---
# toc-title: "Contents"
title: "Orange Dot Report 5.0"
subtitle: "Family Self-Sufficiency in the Charlottesville Region"
date: 'October 27, 2022'
author: 'Ridge Schuyler, Michele Claibourn, Lee LeBoeuf, Elizabeth Mitchell^[**Ridge Schuyler**, Dean, Division of Community Self-Sufficiency Programs - Network2Work\@PVCC, Piedmont Virginia Community College, originated the Orange Dot Report in 2011 and has authored three prior updates (2015, 2018, 2021). This year begins a partnership with The Equity Center at the University of Virginia to support the ongoing updates, authorship, and expansion of this work. **Michele Claibourn**, Director of Equitable Analysis, The Equity Center, University of Virginia and Assistant Professor, Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy, University of Virginia. **Lee LeBoeuf**, Research Data Fellow, The Equity Center, University of Virginia and Ph.D. Candidate, Department of Psychology, University of Virginia. **Elizabeth Mitchell**, Research Programs Manager, The Equity Center, University of Virginia.
]'
output: 
  md_document:
    # self-contained: FALSE
    # lib_dir: lib
    # template: atlas-rmd-template.html
    # css: styles.css
    # theme:
    #   version: 5
    variant: gfm
    preserve_yaml: true
    toc: true
    # toc_float: true
    toc_depth: 1
always_allow_html: true
---

- <a href="#preface" id="toc-preface">Preface</a>
- <a href="#summary" id="toc-summary">Summary</a>
- <a href="#introduction" id="toc-introduction">Introduction</a>
- <a href="#struggling-families" id="toc-struggling-families">Struggling
  Families</a>
- <a href="#the-intersection-with-race"
  id="toc-the-intersection-with-race">The Intersection with Race</a>
- <a href="#locality-profiles" id="toc-locality-profiles">Locality
  Profiles</a>
- <a href="#conclusion" id="toc-conclusion">Conclusion</a>
- <a href="#notes" id="toc-notes">Notes</a>

# Preface

The first Orange Dot Report was released in 2011, and it served both to
describe the local income deficit—the gap between what families receive
as income and what they need to earn to be self-sufficient—in
Charlottesville and to develop strategies for creating pathways to
self-sufficiency for families in the region. This initial effort
launched the innovative Network2Work framework pioneered at Piedmont
Virginia Community College, a process that brings together a Job-Seeker
Network, an Employer Network, and a Provider Network to match
job-seekers to family-sustaining jobs and careers and to connect them to
community resources using neighborhood-based volunteers.

As Network2Work has grown, the Orange Dot Report has also expanded,
encompassing Charlottesville and Albemarle County in Orange Dot Report
2.0 (2015) and the entire region (Albemarle, Buckingham,
Charlottesville, Fluvanna, Greene, Louisa, and Nelson) in Orange Dot
Report 3.0 (2018) and Orange Dot Report 4.0 (2021). Along the way, the
report has come to serve as a central resource for the community and an
important update on the progress of our community.

This effort, Orange Dot Report 5.0, represents the continuation of our
progress toward a more fully and equitable thriving region.
Incorporating an updated description of the condition of families in our
larger region, Orange Dot 5.0 marks the beginning of an annual update
completed in partnership between Network2Work@PVCC and The Equity Center
at the University of Virginia. We will be providing an update of the
report in early spring incorporating the most recent information from
the U.S. Census’ American Community Survey along with more assessment of
community efforts and progress in creating realistic pathways to
self-sufficiency.

# Summary

In the larger Charlottesville community, 9,413 families (14%) do not
make enough money to afford the essentials of life—food, shelter,
clothing and utilities—and the added costs associated with
working—childcare and transportation. This number represents the
families making less than \$35,000 in our region.

This is a significant improvement since the first Orange Dot Report in
2011. For the Charlottesville region, defined here as the city of
Charlottesville and the surrounding counties of Albemarle, Buckingham,
Fluvanna, Greene, Louisa and Nelson, the comparable number of families
struggling in the region in 2011 was 12,552, which was 21% of families.
Over one out of five families. **The 2022 number–9,413 families–is a 25%
reduction in the number of struggling families in the region.**

We recognize, however, that the cost of essentials has gone up over
time. For example, these basic needs currently require over \$45,000 a
year for a single parent with a toddler in childcare.[^2] In this
report, we continue to use the \$35,000 income threshold as the break
point for defining struggling families to remain consistent with the
four prior reports, so these numbers should be understood as a
minimum–at least 9,413 families are struggling.

While families facing economic insecurity live throughout our region,
the likelihood that a family is struggling varies by race and by place.
The struggle is not equally shared.

- Thirty-two percent of Black families make less than \$35,000 a year,
  compared to 11% of white families, a persistent gap resulting from
  past and ongoing policies that suppress investment, opportunity, and
  wealth creation in Black communities.
- The percent of families struggling overall is highest in Buckingham
  County, at 28%, and lowest in Louisa County, at 8%.
- Within every locality except Fluvanna, there are neighborhoods where a
  quarter or more of families have less than family-sufficient incomes.
  The four neighborhoods with the highest percent of struggling families
  are in the city of Charlottesville.

Our community has seen progress since this work began in 2011, but there
are still too many struggling families. For a region as prosperous as
ours, however, ten thousand families is not too many to help.

# Introduction

> “\[W\]henever you are engaged in work that serves humanity and is for
> the building of humanity, it has dignity, and it has worth \[…\] All
> labor has dignity.”
>
> — Martin Luther King Jr.[^3]

The last few years have brought our country’s and our community’s
ongoing struggles and inequities into stark relief. The continued
pandemic, the growing housing affordability crisis, the increasing
volatility of man-made climate change have created challenges for all of
us. But low-income individuals, especially individuals of color, are
suffering disproportionately, both physically and financially.

Despite working hard, too many families struggle to make ends meet, in
part because their work is not treated with dignity. Or at least, their
labor is not valued as though their work has dignity. While the enormous
value, the essentialness, of the labor performed by “front-line” workers
became clear to all during the pandemic, many people laboring in these
positions do not earn enough to provide for their families. For example,
the so-called “caring economy”—childcare workers, home health aides,
teachers—provides enormous social value, but is not given market value.
Rising prices and inflation will only worsen the strain.

We all seek security and stability: to feed our families, to see our
children thrive, to create community with others, to promote our
wellbeing. For families experiencing economic insecurity, all of this is
jeopardized. When faced daily with financial struggles—to pay for
housing, to repair the car that carries you to work, to put food on the
table, to find and afford a safe environment for your children—it is
difficult to be the parent you want to be, the worker you know you could
be, or the person you were meant to be. We all deserve a chance to
thrive, but we are all not yet given that chance. Towards that end, we
must seek to build an equitable economy, one intentionally constructed
on a foundation of racial justice.

Knowing that we can only solve issues we can understand, we provide a
snapshot of the families in our community who are struggling, an update
to the Orange Dot Project report first issued in September 2011.[^4]

What we have learned since this work began in 2011 is that there are too
many struggling families in our community, but not too many to help.

# Struggling Families

There are 66,633 families living in the Charlottesville region, defined
as the city of Charlottesville and the surrounding counties of
Albemarle, Louisa, Nelson, Buckingham, Greene, and Fluvanna.[^5]

Of these, 9,413 families (14%) do not make enough money to afford the
essentials of life—food, shelter, clothing and utilities—and the added
costs associated with working (childcare and transportation).[^6]

While this is still too many families, this is a decrease compared to
the numbers provided in the prior report just two years ago. In the
Orange Dot Report 4.0, there were 10,940 families (17%) who did not earn
enough to meet their basic needs. Since then our community has seen that
number reduced by nearly fourteen percent.[^7]

## Number of Families Struggling in the Region

<br/>

Families in our community generally need to earn at least \$35,000
annually to meet their basic needs, as detailed in the locality profiles
provided in this report. While some of the 9,413 families struggling in
our community appear to have limited earning capacity (those with
incomes under \$14,999), most are working and earning income
(\$15,000-\$34,999), just not enough to support their families.

## Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000

<br/>

This highlights an important distinction. There are at least two
categories of struggling families—those who are closer to
self-sufficiency and who can more readily earn more with the right
opportunities, and those whose earning potential is more limited—and
different strategies are required to improve the lives of families
within each.

For most families, low-incomeness is not a constant, not an immutable
condition that must be worked around, but a variable that must be
changed. For a family experiencing economic struggle, the first question
should be: What do they need to increase their income?

Some families are on fixed incomes or have otherwise reached a more
constrained earning potential due to illness, caregiving
responsibilities, and other circumstances. These families are unlikely
to see their incomes increase appreciably and require sustained subsidy
to meet their basic needs of food, shelter, clothing and utilities.
Based on the income data above, which shows 3,057 families make less
than \$15,000 annually (28%), as well as data from Charlottesville’s
housing affordability study,[^8] for roughly one-third of the families
who are struggling, a self-sufficient family income will be out of
reach. Their survival depends on the strength of the social safety net.

The vast majority of families, however, have the capacity to earn a
family-sufficient income. They are working, but their labor is not
sufficiently valued.

The undervaluing of labor has far-reaching consequences. The myth of
American meritocracy promotes the idea that those who work hard and play
by the rules will get ahead. The flipside of that myth—if you haven’t
gotten ahead, it must be because you don’t work hard enough or play by
the rules—leads to negative beliefs about the poor in our society and,
subsequently, to reduced support for resources and programs meant to
reduce the burdens of poverty. Working hard, however, does not guarantee
that individuals will get ahead. Take the formulas below:

<div class="shadowbox">

Hard Work × High Wages = High Income <br/> Hard Work × Low Wages = Low
Income

</div>

The difference between these outcomes is not the hard work individuals
put in, but the wages paid out. A full-time worker making Virginia’s
minimum wage will have a gross income of \$22,000 per year.[^9] To
reduce the number of struggling families, therefore, requires an
increase in their wages. We need a system that identifies the 72% of
low-income families who are working for a living but who are not valued,
and help them increase their value in the eyes of their employers.

<br/>
<img src="images/PictureChart.png" alt="Two pie charts showing percents of families in the Charlottesville Region paid a living wage. The first shows 86% of families are paid a living wage and 14% are not paid a living wage. The second shows that of that 14% not paid a living wage, 73% are paid close to a living wage and 27% are not paid close to a living wage." width="100%" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/>

To get ahead, those workers will need jobs and careers that pay enough
to support their families.

We all benefit when the families in our community have access to jobs
that pay sufficient incomes. Among the many advantages include:

**Children do better.** Graduating from college continues to be the
fastest route to economic security, yet economic insecurity limits
access to higher education. As Robert Putnam’s work shows, “a family’s
socioeconomic status \[has\] become even more important than test scores
in predicting which eighth graders would graduate from college.
High-scoring poor kids are now slightly less likely (29%) to get a
college degree than low-scoring rich kids (30%).”[^10]

**Local businesses benefit.** Employees are also consumers, and
increased income among a region’s workers means more spending power,
which is better for the economy, especially the local economy.

**Taxpayers benefit.** Given the chance, families want to provide for
themselves. When they are able to do so, they require less support from
others.

**People live longer.** According to the Centers for Disease Control,
the biggest contributor to poor health is low socio-economic status. The
Health Inequality Project estimates that a woman in the Charlottesville
area in the lowest income quartile has a life expectancy of seven years
less than a woman from the highest income quartile; among men in our
region, the life expectancy gap is nearly ten years.[^11]

**The community thrives.** A community thrives when its residents
thrive. Residents thrive when their capacity as human beings is
unleashed. And their capacity as human beings can only be unleashed when
their basic needs are met.

# The Intersection with Race

Too many families are struggling in our region, but these burdens are
not equally shared. Throughout our country and our history, the labor of
our Black neighbors has been systematically valued less than the labor
of our White neighbors. The undervaluing of Black labor has been
reinforced through many policies from those we’ve collectively
recognized as racially discriminatory—enslavement, Black codes, Jim
Crow, Massive Resistance—to ongoing and often unacknowledged choices—a
legacy of disinvestment in and displacement of Black communities, the
blocking of wealth creation through red-lining and predatory lending,
disproportionate contact with law enforcement and overincarceration,
disenfranchisement and political demobilization, overt and subconscious
negative stereotypes. And the list could go on.

These policies and choices have generated a significant racial wealth
gap. The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis calculated that the average
net worth of a white family in America was ten times greater than the
net worth of a Black family, as shown below.[^12]

<br/>
<img src="images/WealthGap.png" alt="Distribution of family wealth by race and ethinicity. Wealth gaps in terms of Black and Hispanic families' cents per every dollar of white family wealth shown for percentile groups. Source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis." width="80%" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/>

That racial wealth gap is best explained by unequal labor income,
according to research from the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland.[^13]

<br/>
<img src="images/IncomeGap.jpg" alt="Figure showing percent of racial wealth gap from 1962 to 2007. Title: A racial income gap explains the US's wealth gap today. Subtitle: Federal Reserve Bank economists found unequal incomes explain the black-white wealth gap's persistence today more than inherited wealth or investment returns. Source: Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland research economists Dionissi Aliprantic and Daniel Carroll." width="80%" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/>

This struggle is not new. When Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. stood on the
steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28, 1963 to deliver his iconic I
Have A Dream speech, he was addressing a “March for Jobs and Freedom.”
When he was assassinated at the Lorraine Motel on April 4, 1968, he was
in Memphis to stand shoulder to shoulder with Black sanitation workers
fighting for higher wages.

This struggle is also local, as was made stark in the violence and
terror of August 11 and 12, 2017. And the unequal labor income within
the nation is reflected in our community as well. As shown below, the
percent of Black families making less than family-sustaining income is
consistently higher across our region than the percent of white families
struggling, and is especially high in Albemarle and
Charlottesville.[^14]

## Families Making under \$35,000 by Race

![](orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-6-1.png)<!-- -->
<br/>

We need to be intentional about helping all families in our community
who are struggling to achieve self-sufficient income, but must be
especially attentive to Black families who are struggling in our economy
as they may understandably be distrustful or disconnected from the very
institutions positioned to help.

# Locality Profiles

The following sections explore each locality separately, detailing what
it costs to be self-sufficient in each of the localities that comprise
the region—including the costs of food[^15], shelter[^16],
clothing[^17], utilities[^18], childcare[^19], transportation[^20], and
necessary costs[^21]—and describing how many families in each locality
are struggling.

We show, too, how families are faring by race, as above, and by place.
Places, or the neighborhoods within localities, are captured with census
tracts, areas used by the United States Census Bureau to approximate
neighborhoods. Census tracts are roughly equal in population and are
bounded by major roads, rivers and railroad tracks. The geographic
variation in our region is evident across these census tracts.
Charlottesville for example, is a city of roughly 10 square miles that
are more densely populated. Albemarle surrounds Charlottesville and
dwarfs it physically at 726 square miles, but it has both dense
neighborhoods and sprawling rural ones. While there is variation across
the communities that define the greater Charlottesville region, there is
one constant: throughout the region there are hundreds of families who
struggle every day to put a roof over their heads, food in their
bellies, clothes on their backs and heat in their homes.

## Localities

### Albemarle County

#### Albemarle County

There are 26,522 families living in Albemarle County. Of these, 2,614
(9.9%) do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the costs
associated with working.

Albemarle County at a glance:

- Albemarle and Charlottesville are the most expensive localities in the
  region given the costs of housing and childcare.

- Albemarle, relative to the other localities, has the highest number of
  families making \$25,000-34,999 a year, just below the minimum target
  threshold.

- Albemarle has one of the largest racial disparities among struggling
  families; the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 (29%) is
  21% higher than the percent of white families making under \$35,000
  (8%).

- Families making less than \$35,000 tend to be more highly concentrated
  near the University of Virginia and the Oak Hill neighborhood.

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Albemarle County

<br/> As this table shows, 78% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Albemarle, Black
families are over-represented at the low end of the pay ranges (under
\$35,000 a year) and under-represented at the high end of the pay ranges
(over \$100,000 a year). In other words, relative to white families,
Black families are more likely to be paid insufficient wages and less
likely to be high-earning.

Relative to the other localities, a higher share of Albemarle County
families fall into the high-earning pay ranges—this distribution is
likely related to the high cost of housing within the county.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Albemarle County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-10-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income[^22] (the first map) or the percent of families
within the tract who make less than \$35,000 a year (the second map).
The maps show how residents are often concentrated into neighborhoods
with either high-earning or low-earning families, with implications for
the resources and opportunities available to the families living within
each tract.

To see which neighborhoods in Albemarle County have the highest and
lowest median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median
income and neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Albemarle County

<div id="htmlwidget-323f30974cf95b78f94e" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-323f30974cf95b78f94e">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.513187,-78.513173,-78.513131,-78.513077,-78.512992,-78.512985,-78.512833,-78.512736,-78.512576,-78.512437,-78.512361,-78.512062,-78.511972,-78.511374,-78.511347,-78.511276,-78.511172,-78.511116,-78.510922,-78.510668,-78.510637,-78.51038,-78.510116,-78.509956,-78.50981,-78.509553,-78.509164,-78.50897,-78.508657,-78.508504,-78.508206,-78.507928,-78.507463,-78.507143,-78.507011,-78.506823,-78.506629,-78.506164,-78.50599,-78.505844,-78.505809,-78.505691,-78.505403,-78.505208,-78.505038,-78.504837,-78.504476,-78.504239,-78.503927,-78.503691,-78.503662,-78.503607,-78.50351,-78.503406,-78.503313,-78.503238,-78.503157,-78.503059,-78.502972,-78.502868,-78.502751,-78.502628,-78.50255,-78.502498,-78.502437,-78.502359,-78.502287,-78.502217,-78.502087,-78.502004,-78.501881,-78.501793,-78.501716,-78.501615,-78.501541,-78.501485,-78.50146,-78.501412,-78.501348,-78.501317,-78.501288,-78.501263,-78.501242,-78.501238,-78.50124,-78.501242,-78.501238,-78.501223,-78.501204,-78.501166,-78.501094,-78.501035,-78.500964,-78.500924,-78.500899,-78.500828,-78.500788,-78.500775,-78.500826,-78.500817,-78.500741,-78.500674,-78.500619,-78.500507,-78.500404,-78.500327,-78.50022,-78.500116,-78.500044,-78.499982,-78.499885,-78.499732,-78.499607,-78.499309,-78.499204,-78.499079,-78.498837,-78.497747,-78.496934,-78.496687,-78.496393,-78.496185,-78.495989,-78.495763,-78.495697,-78.495652,-78.495443,-78.495243,-78.495064,-78.495037,-78.494786,-78.494329,-78.494014,-78.493665,-78.491355,-78.489124,-78.48826,-78.48802,-78.487988,-78.487934,-78.487895,-78.487824,-78.487751,-78.487673,-78.487611,-78.487598,-78.487594,-78.48754,-78.487474,-78.487394,-78.487337,-78.487274,-78.487217,-78.487162,-78.487085,-78.487039,-78.487029,-78.486975,-78.486899,-78.486759,-78.486683,-78.486615,-78.486556,-78.486487,-78.486412,-78.486326,-78.486227,-78.486139,-78.486092,-78.486018,-78.485932,-78.485847,-78.485748,-78.48566,-78.485573,-78.485498,-78.485449,-78.485365,-78.485273,-78.485184,-78.485094,-78.485036,-78.485008,-78.4849,-78.484814,-78.484735,-78.484673,-78.484635,-78.484616,-78.484547,-78.484519,-78.48446,-78.484405,-78.484355,-78.484321,-78.484292,-78.484234,-78.484172,-78.484124,-78.484109,-78.484058,-78.484005,-78.483941,-78.483889,-78.483838,-78.483788,-78.483758,-78.483713,-78.483645,-78.483592,-78.483536,-78.483491,-78.483451,-78.483438,-78.483411,-78.483357,-78.483323,-78.483278,-78.483272,-78.483264,-78.483222,-78.483214,-78.483227,-78.483231,-78.483224,-78.483206,-78.483196,-78.483196,-78.483186,-78.483182,-78.483161,-78.483139,-78.483115,-78.483095,-78.483085,-78.483068,-78.483054,-78.483036,-78.483023,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.483033,-78.48305,-78.483064,-78.483082,-78.483086,-78.483086,-78.483078,-78.483064,-78.483061,-78.483042,-78.483015,-78.483006,-78.483006,-78.482995,-78.482999,-78.483012,-78.48302,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.483015,-78.48299,-78.482955,-78.482917,-78.482843,-78.482763,-78.4827,-78.482614,-78.482544,-78.482428,-78.482321,-78.482183,-78.482009,-78.481919,-78.481816,-78.481733,-78.481645,-78.48157,-78.481484,-78.481383,-78.481303,-78.481235,-78.481188,-78.481177,-78.481128,-78.481078,-78.481059,-78.481046,-78.481017,-78.480976,-78.480915,-78.480852,-78.480748,-78.480675,-78.480617,-78.48055,-78.480487,-78.480438,-78.480395,-78.480367,-78.480327,-78.480276,-78.480221,-78.480153,-78.480102,-78.480051,-78.479937,-78.479923,-78.479899,-78.479845,-78.479796,-78.479729,-78.479659,-78.479635,-78.479611,-78.479591,-78.479551,-78.479508,-78.479478,-78.479435,-78.479419,-78.479367,-78.479299,-78.479253,-78.479222,-78.479171,-78.479124,-78.479083,-78.479054,-78.479035,-78.479009,-78.478991,-78.478979,-78.478968,-78.478952,-78.47894,-78.478928,-78.478903,-78.478867,-78.478819,-78.478766,-78.478682,-78.47863,-78.478591,-78.47855,-78.478507,-78.478466,-78.478422,-78.478386,-78.478356,-78.478304,-78.478267,-78.478234,-78.478187,-78.47815,-78.478024,-78.477945,-78.477805,-78.477658,-78.477498,-78.47745,-78.477425,-78.4774,-78.477367,-78.477347,-78.47715,-78.475661,-78.475109,-78.475249,-78.47527,-78.475327,-78.475483,-78.475674,-78.475763,-78.47674,-78.476926,-78.477131,-78.47732,-78.478445,-78.479084,-78.479152,-78.479212,-78.480161,-78.480751,-78.480884,-78.481031,-78.481101,-78.481289,-78.48152,-78.481619,-78.481769,-78.48198,-78.482297,-78.482482,-78.482524,-78.482624,-78.482914,-78.482989,-78.483099,-78.483191,-78.483311,-78.483398,-78.48354,-78.484146,-78.484395,-78.484604,-78.484731,-78.484837,-78.484927,-78.485001,-78.485026,-78.485041,-78.485064,-78.485399,-78.486088,-78.486343,-78.48647,-78.486547,-78.48659,-78.486676,-78.486741,-78.48686,-78.486994,-78.487191,-78.48808,-78.488366,-78.488926,-78.488955,-78.489398,-78.489687,-78.489948,-78.490304,-78.490679,-78.491103,-78.492663,-78.493521,-78.494257,-78.494523,-78.494826,-78.49502,-78.495479,-78.496431,-78.496545,-78.496804,-78.496912,-78.497006,-78.497208,-78.49739,-78.497698,-78.498066,-78.498394,-78.49866,-78.498964,-78.499064,-78.499756,-78.499916,-78.500054,-78.50026,-78.500412,-78.500854,-78.500994,-78.501679,-78.501905,-78.501995,-78.502073,-78.502173,-78.502425,-78.503113,-78.503305,-78.503522,-78.503672,-78.503922,-78.504709,-78.505132,-78.505354,-78.505961,-78.506333,-78.506436,-78.506485,-78.506519,-78.506536,-78.506531,-78.506507,-78.506466,-78.506303,-78.506199,-78.506083,-78.505984,-78.505904,-78.505841,-78.505795,-78.50576,-78.505714,-78.505648,-78.505602,-78.505575,-78.505547,-78.505542,-78.505555,-78.50563,-78.505655,-78.505658,-78.505658,-78.505637,-78.505634,-78.50561,-78.505587,-78.505566,-78.505515,-78.505441,-78.505356,-78.505222,-78.504181,-78.504099,-78.503752,-78.503338,-78.502885,-78.502264,-78.502409,-78.502528,-78.502649,-78.50281,-78.502947,-78.503054,-78.503187,-78.503312,-78.503481,-78.50355,-78.50367,-78.503736,-78.503824,-78.503985,-78.504149,-78.504327,-78.504539,-78.504747,-78.504869,-78.505008,-78.505137,-78.505251,-78.505352,-78.505465,-78.50556,-78.505629,-78.505667,-78.50568,-78.505677,-78.505654,-78.505614,-78.505563,-78.505496,-78.505311,-78.505067,-78.505149,-78.505312,-78.505462,-78.505554,-78.505629,-78.50571,-78.505929,-78.506023,-78.506326,-78.506399,-78.50648,-78.506648,-78.50683,-78.506966,-78.507119,-78.507138,-78.507172,-78.5072,-78.507311,-78.507394,-78.507477,-78.507616,-78.507721,-78.507804,-78.507873,-78.507956,-78.507998,-78.508012,-78.507991,-78.507998,-78.508018,-78.508039,-78.508192,-78.508255,-78.508477,-78.508574,-78.508615,-78.508643,-78.508727,-78.508775,-78.509365,-78.509642,-78.510183,-78.51026,-78.510274,-78.51028,-78.510322,-78.510398,-78.510502,-78.510592,-78.511175,-78.511612,-78.511696,-78.512005,-78.512056,-78.512327,-78.512501,-78.512625,-78.512896,-78.513007,-78.513076,-78.513166,-78.51318,-78.513187],"lat":[37.997703,37.997857,37.998032,37.998139,37.998312,37.998367,37.998405,37.998444,37.998526,37.998636,37.998713,37.99913,37.99924,38.000124,38.00014,38.000293,38.00043,38.000518,38.00077,38.001122,38.001166,38.001473,38.001852,38.00206,38.002236,38.002571,38.003098,38.003328,38.003734,38.00397,38.004377,38.004706,38.005211,38.00559,38.005754,38.006051,38.006298,38.006803,38.007006,38.007192,38.007247,38.007407,38.007749,38.007981,38.008191,38.008416,38.008872,38.009146,38.009536,38.009816,38.009848,38.009909,38.010003,38.010096,38.0102,38.010252,38.01031,38.010393,38.010465,38.01052,38.010573,38.010626,38.010653,38.01067,38.010708,38.010766,38.010828,38.01087,38.010939,38.01098,38.011012,38.011045,38.011085,38.011158,38.011235,38.011286,38.0113,38.011332,38.011384,38.011413,38.011435,38.011463,38.011501,38.011591,38.011639,38.011713,38.011741,38.011781,38.011817,38.011863,38.011921,38.011976,38.012034,38.012081,38.012097,38.012186,38.012224,38.012301,38.012359,38.012396,38.012469,38.012493,38.012552,38.012633,38.012698,38.012748,38.012765,38.012769,38.012768,38.012812,38.012856,38.012904,38.012948,38.013014,38.013014,38.012992,38.012904,38.01342,38.013828,38.013946,38.01409,38.014193,38.014293,38.014406,38.01444,38.014463,38.014558,38.014639,38.014711,38.014721,38.014825,38.01501,38.015136,38.015276,38.017503,38.017543,38.016834,38.016639,38.016612,38.016642,38.016653,38.016672,38.016682,38.016681,38.016674,38.016666,38.016643,38.016617,38.016595,38.016587,38.016578,38.016566,38.016547,38.016507,38.01645,38.016422,38.016414,38.016378,38.016317,38.016219,38.016171,38.016117,38.016072,38.016038,38.016021,38.016019,38.016024,38.016031,38.016034,38.016036,38.016033,38.01602,38.016002,38.015985,38.015961,38.015945,38.015937,38.015923,38.015907,38.015881,38.015851,38.015831,38.015821,38.015776,38.015736,38.015697,38.015667,38.015645,38.015635,38.015605,38.015579,38.015558,38.015538,38.015536,38.015538,38.015532,38.015506,38.015475,38.015453,38.015433,38.015389,38.015363,38.015335,38.015314,38.015293,38.015253,38.015222,38.015179,38.015139,38.015103,38.015074,38.015045,38.015025,38.015006,38.014969,38.014951,38.014926,38.014899,38.01488,38.01484,38.0148,38.014771,38.014733,38.014677,38.01462,38.014567,38.014506,38.014342,38.014251,38.014186,38.014116,38.014048,38.013993,38.013934,38.013869,38.013801,38.013709,38.013607,38.013519,38.013432,38.013339,38.013227,38.013123,38.013031,38.012937,38.012888,38.01281,38.012766,38.012721,38.012676,38.012635,38.012559,38.012519,38.012453,38.012381,38.012317,38.012258,38.012209,38.012122,38.012058,38.011989,38.011922,38.011877,38.011851,38.011831,38.011825,38.011819,38.011813,38.011808,38.011812,38.011809,38.011802,38.011797,38.011776,38.011774,38.011777,38.011788,38.011801,38.011814,38.01184,38.011891,38.011961,38.012024,38.012094,38.012111,38.012184,38.01228,38.012344,38.012417,38.012479,38.012532,38.012582,38.012613,38.012669,38.012761,38.012831,38.012907,38.012989,38.013057,38.013129,38.013187,38.013243,38.013314,38.01337,38.013415,38.013442,38.013448,38.013436,38.013435,38.013429,38.013426,38.013434,38.013432,38.013433,38.013433,38.013417,38.013401,38.013382,38.01339,38.013392,38.013384,38.013381,38.013367,38.013355,38.013338,38.013329,38.013329,38.013336,38.013393,38.013418,38.013428,38.013437,38.013455,38.013477,38.013497,38.013523,38.013541,38.013551,38.013565,38.013602,38.013635,38.013664,38.013708,38.013739,38.013773,38.013787,38.013819,38.013824,38.013831,38.013835,38.013846,38.013878,38.013904,38.01393,38.013951,38.013967,38.014008,38.014038,38.014094,38.01415,38.014186,38.014212,38.014222,38.014232,38.014246,38.01426,38.014478,38.014511,38.013917,38.013686,38.01365,38.013556,38.013299,38.012979,38.012833,38.011196,38.010884,38.010546,38.010225,38.008352,38.00728,38.007168,38.007067,38.005483,38.004487,38.004255,38.003978,38.00383,38.003392,38.002821,38.002554,38.002258,38.001862,38.00129,38.000958,38.000874,38.000675,38.000023,37.999895,37.99974,37.999634,37.999525,37.99946,37.999367,37.999039,37.998891,37.998749,37.99865,37.998545,37.998431,37.998312,37.998269,37.998241,37.998198,37.997494,37.996025,37.995485,37.995235,37.995111,37.99504,37.994923,37.994846,37.994726,37.994615,37.99448,37.993966,37.993797,37.99345,37.993433,37.993172,37.993026,37.992915,37.992778,37.992666,37.992559,37.992201,37.992023,37.991881,37.991826,37.991755,37.991703,37.991576,37.991302,37.991269,37.991178,37.991136,37.991096,37.991001,37.990897,37.990692,37.990424,37.990164,37.989964,37.989752,37.98969,37.98926,37.989153,37.98905,37.988876,37.988732,37.988256,37.988102,37.987354,37.987097,37.986984,37.986887,37.986752,37.98639,37.985392,37.985128,37.984846,37.984663,37.984363,37.983436,37.98294,37.982691,37.982055,37.981678,37.981745,37.981794,37.981851,37.981913,37.981969,37.982037,37.982099,37.982258,37.982352,37.982479,37.982612,37.982744,37.982881,37.983023,37.98322,37.983598,37.984122,37.984502,37.98473,37.985045,37.985236,37.985428,37.985972,37.986257,37.98644,37.986666,37.987666,37.987779,37.988113,37.988289,37.98839,37.988555,37.988727,37.988895,37.989121,37.990824,37.99096,37.991536,37.992211,37.992959,37.993979,37.994026,37.994043,37.994045,37.994034,37.99401,37.993981,37.993931,37.993867,37.993768,37.993734,37.993684,37.993662,37.993637,37.993605,37.993587,37.99359,37.993611,37.993653,37.993692,37.993753,37.993824,37.993901,37.993988,37.994111,37.994247,37.994383,37.994507,37.994613,37.994769,37.994909,37.99504,37.995157,37.99527,37.995548,37.995896,37.995936,37.996032,37.99614,37.99622,37.996301,37.996408,37.996309,37.996254,37.996423,37.996471,37.996482,37.996464,37.996335,37.996159,37.995687,37.99602,37.996113,37.996118,37.996091,37.996086,37.996098,37.996119,37.996168,37.996223,37.996283,37.996382,37.996459,37.996558,37.996728,37.996767,37.996783,37.996772,37.996586,37.996536,37.996421,37.996405,37.996399,37.996383,37.996234,37.996267,37.996432,37.996526,37.996751,37.996806,37.996839,37.997031,37.997086,37.997136,37.997174,37.997185,37.997164,37.997164,37.99718,37.997289,37.997307,37.997302,37.997324,37.997368,37.99751,37.997554,37.997565,37.997598,37.997626,37.997703]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.837013,-78.834755,-78.834585,-78.83311,-78.832969,-78.831629,-78.830144,-78.829974,-78.829927,-78.829101,-78.828415,-78.828108,-78.826512,-78.826075,-78.825585,-78.825523,-78.825209,-78.825203,-78.824685,-78.823569,-78.822481,-78.822327,-78.822221,-78.822263,-78.822293,-78.821882,-78.821691,-78.820182,-78.819842,-78.819014,-78.81862,-78.818112,-78.817492,-78.81735,-78.817289,-78.816846,-78.816537,-78.816228,-78.816219,-78.815923,-78.814659,-78.814401,-78.812758,-78.811857,-78.810856,-78.810497,-78.809884,-78.809484,-78.808242,-78.808195,-78.808016,-78.808007,-78.807793,-78.807611,-78.806482,-78.806236,-78.805903,-78.805756,-78.805444,-78.805307,-78.805067,-78.804569,-78.804145,-78.803998,-78.803562,-78.803218,-78.80232,-78.801844,-78.801617,-78.801041,-78.800371,-78.799482,-78.79937,-78.79911,-78.798851,-78.798372,-78.797294,-78.797234,-78.796309,-78.795252,-78.794761,-78.792788,-78.79218,-78.7922,-78.792204,-78.792228,-78.79263,-78.793104,-78.79313,-78.793148,-78.793156,-78.793161,-78.793177,-78.793149,-78.793135,-78.793029,-78.792787,-78.792841,-78.792868,-78.793521,-78.793667,-78.794019,-78.793927,-78.793647,-78.793119,-78.792616,-78.791887,-78.791606,-78.791426,-78.790272,-78.78912,-78.78884,-78.788162,-78.78807,-78.786826,-78.78603,-78.785161,-78.784453,-78.783561,-78.78349,-78.78224,-78.781681,-78.781078,-78.780879,-78.780855,-78.780811,-78.780813,-78.780648,-78.780492,-78.780163,-78.779858,-78.77959,-78.7792,-78.77891,-78.778899,-78.778903,-78.778945,-78.778984,-78.779059,-78.779073,-78.779083,-78.779125,-78.779247,-78.779306,-78.779228,-78.779185,-78.779124,-78.779069,-78.778975,-78.778674,-78.778218,-78.777945,-78.777688,-78.777575,-78.77738,-78.777309,-78.777203,-78.77768,-78.777702,-78.777887,-78.778527,-78.779569,-78.779887,-78.78049,-78.780611,-78.78094,-78.781173,-78.781181,-78.781209,-78.781152,-78.781119,-78.781095,-78.781108,-78.781135,-78.781133,-78.781113,-78.781077,-78.780971,-78.780888,-78.780868,-78.780793,-78.780728,-78.780647,-78.780592,-78.780301,-78.78026,-78.780226,-78.780182,-78.780129,-78.779887,-78.779602,-78.779416,-78.778556,-78.777668,-78.777126,-78.776483,-78.775844,-78.775618,-78.775452,-78.775282,-78.775077,-78.774564,-78.774185,-78.773921,-78.773706,-78.773562,-78.77339,-78.772897,-78.772753,-78.772626,-78.772501,-78.772344,-78.772161,-78.771998,-78.771877,-78.771751,-78.771693,-78.771641,-78.771132,-78.771071,-78.77092,-78.770819,-78.770718,-78.770453,-78.769792,-78.769646,-78.769556,-78.769343,-78.769081,-78.768969,-78.768849,-78.768561,-78.768482,-78.768351,-78.768154,-78.767833,-78.767575,-78.767154,-78.767054,-78.76659,-78.766464,-78.766396,-78.766272,-78.766006,-78.765791,-78.765396,-78.765194,-78.765109,-78.764975,-78.764829,-78.764513,-78.764414,-78.764279,-78.764106,-78.763716,-78.763391,-78.763283,-78.762171,-78.760039,-78.759724,-78.75947,-78.759248,-78.759029,-78.758773,-78.758575,-78.75845,-78.758034,-78.757894,-78.757745,-78.757617,-78.757505,-78.756819,-78.756646,-78.756408,-78.755781,-78.755668,-78.755554,-78.755451,-78.755351,-78.755234,-78.755179,-78.754972,-78.754514,-78.754393,-78.75429,-78.754118,-78.753968,-78.753857,-78.753676,-78.752886,-78.752564,-78.752057,-78.751539,-78.751422,-78.751276,-78.751131,-78.751047,-78.750928,-78.750822,-78.750532,-78.749376,-78.749242,-78.749168,-78.748588,-78.748162,-78.747775,-78.747549,-78.747099,-78.746791,-78.746687,-78.74575,-78.745248,-78.744899,-78.744794,-78.744681,-78.744564,-78.744213,-78.744142,-78.744094,-78.743903,-78.743765,-78.743752,-78.743756,-78.743778,-78.743809,-78.743826,-78.743823,-78.743797,-78.743758,-78.743727,-78.742547,-78.740875,-78.738683,-78.737435,-78.732649,-78.73013,-78.727457,-78.72265,-78.718244,-78.716081,-78.714634,-78.714496,-78.713082,-78.712755,-78.712375,-78.712314,-78.705046,-78.704858,-78.704636,-78.70376,-78.703544,-78.703322,-78.703099,-78.702884,-78.702676,-78.702557,-78.702279,-78.702175,-78.702036,-78.701946,-78.701786,-78.701438,-78.701133,-78.701105,-78.700799,-78.700653,-78.700556,-78.700375,-78.700271,-78.700097,-78.699944,-78.699777,-78.699624,-78.699416,-78.699393,-78.699256,-78.698797,-78.698415,-78.698283,-78.698095,-78.697894,-78.697727,-78.697393,-78.697206,-78.697101,-78.696949,-78.696789,-78.696691,-78.696386,-78.69617,-78.696036,-78.696014,-78.69598,-78.695948,-78.695933,-78.695809,-78.695698,-78.69551,-78.695413,-78.69535,-78.695312,-78.69528,-78.695257,-78.69526,-78.695211,-78.695183,-78.695201,-78.695211,-78.695329,-78.69544,-78.695572,-78.695732,-78.695802,-78.69585,-78.695857,-78.69585,-78.695829,-78.695795,-78.69576,-78.695705,-78.695656,-78.695601,-78.695576,-78.695574,-78.695569,-78.695549,-78.695454,-78.695336,-78.695266,-78.695197,-78.695162,-78.695121,-78.694995,-78.694947,-78.694891,-78.694822,-78.694787,-78.694697,-78.694669,-78.694558,-78.694474,-78.694439,-78.694419,-78.694426,-78.694537,-78.694565,-78.694571,-78.694564,-78.694565,-78.69453,-78.694592,-78.694571,-78.69453,-78.694412,-78.694363,-78.694307,-78.694238,-78.694099,-78.694039,-78.694025,-78.694009,-78.693982,-78.693927,-78.693585,-78.693216,-78.693075,-78.692936,-78.69283,-78.692701,-78.692453,-78.69225,-78.692192,-78.692151,-78.692135,-78.692134,-78.692183,-78.692274,-78.692323,-78.692347,-78.692398,-78.692534,-78.6926,-78.692648,-78.692661,-78.69267,-78.692873,-78.692991,-78.693054,-78.693119,-78.693223,-78.693355,-78.693466,-78.69364,-78.693814,-78.693862,-78.693921,-78.693953,-78.693974,-78.694008,-78.694078,-78.694126,-78.694252,-78.694467,-78.694509,-78.694877,-78.695106,-78.695231,-78.695349,-78.695857,-78.696024,-78.696378,-78.696524,-78.69667,-78.696823,-78.697002,-78.69706,-78.697126,-78.697351,-78.697455,-78.697518,-78.69758,-78.697664,-78.697691,-78.697782,-78.697794,-78.697809,-78.697886,-78.697976,-78.698379,-78.698741,-78.698838,-78.698914,-78.698991,-78.699102,-78.699213,-78.699394,-78.699595,-78.699706,-78.699871,-78.700158,-78.700248,-78.700332,-78.70036,-78.700408,-78.700401,-78.700408,-78.700429,-78.70052,-78.700651,-78.701103,-78.701464,-78.701937,-78.702159,-78.702528,-78.702764,-78.702931,-78.703118,-78.703417,-78.703619,-78.70373,-78.703827,-78.703904,-78.704036,-78.704098,-78.70414,-78.704216,-78.704272,-78.704383,-78.704564,-78.704737,-78.704918,-78.705182,-78.705432,-78.705564,-78.705926,-78.706099,-78.706287,-78.706329,-78.706397,-78.706614,-78.706822,-78.707065,-78.707197,-78.707308,-78.707392,-78.70744,-78.70751,-78.707559,-78.707593,-78.707628,-78.707795,-78.707832,-78.707865,-78.708031,-78.708114,-78.708191,-78.708274,-78.70833,-78.708351,-78.708573,-78.70874,-78.7089,-78.70908,-78.70924,-78.7094,-78.709553,-78.709699,-78.709859,-78.710137,-78.71029,-78.710491,-78.710713,-78.710818,-78.711005,-78.711068,-78.711123,-78.711283,-78.711478,-78.711624,-78.711707,-78.711922,-78.712055,-78.712214,-78.712457,-78.712506,-78.712583,-78.712749,-78.712805,-78.71293,-78.713152,-78.713229,-78.713298,-78.713333,-78.713368,-78.713423,-78.713611,-78.713764,-78.713861,-78.713937,-78.714229,-78.714354,-78.714382,-78.714591,-78.714771,-78.715091,-78.715244,-78.715313,-78.715396,-78.715424,-78.715528,-78.71566,-78.715883,-78.716146,-78.716168,-78.716376,-78.716543,-78.716723,-78.716862,-78.717071,-78.717126,-78.717203,-78.717595,-78.717802,-78.717845,-78.718072,-78.718356,-78.718619,-78.718746,-78.718787,-78.71885,-78.718871,-78.719003,-78.719072,-78.71935,-78.719441,-78.719517,-78.719608,-78.719642,-78.719649,-78.719615,-78.719622,-78.719622,-78.719632,-78.71981,-78.719928,-78.720027,-78.720111,-78.720244,-78.720411,-78.720513,-78.721025,-78.721066,-78.721161,-78.72133,-78.721385,-78.721637,-78.721733,-78.721822,-78.721861,-78.722768,-78.72327,-78.723504,-78.723547,-78.723594,-78.723676,-78.723784,-78.723899,-78.724223,-78.724611,-78.724915,-78.725001,-78.72508,-78.72514,-78.725212,-78.72526,-78.725315,-78.725426,-78.725616,-78.725686,-78.725735,-78.725747,-78.72574,-78.725713,-78.7256,-78.725578,-78.725564,-78.725564,-78.725579,-78.725561,-78.725546,-78.725421,-78.725401,-78.725379,-78.725377,-78.725396,-78.725451,-78.72547,-78.725471,-78.725456,-78.725417,-78.725352,-78.725194,-78.725161,-78.72514,-78.72511,-78.725095,-78.725067,-78.725033,-78.724958,-78.724907,-78.724881,-78.724836,-78.724774,-78.724667,-78.72454,-78.724439,-78.72427,-78.724243,-78.724173,-78.72412,-78.724091,-78.724063,-78.724,-78.723901,-78.723843,-78.723835,-78.723792,-78.72372,-78.723666,-78.72357,-78.723491,-78.723362,-78.723233,-78.723119,-78.722938,-78.722808,-78.722615,-78.722117,-78.721883,-78.721602,-78.721272,-78.720999,-78.720805,-78.720633,-78.72024,-78.71992,-78.71967,-78.719474,-78.719204,-78.71912,-78.71896,-78.718828,-78.718664,-78.718459,-78.718429,-78.718239,-78.717913,-78.717624,-78.717581,-78.717397,-78.717272,-78.717126,-78.716908,-78.716341,-78.716114,-78.71601,-78.71592,-78.715651,-78.715496,-78.715445,-78.715291,-78.715231,-78.715097,-78.714935,-78.714811,-78.714669,-78.714474,-78.714396,-78.714361,-78.714342,-78.714339,-78.714553,-78.715058,-78.715645,-78.716718,-78.716958,-78.717666,-78.71862,-78.72434,-78.726842,-78.730127,-78.731133,-78.732728,-78.732837,-78.733974,-78.734743,-78.735538,-78.735798,-78.736234,-78.737188,-78.739056,-78.739705,-78.74072,-78.741782,-78.742897,-78.743004,-78.743167,-78.743505,-78.74365,-78.744173,-78.746661,-78.74748,-78.748254,-78.748222,-78.748152,-78.748039,-78.747954,-78.747892,-78.747745,-78.747611,-78.747511,-78.747454,-78.747409,-78.747391,-78.747393,-78.74746,-78.747472,-78.747476,-78.747461,-78.747444,-78.747426,-78.747399,-78.747377,-78.747349,-78.747308,-78.747286,-78.747248,-78.747211,-78.747104,-78.746824,-78.746637,-78.746595,-78.7465,-78.746553,-78.746622,-78.746874,-78.747156,-78.747181,-78.747324,-78.747398,-78.747543,-78.747703,-78.747741,-78.747897,-78.747986,-78.748,-78.748054,-78.748136,-78.748202,-78.748332,-78.749059,-78.749286,-78.749745,-78.749874,-78.749203,-78.746359,-78.742311,-78.741528,-78.738999,-78.738051,-78.733289,-78.732293,-78.732149,-78.731734,-78.731481,-78.73085,-78.73026,-78.729921,-78.729761,-78.729578,-78.729321,-78.72862,-78.728342,-78.727686,-78.727018,-78.726562,-78.725646,-78.725441,-78.723968,-78.722581,-78.721738,-78.720941,-78.72066,-78.720615,-78.720197,-78.719704,-78.719293,-78.718551,-78.717245,-78.716583,-78.715543,-78.714464,-78.71387,-78.710652,-78.70931,-78.709211,-78.705477,-78.702611,-78.701652,-78.700807,-78.69834,-78.693878,-78.692693,-78.691629,-78.690596,-78.689658,-78.689079,-78.687253,-78.686725,-78.685504,-78.685188,-78.684771,-78.684153,-78.684046,-78.683454,-78.682994,-78.682197,-78.681607,-78.681133,-78.680136,-78.67905,-78.67828,-78.671517,-78.67148,-78.671378,-78.668901,-78.668019,-78.663972,-78.661818,-78.660844,-78.660455,-78.659723,-78.65892,-78.658324,-78.657381,-78.6568,-78.656441,-78.655528,-78.654703,-78.651157,-78.648994,-78.647916,-78.646417,-78.644287,-78.642942,-78.642109,-78.637188,-78.636637,-78.636543,-78.636484,-78.636446,-78.636388,-78.636351,-78.636297,-78.636205,-78.636092,-78.635705,-78.635527,-78.635443,-78.635279,-78.635089,-78.634906,-78.63434,-78.633988,-78.633856,-78.632987,-78.632862,-78.63257,-78.632534,-78.632224,-78.631787,-78.631526,-78.631127,-78.631055,-78.630658,-78.630503,-78.630123,-78.629954,-78.629773,-78.629739,-78.629688,-78.629656,-78.629634,-78.62954,-78.629493,-78.629478,-78.629432,-78.629409,-78.629396,-78.629399,-78.629422,-78.629423,-78.629413,-78.629387,-78.629353,-78.629321,-78.629255,-78.629207,-78.629072,-78.628928,-78.628721,-78.628584,-78.628402,-78.628073,-78.628051,-78.627917,-78.62785,-78.627777,-78.627586,-78.627481,-78.62733,-78.627156,-78.627087,-78.626929,-78.626798,-78.626665,-78.626524,-78.626441,-78.626342,-78.62611,-78.62602,-78.625947,-78.625892,-78.625854,-78.62585,-78.625862,-78.625891,-78.62594,-78.626434,-78.626602,-78.626769,-78.626955,-78.627001,-78.62732,-78.62737,-78.627407,-78.627428,-78.627429,-78.627411,-78.627392,-78.627185,-78.627013,-78.626982,-78.626961,-78.626963,-78.62699,-78.627176,-78.627248,-78.627271,-78.627279,-78.627281,-78.627275,-78.627253,-78.627126,-78.627064,-78.627033,-78.627029,-78.627057,-78.627061,-78.627055,-78.627,-78.626956,-78.626933,-78.626952,-78.626965,-78.626997,-78.627014,-78.627079,-78.627117,-78.627203,-78.627304,-78.627868,-78.627922,-78.628009,-78.628051,-78.62808,-78.628147,-78.628197,-78.628228,-78.628274,-78.628286,-78.628319,-78.628356,-78.62841,-78.628525,-78.628726,-78.628873,-78.628996,-78.629287,-78.629377,-78.62949,-78.629619,-78.629703,-78.629714,-78.629916,-78.630045,-78.63016,-78.630355,-78.630748,-78.631067,-78.631471,-78.631582,-78.631721,-78.631964,-78.63203,-78.632339,-78.632444,-78.632599,-78.633379,-78.633769,-78.633865,-78.633956,-78.633991,-78.634118,-78.634188,-78.63423,-78.634274,-78.634378,-78.634703,-78.635119,-78.635253,-78.635293,-78.635552,-78.63566,-78.635757,-78.636259,-78.636324,-78.636418,-78.636532,-78.636574,-78.636989,-78.637141,-78.63728,-78.637405,-78.63769,-78.637905,-78.638114,-78.638274,-78.638674,-78.638724,-78.638989,-78.639039,-78.639077,-78.639108,-78.639125,-78.639141,-78.63917,-78.639218,-78.639241,-78.639438,-78.639697,-78.639789,-78.639801,-78.639923,-78.64004,-78.640406,-78.64045,-78.640477,-78.64049,-78.640488,-78.640468,-78.640423,-78.640201,-78.640178,-78.64013,-78.640094,-78.640058,-78.640019,-78.639998,-78.639948,-78.639881,-78.639818,-78.639677,-78.638952,-78.637554,-78.637133,-78.637049,-78.636919,-78.636824,-78.636739,-78.636197,-78.636097,-78.636015,-78.63595,-78.635597,-78.635489,-78.63536,-78.635303,-78.635193,-78.636611,-78.637979,-78.638269,-78.638754,-78.639142,-78.639585,-78.639998,-78.64044,-78.640574,-78.641078,-78.64158,-78.641993,-78.642161,-78.642569,-78.642946,-78.643134,-78.64345,-78.643915,-78.644217,-78.644535,-78.644875,-78.64523,-78.645573,-78.645843,-78.646475,-78.648149,-78.649231,-78.649706,-78.649898,-78.650899,-78.651265,-78.651547,-78.652038,-78.652213,-78.65266,-78.652952,-78.653032,-78.654841,-78.655161,-78.655428,-78.655563,-78.655823,-78.656051,-78.656258,-78.656342,-78.65664,-78.656892,-78.65713,-78.657939,-78.659245,-78.659491,-78.659658,-78.660768,-78.66083,-78.661185,-78.661517,-78.661633,-78.661752,-78.661873,-78.66197,-78.662354,-78.662463,-78.662509,-78.663071,-78.663247,-78.663499,-78.66366,-78.663938,-78.6642,-78.665043,-78.665917,-78.666039,-78.666254,-78.666385,-78.666485,-78.666694,-78.666861,-78.667043,-78.667245,-78.668048,-78.668207,-78.668318,-78.668392,-78.668562,-78.668717,-78.669104,-78.670068,-78.6705,-78.671162,-78.671324,-78.67183,-78.672353,-78.672793,-78.673371,-78.673406,-78.673501,-78.673599,-78.673775,-78.673968,-78.6746,-78.675114,-78.675468,-78.676176,-78.67635,-78.676497,-78.676638,-78.676774,-78.676852,-78.677002,-78.677594,-78.677671,-78.677834,-78.677953,-78.678069,-78.6782,-78.678569,-78.67931,-78.679473,-78.679578,-78.679675,-78.680426,-78.680823,-78.681213,-78.68133,-78.681515,-78.681686,-78.681842,-78.682696,-78.683268,-78.683593,-78.683691,-78.683992,-78.684627,-78.684813,-78.684894,-78.684943,-78.685225,-78.685688,-78.68573,-78.685828,-78.686019,-78.686217,-78.686414,-78.686583,-78.686808,-78.687809,-78.688458,-78.688882,-78.689092,-78.689343,-78.689535,-78.690442,-78.691036,-78.691118,-78.691241,-78.691346,-78.691433,-78.691499,-78.691621,-78.69174,-78.691982,-78.692213,-78.692329,-78.692575,-78.692766,-78.693014,-78.693053,-78.693337,-78.693559,-78.693814,-78.694076,-78.694494,-78.694783,-78.694886,-78.695285,-78.695734,-78.696164,-78.697067,-78.69718,-78.697456,-78.698122,-78.698592,-78.698751,-78.699285,-78.699471,-78.699997,-78.700132,-78.70026,-78.700325,-78.700478,-78.700876,-78.701318,-78.701888,-78.702545,-78.703009,-78.70365,-78.703711,-78.703799,-78.703898,-78.704944,-78.705079,-78.705198,-78.705283,-78.705354,-78.706169,-78.706225,-78.706331,-78.70645,-78.70665,-78.706878,-78.707685,-78.708194,-78.70896,-78.70916,-78.709373,-78.709553,-78.710214,-78.710815,-78.710951,-78.711139,-78.711269,-78.711493,-78.711682,-78.711842,-78.712011,-78.712153,-78.712336,-78.712525,-78.712717,-78.712781,-78.712887,-78.712989,-78.713066,-78.713155,-78.713275,-78.71337,-78.713474,-78.713905,-78.714094,-78.715008,-78.715755,-78.715856,-78.71598,-78.716032,-78.716115,-78.716238,-78.716353,-78.716589,-78.716698,-78.716828,-78.716994,-78.717181,-78.717377,-78.717564,-78.717804,-78.718049,-78.718284,-78.718496,-78.718578,-78.718738,-78.718816,-78.718938,-78.719048,-78.719184,-78.719526,-78.719632,-78.719744,-78.719962,-78.720068,-78.72021,-78.720608,-78.72074,-78.720862,-78.721065,-78.721128,-78.721175,-78.721326,-78.721386,-78.721412,-78.721505,-78.721569,-78.721663,-78.721702,-78.721759,-78.721821,-78.721902,-78.721983,-78.722357,-78.722487,-78.722687,-78.723302,-78.723574,-78.723844,-78.723963,-78.724116,-78.724247,-78.724395,-78.724456,-78.724613,-78.724753,-78.724804,-78.724863,-78.724913,-78.724975,-78.725021,-78.725071,-78.725285,-78.72534,-78.725406,-78.725465,-78.725543,-78.725606,-78.725978,-78.726165,-78.727251,-78.727408,-78.728192,-78.728271,-78.728364,-78.728434,-78.728595,-78.728638,-78.728699,-78.728776,-78.728826,-78.728895,-78.729037,-78.729186,-78.72994,-78.730381,-78.730526,-78.730642,-78.730786,-78.731154,-78.731724,-78.731861,-78.731964,-78.732084,-78.732203,-78.732294,-78.732412,-78.732466,-78.732534,-78.732613,-78.732847,-78.732904,-78.733019,-78.733126,-78.73322,-78.733319,-78.733648,-78.733699,-78.733782,-78.733859,-78.733914,-78.733961,-78.733999,-78.734111,-78.734148,-78.734199,-78.734261,-78.734745,-78.734938,-78.735175,-78.736555,-78.736601,-78.736654,-78.736696,-78.736873,-78.736932,-78.73702,-78.737455,-78.737662,-78.737876,-78.738096,-78.738935,-78.739035,-78.739147,-78.739167,-78.739465,-78.739617,-78.739721,-78.74014,-78.7403,-78.740364,-78.740627,-78.740773,-78.740923,-78.741048,-78.741418,-78.741531,-78.741646,-78.74176,-78.741871,-78.742347,-78.74244,-78.742548,-78.742643,-78.742725,-78.74297,-78.743017,-78.743088,-78.743171,-78.743262,-78.743635,-78.744094,-78.744185,-78.7443,-78.744392,-78.744693,-78.744777,-78.744859,-78.745083,-78.745178,-78.745276,-78.745377,-78.745415,-78.745525,-78.745608,-78.745667,-78.74573,-78.745763,-78.745807,-78.745846,-78.745937,-78.745961,-78.746005,-78.746044,-78.746094,-78.746149,-78.746223,-78.746285,-78.746336,-78.746521,-78.746582,-78.746656,-78.746723,-78.746997,-78.747023,-78.747101,-78.747162,-78.747213,-78.747251,-78.747314,-78.747347,-78.747397,-78.747441,-78.74747,-78.747476,-78.747497,-78.747546,-78.747581,-78.747629,-78.747686,-78.747735,-78.747842,-78.747941,-78.74801,-78.748069,-78.748143,-78.748217,-78.748295,-78.748363,-78.748407,-78.748477,-78.748522,-78.748549,-78.748571,-78.748584,-78.74861,-78.748669,-78.748733,-78.748826,-78.748933,-78.749264,-78.749375,-78.749761,-78.749888,-78.749962,-78.750039,-78.750113,-78.750181,-78.750234,-78.750297,-78.750332,-78.75036,-78.750376,-78.750378,-78.750361,-78.750337,-78.750296,-78.750239,-78.750168,-78.750058,-78.75,-78.749956,-78.749933,-78.74992,-78.749954,-78.749972,-78.750006,-78.750064,-78.750121,-78.750183,-78.750256,-78.750627,-78.75073,-78.750827,-78.750881,-78.750929,-78.750966,-78.751077,-78.751116,-78.751165,-78.751209,-78.751273,-78.751319,-78.751537,-78.751622,-78.751716,-78.752108,-78.752178,-78.752312,-78.752514,-78.752589,-78.752671,-78.752761,-78.752858,-78.752968,-78.753037,-78.753079,-78.753108,-78.753112,-78.753105,-78.75291,-78.752905,-78.752905,-78.752923,-78.752956,-78.753012,-78.75307,-78.753126,-78.753209,-78.753554,-78.753757,-78.753874,-78.753946,-78.753965,-78.753989,-78.754023,-78.754075,-78.754151,-78.754246,-78.754286,-78.754377,-78.754423,-78.754459,-78.754659,-78.754855,-78.754915,-78.754976,-78.755374,-78.755391,-78.755991,-78.75604,-78.756116,-78.756205,-78.756805,-78.756945,-78.757079,-78.757236,-78.757538,-78.757679,-78.757834,-78.758044,-78.758139,-78.758269,-78.758382,-78.759846,-78.76007,-78.760299,-78.760379,-78.761758,-78.763039,-78.765424,-78.7655,-78.767914,-78.768752,-78.770709,-78.776345,-78.777108,-78.778036,-78.778341,-78.779983,-78.780182,-78.781531,-78.781954,-78.78208,-78.782193,-78.785031,-78.785194,-78.785451,-78.786012,-78.78668,-78.787283,-78.788575,-78.792317,-78.794285,-78.794485,-78.79774,-78.798615,-78.799405,-78.800106,-78.8014,-78.802415,-78.803022,-78.803846,-78.80559,-78.805852,-78.806148,-78.806325,-78.806922,-78.807041,-78.807185,-78.808274,-78.808825,-78.810157,-78.812897,-78.813113,-78.814044,-78.815754,-78.816796,-78.81727,-78.818174,-78.819394,-78.819709,-78.819775,-78.819807,-78.819907,-78.820027,-78.820125,-78.820663,-78.820842,-78.82134,-78.821825,-78.821918,-78.822274,-78.822704,-78.822847,-78.822961,-78.823314,-78.823497,-78.82384,-78.824622,-78.825856,-78.826249,-78.828065,-78.828709,-78.82928,-78.829358,-78.829735,-78.830075,-78.830126,-78.83046,-78.830574,-78.830645,-78.831014,-78.831178,-78.831724,-78.831778,-78.832472,-78.832779,-78.832802,-78.832842,-78.832958,-78.833277,-78.833434,-78.833657,-78.833692,-78.833706,-78.83371,-78.83408,-78.834176,-78.834563,-78.838874,-78.837013],"lat":[38.048258,38.050027,38.05016,38.051314,38.051435,38.052582,38.053502,38.053913,38.054025,38.054202,38.054113,38.054074,38.054427,38.054832,38.055286,38.055344,38.056025,38.05604,38.056443,38.057311,38.057836,38.05791,38.057962,38.058416,38.058749,38.059078,38.059231,38.059602,38.059686,38.0598,38.059855,38.059769,38.059664,38.05964,38.05963,38.059765,38.05986,38.060283,38.060296,38.060352,38.060594,38.060644,38.061343,38.061726,38.061543,38.061478,38.061729,38.061892,38.062193,38.06238,38.063096,38.06311,38.063184,38.063247,38.063204,38.06335,38.063548,38.06374,38.064145,38.064329,38.064649,38.064824,38.064972,38.065001,38.065088,38.065157,38.06552,38.065861,38.066024,38.066163,38.066325,38.066459,38.066477,38.066516,38.066555,38.066627,38.067076,38.0671,38.067469,38.068141,38.068719,38.069504,38.070436,38.070757,38.07082,38.071198,38.071836,38.072587,38.072628,38.072797,38.072874,38.072926,38.073074,38.073246,38.073327,38.07398,38.075455,38.076009,38.076033,38.076604,38.076732,38.076898,38.077511,38.077808,38.077838,38.077867,38.078096,38.078184,38.07831,38.079117,38.079582,38.079695,38.080532,38.080941,38.081111,38.08167,38.08158,38.081409,38.081193,38.081169,38.080736,38.080668,38.080757,38.081029,38.081247,38.081527,38.08203,38.082461,38.082604,38.082905,38.083083,38.08324,38.08347,38.084369,38.085554,38.086137,38.087004,38.087263,38.087742,38.087835,38.087883,38.08815,38.088921,38.089297,38.089516,38.089636,38.089806,38.089961,38.090045,38.090307,38.090705,38.090954,38.091206,38.091425,38.091807,38.092062,38.093217,38.094097,38.094137,38.094478,38.094982,38.095579,38.095877,38.096441,38.096555,38.096924,38.097185,38.097286,38.097648,38.097835,38.097862,38.097465,38.097376,38.097295,38.097248,38.097204,38.097166,38.09709,38.09701,38.096984,38.096886,38.096775,38.096683,38.096635,38.096343,38.096319,38.096303,38.096294,38.09629,38.096257,38.0962,38.096151,38.095869,38.095591,38.095382,38.095153,38.094867,38.094807,38.094781,38.094768,38.09478,38.094818,38.094857,38.094905,38.094961,38.095016,38.095096,38.095378,38.095438,38.095474,38.095489,38.095493,38.095479,38.095473,38.095455,38.09551,38.095519,38.095517,38.095417,38.095409,38.095388,38.095387,38.0954,38.09547,38.095679,38.095746,38.095801,38.095954,38.096115,38.096174,38.09622,38.096303,38.096329,38.096375,38.09647,38.096639,38.096794,38.097076,38.097148,38.097546,38.097666,38.09772,38.097799,38.097933,38.098033,38.098195,38.09827,38.098306,38.098375,38.098474,38.098748,38.09882,38.098901,38.098979,38.099127,38.099235,38.099251,38.099235,38.099168,38.09918,38.099202,38.099231,38.099273,38.099341,38.099429,38.099498,38.099769,38.099839,38.099897,38.099933,38.099949,38.100006,38.100038,38.100101,38.100309,38.10032,38.100316,38.100307,38.100311,38.100335,38.100354,38.100453,38.100714,38.100769,38.100803,38.100848,38.100876,38.10089,38.100898,38.100889,38.100869,38.100812,38.100735,38.100727,38.10073,38.100747,38.100764,38.100805,38.100864,38.10105,38.101708,38.1018,38.101859,38.102359,38.102729,38.103026,38.103185,38.103487,38.103681,38.103746,38.104404,38.104759,38.104978,38.105025,38.105058,38.105076,38.105088,38.105111,38.105144,38.105395,38.105616,38.105671,38.105727,38.10578,38.105835,38.10591,38.105961,38.106034,38.106089,38.106118,38.106441,38.106774,38.107277,38.107564,38.108316,38.108608,38.10898,38.109688,38.110312,38.110474,38.110583,38.110581,38.110162,38.109908,38.109607,38.109368,38.108506,38.108479,38.108462,38.108517,38.10855,38.108578,38.108567,38.108539,38.108484,38.108435,38.108292,38.108221,38.108133,38.108084,38.108073,38.10804,38.107996,38.107996,38.107946,38.107913,38.107881,38.107776,38.107672,38.10754,38.107496,38.107491,38.107447,38.107359,38.107359,38.107326,38.107244,38.107101,38.107073,38.107063,38.107041,38.10703,38.106991,38.106964,38.106936,38.106881,38.106815,38.106761,38.106634,38.106579,38.106502,38.106484,38.10647,38.106459,38.106439,38.106354,38.106244,38.106085,38.105986,38.105904,38.10586,38.10582,38.105774,38.105734,38.105618,38.105481,38.105363,38.1053,38.105146,38.10502,38.104899,38.104718,38.104602,38.104471,38.104361,38.104246,38.104158,38.104053,38.103993,38.10394,38.103893,38.10379,38.103766,38.103738,38.103708,38.103693,38.103543,38.103323,38.10323,38.103164,38.103125,38.103103,38.102988,38.102933,38.102845,38.102664,38.10262,38.102554,38.102543,38.102472,38.102351,38.102219,38.101879,38.10178,38.101456,38.101363,38.101291,38.101176,38.100934,38.100781,38.100462,38.100407,38.100341,38.100215,38.100144,38.100001,38.09994,38.099869,38.099852,38.099728,38.099693,38.099661,38.099621,38.099389,38.099172,38.099107,38.099035,38.098959,38.098852,38.098601,38.098405,38.098334,38.098257,38.098198,38.098126,38.097936,38.097517,38.097221,38.097023,38.096752,38.096216,38.095931,38.095681,38.095528,38.095427,38.095325,38.095267,38.095234,38.095278,38.095317,38.095355,38.095377,38.095394,38.095437,38.095465,38.095517,38.09556,38.095591,38.095685,38.095844,38.095893,38.095976,38.096091,38.096118,38.0963,38.096398,38.096437,38.096442,38.096409,38.09642,38.096464,38.096475,38.09647,38.096426,38.096393,38.096387,38.096372,38.096338,38.09631,38.096278,38.096234,38.096195,38.096168,38.096096,38.096077,38.096063,38.096052,38.096063,38.096168,38.096241,38.09625,38.096239,38.096223,38.096162,38.096085,38.095981,38.095833,38.095772,38.09573,38.095679,38.095651,38.095618,38.095596,38.095542,38.09552,38.095481,38.095465,38.095426,38.095388,38.09536,38.095382,38.095421,38.095459,38.09553,38.095569,38.095574,38.095569,38.095541,38.095492,38.095453,38.095398,38.095333,38.095168,38.095058,38.094998,38.094926,38.094893,38.094882,38.094899,38.09491,38.094904,38.094866,38.094822,38.094811,38.094822,38.094816,38.094827,38.094833,38.094859,38.094942,38.095096,38.095184,38.095195,38.095189,38.095167,38.09514,38.095074,38.095003,38.09497,38.094959,38.094926,38.094905,38.094904,38.094854,38.094849,38.094854,38.094876,38.094897,38.094904,38.095019,38.095085,38.095189,38.095293,38.095348,38.095398,38.09542,38.095431,38.095425,38.09537,38.095326,38.095304,38.095304,38.095332,38.095403,38.095409,38.095398,38.095332,38.095238,38.095145,38.095101,38.095018,38.094985,38.094952,38.094854,38.094826,38.094804,38.094793,38.094782,38.094738,38.094711,38.094683,38.09465,38.094628,38.094606,38.09459,38.094447,38.094266,38.094183,38.094161,38.094101,38.094057,38.09404,38.093953,38.093854,38.0937,38.093661,38.093629,38.093574,38.093535,38.093447,38.093381,38.093315,38.093185,38.093178,38.093085,38.09303,38.092964,38.092903,38.092832,38.092821,38.092788,38.092916,38.092871,38.09292,38.092952,38.093138,38.093211,38.09332,38.093364,38.093408,38.09343,38.093518,38.093573,38.093726,38.093787,38.093853,38.093941,38.094006,38.094067,38.094221,38.09433,38.094398,38.09442,38.094337,38.094269,38.094186,38.094093,38.093957,38.09382,38.09372,38.093321,38.093293,38.093215,38.093033,38.093002,38.09284,38.092783,38.092746,38.092733,38.092516,38.092407,38.092367,38.09236,38.092328,38.092287,38.09225,38.092228,38.092203,38.092182,38.092152,38.092127,38.092091,38.092053,38.091984,38.091912,38.091796,38.091354,38.090627,38.090411,38.090232,38.090141,38.090051,38.089961,38.089666,38.089591,38.089468,38.089357,38.0892,38.089087,38.089045,38.088885,38.088851,38.088792,38.088712,38.08862,38.08849,38.088385,38.088336,38.088276,38.088212,38.088142,38.088007,38.087973,38.087949,38.087907,38.087882,38.087828,38.087719,38.08742,38.087192,38.087109,38.087031,38.08696,38.086882,38.08681,38.086765,38.086689,38.08668,38.08664,38.086586,38.086533,38.086392,38.085946,38.085309,38.084991,38.084945,38.084782,38.084614,38.084515,38.08438,38.084293,38.084181,38.08409,38.084026,38.083945,38.083899,38.083844,38.083732,38.083664,38.083564,38.083406,38.08325,38.083114,38.082975,38.082685,38.082474,38.082326,38.082208,38.081992,38.08191,38.081757,38.081617,38.081408,38.081125,38.081084,38.080797,38.080329,38.079899,38.079842,38.079628,38.079509,38.079392,38.079245,38.078915,38.078762,38.078676,38.078597,38.078335,38.078163,38.078107,38.077961,38.07791,38.077818,38.077728,38.07767,38.077614,38.077559,38.077537,38.077529,38.077352,38.077266,38.077277,38.077309,38.077337,38.07735,38.077354,38.077331,38.077107,38.075331,38.074276,38.072891,38.072494,38.072056,38.072047,38.071955,38.072042,38.072133,38.072225,38.072391,38.072995,38.073998,38.074326,38.074674,38.074747,38.074685,38.074657,38.074614,38.074527,38.074489,38.074273,38.072998,38.072579,38.072182,38.072175,38.072167,38.07214,38.07211,38.072073,38.071975,38.071865,38.071765,38.071685,38.071581,38.07149,38.071282,38.070874,38.070824,38.07074,38.070658,38.07061,38.070572,38.070532,38.070507,38.070484,38.070454,38.070441,38.070418,38.070399,38.070356,38.070294,38.070237,38.070045,38.069802,38.06971,38.069514,38.068572,38.067582,38.067491,38.066964,38.066703,38.066147,38.065587,38.065423,38.064813,38.064519,38.064483,38.064354,38.0642,38.064103,38.063941,38.06318,38.062949,38.062462,38.062306,38.061604,38.058599,38.05435,38.053529,38.051734,38.051098,38.047684,38.04697,38.046946,38.046864,38.046812,38.046669,38.04652,38.046428,38.046382,38.046328,38.046249,38.046018,38.045921,38.045667,38.045392,38.045187,38.044755,38.044658,38.043959,38.043301,38.042914,38.042564,38.042449,38.042431,38.04226,38.042066,38.041905,38.041632,38.041186,38.040978,38.04067,38.040378,38.040227,38.039425,38.039091,38.039062,38.038132,38.037419,38.03718,38.036969,38.036352,38.035237,38.034922,38.034623,38.034324,38.034045,38.033879,38.03334,38.033191,38.032833,38.032748,38.032636,38.032489,38.032467,38.032344,38.03226,38.032134,38.032058,38.032008,38.031928,38.031855,38.031801,38.031325,38.03132,38.031313,38.031142,38.031077,38.030797,38.030644,38.030587,38.03058,38.030567,38.030576,38.030593,38.030643,38.030691,38.03072,38.030819,38.030926,38.031371,38.031641,38.03178,38.031962,38.032232,38.032403,38.032502,38.033122,38.033191,38.032686,38.032331,38.032148,38.03187,38.031716,38.031566,38.031377,38.031167,38.030585,38.030283,38.030167,38.029988,38.029737,38.02945,38.02853,38.027993,38.027772,38.026372,38.026175,38.025685,38.025635,38.025156,38.024461,38.024019,38.023452,38.023347,38.022807,38.022611,38.022106,38.021881,38.02162,38.021568,38.021482,38.02142,38.021374,38.021135,38.020997,38.020934,38.020763,38.020673,38.020558,38.020465,38.020239,38.020047,38.019928,38.019824,38.019743,38.019684,38.019592,38.01954,38.019427,38.019279,38.018986,38.018787,38.018479,38.017838,38.017775,38.017477,38.017371,38.01729,38.017131,38.017052,38.016925,38.016765,38.016688,38.016478,38.016286,38.016055,38.015849,38.01573,38.015595,38.015295,38.015155,38.01501,38.014859,38.014511,38.013517,38.01331,38.013173,38.013036,38.012075,38.011712,38.011352,38.010974,38.010863,38.009995,38.009885,38.00975,38.009592,38.009448,38.009305,38.009224,38.008629,38.008107,38.007958,38.007691,38.007545,38.007276,38.006319,38.005975,38.005825,38.005714,38.005686,38.005558,38.005421,38.004965,38.004744,38.004501,38.004297,38.00388,38.003731,38.003531,38.002715,38.001908,38.001055,38.000365,38.000238,38.000112,38.000064,37.999934,37.999872,37.999757,37.999649,37.999156,37.999109,37.999017,37.998961,37.998916,37.998784,37.998658,37.998528,37.997798,37.997719,37.997577,37.99749,37.997408,37.997278,37.997054,37.99687,37.996675,37.996098,37.995882,37.99554,37.995179,37.994946,37.994917,37.994367,37.994076,37.993847,37.993425,37.992624,37.991969,37.99121,37.991012,37.990744,37.990197,37.990047,37.989299,37.989086,37.988828,37.987581,37.986978,37.986781,37.986537,37.986393,37.985985,37.985776,37.985669,37.98557,37.985369,37.984678,37.983787,37.983478,37.983378,37.982675,37.982433,37.982251,37.981421,37.981326,37.981214,37.981106,37.981071,37.98079,37.980674,37.980548,37.980414,37.98005,37.979742,37.979443,37.979186,37.978432,37.978356,37.977958,37.977868,37.977775,37.977654,37.977309,37.977187,37.977054,37.976924,37.976879,37.97652,37.976112,37.975989,37.975973,37.97584,37.975732,37.975439,37.975382,37.975319,37.97523,37.975171,37.975114,37.975053,37.974853,37.974825,37.974752,37.974657,37.974436,37.974239,37.974176,37.974075,37.97398,37.973924,37.973813,37.973377,37.972545,37.97229,37.972233,37.972129,37.972039,37.971943,37.971194,37.971041,37.970882,37.970717,37.969445,37.969095,37.968669,37.968479,37.968079,37.968168,37.968273,37.968292,37.96831,37.968314,37.968305,37.968282,37.968241,37.968226,37.968157,37.968067,37.967977,37.967935,37.967832,37.967721,37.967661,37.967552,37.967373,37.967244,37.967097,37.966925,37.966732,37.966528,37.966353,37.965911,37.964718,37.963941,37.9636,37.963466,37.962764,37.96253,37.962364,37.9621,37.962006,37.961782,37.96165,37.961619,37.96091,37.960762,37.960618,37.960541,37.960385,37.960232,37.960078,37.960012,37.959757,37.95952,37.959275,37.958305,37.95675,37.956457,37.956254,37.954901,37.954826,37.954403,37.953993,37.953836,37.953648,37.953414,37.953173,37.95193,37.95154,37.951402,37.949586,37.949082,37.948427,37.948058,37.947485,37.946991,37.945521,37.944017,37.943796,37.943433,37.943226,37.943075,37.942779,37.942573,37.942375,37.942182,37.941495,37.941348,37.941235,37.941155,37.940954,37.940746,37.940142,37.938576,37.937878,37.936814,37.936553,37.935735,37.934894,37.934186,37.933251,37.933194,37.93304,37.932869,37.932588,37.932315,37.931521,37.930894,37.930461,37.929593,37.929354,37.929128,37.928886,37.928618,37.928437,37.928077,37.926562,37.926358,37.925952,37.925683,37.925462,37.925247,37.924732,37.923785,37.923591,37.923478,37.92338,37.922696,37.922354,37.922017,37.921925,37.921763,37.921591,37.921411,37.920279,37.91953,37.919103,37.918976,37.91858,37.917728,37.917447,37.917314,37.917229,37.916701,37.915805,37.915727,37.915547,37.915231,37.914938,37.914676,37.914472,37.914224,37.913327,37.912763,37.912359,37.912147,37.911853,37.911599,37.91026,37.909369,37.909233,37.909003,37.908766,37.908526,37.908305,37.907891,37.90745,37.906445,37.905632,37.905288,37.904649,37.904207,37.903699,37.90362,37.903046,37.902628,37.902188,37.901755,37.901106,37.900692,37.900748,37.901024,37.901334,37.90164,37.902381,37.902472,37.902677,37.90312,37.903427,37.903545,37.904012,37.904184,37.904623,37.904735,37.904841,37.9049,37.905054,37.905528,37.906063,37.906753,37.907551,37.908123,37.908872,37.908928,37.908989,37.909038,37.909402,37.909471,37.909556,37.909638,37.909728,37.911111,37.911183,37.911297,37.911403,37.911545,37.911716,37.912407,37.912843,37.913503,37.913663,37.913813,37.913925,37.914288,37.914648,37.914744,37.914899,37.915023,37.915219,37.915368,37.915456,37.915533,37.915584,37.915637,37.915675,37.9157,37.9157,37.91571,37.915735,37.915764,37.915811,37.915905,37.915969,37.916026,37.916217,37.916301,37.916738,37.917117,37.917178,37.917272,37.91732,37.917414,37.917555,37.917713,37.918034,37.918148,37.918249,37.918343,37.918431,37.918506,37.918561,37.918615,37.918655,37.918675,37.918704,37.918723,37.918773,37.91881,37.918881,37.918965,37.919102,37.91951,37.91961,37.919694,37.91986,37.919926,37.919996,37.920142,37.9202,37.92027,37.920411,37.920475,37.920547,37.920904,37.921035,37.921075,37.921186,37.921245,37.921317,37.92134,37.921364,37.92138,37.921388,37.921382,37.921285,37.921257,37.921233,37.921212,37.921218,37.92124,37.921259,37.921298,37.921342,37.921406,37.921441,37.921553,37.921674,37.921704,37.921721,37.921725,37.921717,37.921701,37.92167,37.921411,37.921364,37.921329,37.921309,37.921296,37.921298,37.92132,37.921322,37.921236,37.92122,37.921102,37.921102,37.92112,37.92115,37.921271,37.921294,37.921312,37.921315,37.921306,37.92128,37.921234,37.921201,37.9211,37.921049,37.921036,37.921037,37.92105,37.921148,37.921326,37.921378,37.921429,37.921502,37.921595,37.921682,37.92185,37.92191,37.92196,37.921998,37.922066,37.922082,37.922127,37.922179,37.922213,37.922233,37.92225,37.922245,37.922226,37.922194,37.92216,37.92212,37.922074,37.921792,37.921742,37.9217,37.921669,37.921535,37.921495,37.921465,37.921418,37.921411,37.92139,37.921358,37.921098,37.921033,37.920968,37.920758,37.920683,37.920623,37.920578,37.920466,37.920466,37.920481,37.920484,37.920576,37.920606,37.920615,37.920604,37.920612,37.920619,37.920678,37.920705,37.920711,37.9207,37.920606,37.920588,37.920583,37.920593,37.920617,37.92077,37.920808,37.920866,37.920936,37.921017,37.921403,37.921452,37.921504,37.921545,37.921572,37.921627,37.921734,37.921747,37.92175,37.921741,37.92168,37.921679,37.921693,37.92179,37.921817,37.921831,37.921831,37.921825,37.921794,37.921754,37.921714,37.921655,37.921612,37.921543,37.921452,37.921058,37.921003,37.92094,37.920908,37.920887,37.920879,37.920888,37.920911,37.920945,37.921166,37.921223,37.921269,37.921296,37.921365,37.921368,37.921362,37.921341,37.921309,37.921266,37.921114,37.921045,37.920983,37.920918,37.920833,37.920594,37.920514,37.920436,37.920396,37.920367,37.92035,37.920347,37.920361,37.920389,37.920419,37.920436,37.920436,37.920418,37.920384,37.920338,37.920294,37.920182,37.920073,37.919961,37.919665,37.919605,37.919527,37.919415,37.919329,37.919229,37.919138,37.918903,37.918836,37.918648,37.918596,37.918583,37.918583,37.918598,37.918626,37.91868,37.91877,37.918852,37.918982,37.919107,37.919264,37.919421,37.919499,37.919571,37.919637,37.919693,37.919752,37.919797,37.919851,37.919899,37.919962,37.920268,37.920315,37.920356,37.920393,37.920411,37.920416,37.920404,37.920268,37.920243,37.920234,37.920244,37.920267,37.9203,37.920477,37.920507,37.920525,37.92053,37.920521,37.920498,37.920309,37.920241,37.920181,37.919978,37.919938,37.919851,37.919702,37.919668,37.919648,37.919642,37.919651,37.919681,37.919733,37.919787,37.919858,37.919902,37.919944,37.920345,37.920363,37.920408,37.920452,37.92049,37.920522,37.920536,37.92054,37.920528,37.920397,37.92032,37.920276,37.920267,37.91974,37.919618,37.919532,37.919452,37.919371,37.919294,37.91927,37.919216,37.919177,37.919133,37.918725,37.918318,37.918211,37.91813,37.917725,37.917705,37.916996,37.916932,37.91686,37.916799,37.916532,37.916464,37.916388,37.916283,37.91603,37.915894,37.915746,37.915542,37.915459,37.915363,37.915294,37.914556,37.914459,37.914372,37.914346,37.916686,37.91886,37.922906,37.923034,37.927129,37.92855,37.931869,37.941428,37.942722,37.944293,37.944812,37.947593,37.947929,37.950214,37.950932,37.951146,37.951337,37.956149,37.956425,37.95686,37.957812,37.958944,37.959933,37.962021,37.968073,37.971253,37.971579,37.976768,37.978167,37.97943,37.980553,37.982628,37.984247,37.985262,37.986532,37.989444,37.989897,37.990395,37.990712,37.99174,37.991942,37.992186,37.994013,37.994937,37.997237,38.002094,38.002484,38.004075,38.00695,38.008825,38.009675,38.011257,38.013367,38.013908,38.014023,38.014078,38.01425,38.014457,38.014625,38.015754,38.016159,38.017286,38.018151,38.018321,38.018953,38.019674,38.019913,38.020103,38.020696,38.021003,38.021576,38.022747,38.024774,38.025438,38.02851,38.029655,38.03067,38.030809,38.031478,38.032098,38.032211,38.03282,38.033028,38.033182,38.033916,38.03425,38.035204,38.035298,38.036512,38.037037,38.037074,38.037143,38.037361,38.037918,38.038191,38.038581,38.038633,38.038655,38.038664,38.039288,38.039449,38.040098,38.04737,38.048258]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.696703,-78.696132,-78.695807,-78.695294,-78.694946,-78.694783,-78.694494,-78.694076,-78.693814,-78.693559,-78.693337,-78.693053,-78.693014,-78.692766,-78.692575,-78.692329,-78.692213,-78.691982,-78.69174,-78.691621,-78.691499,-78.691433,-78.691346,-78.691241,-78.691118,-78.691036,-78.690442,-78.689535,-78.689343,-78.689092,-78.688882,-78.688458,-78.687809,-78.686808,-78.686583,-78.686414,-78.686217,-78.686019,-78.685828,-78.68573,-78.685688,-78.685225,-78.684943,-78.684894,-78.684813,-78.684627,-78.683992,-78.683691,-78.683593,-78.683268,-78.682696,-78.681842,-78.681686,-78.681515,-78.68133,-78.681213,-78.680823,-78.680426,-78.679675,-78.679578,-78.679473,-78.67931,-78.678569,-78.6782,-78.678069,-78.677953,-78.677834,-78.677671,-78.677594,-78.677002,-78.676852,-78.676774,-78.676638,-78.676497,-78.67635,-78.676176,-78.675468,-78.675114,-78.6746,-78.673968,-78.673775,-78.673599,-78.673501,-78.673406,-78.673371,-78.672793,-78.672353,-78.67183,-78.671324,-78.671162,-78.6705,-78.670068,-78.669104,-78.668717,-78.668562,-78.668392,-78.668318,-78.668207,-78.668048,-78.667245,-78.667043,-78.666861,-78.666694,-78.666485,-78.666385,-78.666254,-78.666039,-78.665917,-78.665043,-78.6642,-78.663938,-78.66366,-78.663499,-78.663247,-78.663071,-78.662509,-78.662463,-78.662354,-78.66197,-78.661873,-78.661752,-78.661633,-78.661517,-78.661185,-78.66083,-78.660768,-78.659658,-78.659491,-78.659245,-78.657939,-78.65713,-78.656892,-78.65664,-78.656342,-78.656258,-78.656051,-78.655823,-78.655563,-78.655428,-78.655161,-78.654841,-78.653032,-78.652952,-78.65266,-78.652213,-78.652038,-78.651547,-78.651265,-78.650899,-78.649898,-78.649706,-78.649231,-78.648149,-78.646475,-78.645843,-78.645573,-78.64523,-78.644875,-78.644535,-78.644217,-78.643915,-78.64345,-78.643134,-78.642946,-78.642569,-78.642161,-78.641993,-78.64158,-78.641078,-78.640574,-78.64044,-78.639998,-78.639585,-78.639142,-78.638754,-78.638269,-78.637979,-78.636611,-78.635193,-78.635303,-78.63536,-78.635489,-78.635597,-78.63595,-78.636015,-78.636097,-78.636197,-78.636739,-78.636824,-78.636919,-78.637049,-78.637133,-78.637554,-78.638952,-78.639677,-78.639818,-78.639881,-78.639948,-78.639998,-78.640019,-78.640058,-78.640094,-78.64013,-78.640178,-78.640201,-78.640423,-78.640468,-78.640488,-78.64049,-78.640477,-78.64045,-78.640406,-78.64004,-78.639923,-78.639801,-78.639789,-78.639697,-78.639438,-78.639241,-78.639218,-78.63917,-78.639141,-78.639125,-78.639108,-78.639077,-78.639039,-78.638989,-78.638724,-78.638674,-78.638274,-78.638114,-78.637905,-78.63769,-78.637405,-78.63728,-78.637141,-78.636989,-78.636574,-78.636532,-78.636418,-78.636324,-78.636259,-78.635757,-78.63566,-78.635552,-78.635293,-78.635253,-78.635119,-78.634703,-78.634378,-78.634274,-78.63423,-78.634188,-78.634118,-78.633991,-78.633956,-78.633865,-78.633769,-78.633379,-78.632599,-78.632444,-78.632339,-78.63203,-78.631964,-78.631721,-78.631582,-78.631471,-78.631067,-78.630748,-78.630355,-78.63016,-78.630045,-78.629916,-78.629714,-78.629703,-78.629619,-78.62949,-78.629377,-78.629287,-78.628996,-78.628873,-78.628726,-78.628525,-78.62841,-78.628356,-78.628319,-78.628286,-78.628274,-78.628228,-78.628197,-78.628147,-78.62808,-78.628051,-78.628009,-78.627922,-78.627868,-78.627304,-78.627203,-78.627117,-78.627079,-78.627014,-78.626997,-78.626965,-78.626952,-78.626933,-78.626956,-78.627,-78.627055,-78.627061,-78.627057,-78.627029,-78.627033,-78.627064,-78.627126,-78.627253,-78.627275,-78.627281,-78.627279,-78.627271,-78.627248,-78.627176,-78.62699,-78.626963,-78.626961,-78.626982,-78.627013,-78.627185,-78.627392,-78.627411,-78.627429,-78.627428,-78.627407,-78.62737,-78.62732,-78.627001,-78.626955,-78.626769,-78.626602,-78.626434,-78.62594,-78.625891,-78.625862,-78.62585,-78.625854,-78.625892,-78.625947,-78.62602,-78.62611,-78.626342,-78.626441,-78.626524,-78.626665,-78.626798,-78.626929,-78.627087,-78.627156,-78.62733,-78.627481,-78.627586,-78.627777,-78.62785,-78.627917,-78.628051,-78.628073,-78.628402,-78.628584,-78.628721,-78.628928,-78.629072,-78.629207,-78.629255,-78.629321,-78.629353,-78.629387,-78.629413,-78.629423,-78.629422,-78.629399,-78.629396,-78.629409,-78.629432,-78.629478,-78.629493,-78.62954,-78.629634,-78.629656,-78.629688,-78.629739,-78.629773,-78.629954,-78.630123,-78.630503,-78.630658,-78.631055,-78.631127,-78.631526,-78.631787,-78.632224,-78.632534,-78.63257,-78.632862,-78.632987,-78.633856,-78.633988,-78.63434,-78.634906,-78.635089,-78.635279,-78.635443,-78.635527,-78.635705,-78.636092,-78.636205,-78.636297,-78.636351,-78.636388,-78.636446,-78.636484,-78.636543,-78.636637,-78.636223,-78.634996,-78.63447,-78.633316,-78.63297,-78.632315,-78.632071,-78.631938,-78.63166,-78.631481,-78.63126,-78.631072,-78.630892,-78.630784,-78.630595,-78.630325,-78.63004,-78.62978,-78.628543,-78.627158,-78.626962,-78.62648,-78.626271,-78.626055,-78.625836,-78.625524,-78.625047,-78.624913,-78.624666,-78.624473,-78.624276,-78.623811,-78.623489,-78.622509,-78.621762,-78.619423,-78.617674,-78.616706,-78.616161,-78.615616,-78.614916,-78.614537,-78.613805,-78.612708,-78.612555,-78.612166,-78.611344,-78.610671,-78.609773,-78.608989,-78.608279,-78.607727,-78.607356,-78.606658,-78.605717,-78.604946,-78.6043,-78.603932,-78.60321,-78.602409,-78.602012,-78.60185,-78.601256,-78.601072,-78.600739,-78.600244,-78.600229,-78.59958,-78.599006,-78.59859,-78.598353,-78.598111,-78.597583,-78.597257,-78.597036,-78.596694,-78.596275,-78.593563,-78.592166,-78.59159,-78.590544,-78.5903,-78.589761,-78.588766,-78.585943,-78.584811,-78.582758,-78.581568,-78.58109,-78.580478,-78.579611,-78.578967,-78.578202,-78.577816,-78.577408,-78.576762,-78.576237,-78.575576,-78.575347,-78.574745,-78.574384,-78.573827,-78.573266,-78.572341,-78.571718,-78.571068,-78.570378,-78.569334,-78.568465,-78.56771,-78.564263,-78.562315,-78.562258,-78.560399,-78.558594,-78.55721,-78.556647,-78.555545,-78.553888,-78.552097,-78.549381,-78.547547,-78.546023,-78.545504,-78.544985,-78.544801,-78.54425,-78.543684,-78.543116,-78.542612,-78.542314,-78.541204,-78.541109,-78.54033,-78.539989,-78.539173,-78.538691,-78.537903,-78.537412,-78.537147,-78.536821,-78.536703,-78.535472,-78.534877,-78.53423,-78.53303,-78.531787,-78.531629,-78.531201,-78.530908,-78.530627,-78.530358,-78.530109,-78.529912,-78.529886,-78.529676,-78.529482,-78.529268,-78.529106,-78.528961,-78.528846,-78.528832,-78.528742,-78.52851,-78.528409,-78.52785,-78.527763,-78.527131,-78.526719,-78.52665,-78.524672,-78.52386,-78.523646,-78.523133,-78.523035,-78.523067,-78.523152,-78.52323,-78.523344,-78.523356,-78.523352,-78.523341,-78.523352,-78.523377,-78.52341,-78.523451,-78.523487,-78.523499,-78.523562,-78.523609,-78.523631,-78.523636,-78.523635,-78.523634,-78.52368,-78.523708,-78.523546,-78.523507,-78.523478,-78.52343,-78.523438,-78.523445,-78.523472,-78.523514,-78.523542,-78.523386,-78.523317,-78.523279,-78.5228,-78.522566,-78.52244,-78.522429,-78.522294,-78.522231,-78.522216,-78.522175,-78.522105,-78.52205,-78.521981,-78.521906,-78.521822,-78.521767,-78.521726,-78.521673,-78.521605,-78.521562,-78.521498,-78.521461,-78.521385,-78.521351,-78.521297,-78.521236,-78.521188,-78.521135,-78.521077,-78.521012,-78.520923,-78.520852,-78.520794,-78.520764,-78.520736,-78.520718,-78.520725,-78.520717,-78.520703,-78.52068,-78.520647,-78.520613,-78.520556,-78.520528,-78.520459,-78.520397,-78.520375,-78.520437,-78.520481,-78.520521,-78.520636,-78.52079,-78.521219,-78.521327,-78.521415,-78.521546,-78.521669,-78.521885,-78.5219,-78.522372,-78.522631,-78.522862,-78.523089,-78.52321,-78.523336,-78.523443,-78.523583,-78.523682,-78.523897,-78.524207,-78.524277,-78.524353,-78.524416,-78.524491,-78.52471,-78.525064,-78.525376,-78.52557,-78.52579,-78.525944,-78.526088,-78.526149,-78.526336,-78.526384,-78.526402,-78.526442,-78.526511,-78.526612,-78.526647,-78.526655,-78.526682,-78.526742,-78.527049,-78.527103,-78.527136,-78.527229,-78.527269,-78.527348,-78.527538,-78.527752,-78.527802,-78.527844,-78.527867,-78.527902,-78.527912,-78.527908,-78.527886,-78.527847,-78.527645,-78.527455,-78.527198,-78.526941,-78.526791,-78.526648,-78.526339,-78.526219,-78.526134,-78.526096,-78.526053,-78.526026,-78.525981,-78.525938,-78.525866,-78.525763,-78.525951,-78.526194,-78.52638,-78.526454,-78.526644,-78.527,-78.527196,-78.527298,-78.527475,-78.527689,-78.528063,-78.528724,-78.528915,-78.529116,-78.529161,-78.529188,-78.529204,-78.529204,-78.529199,-78.529175,-78.529036,-78.528958,-78.528926,-78.528855,-78.528709,-78.528546,-78.528516,-78.528503,-78.528508,-78.528531,-78.528584,-78.528638,-78.528658,-78.528869,-78.529093,-78.529246,-78.52938,-78.529516,-78.529665,-78.529891,-78.530094,-78.53035,-78.530506,-78.530678,-78.530806,-78.530921,-78.531199,-78.531889,-78.532033,-78.532226,-78.532488,-78.533044,-78.533527,-78.534207,-78.534727,-78.534917,-78.535095,-78.535194,-78.535285,-78.535434,-78.535539,-78.535662,-78.535894,-78.536167,-78.536403,-78.536538,-78.536828,-78.537045,-78.537174,-78.537269,-78.537509,-78.537569,-78.538003,-78.538375,-78.538392,-78.538478,-78.538555,-78.53879,-78.539032,-78.53916,-78.539331,-78.539804,-78.540171,-78.540238,-78.540444,-78.54057,-78.540796,-78.541288,-78.541569,-78.541816,-78.541994,-78.542174,-78.542249,-78.542461,-78.542642,-78.543311,-78.543353,-78.543853,-78.544021,-78.544125,-78.54426,-78.544312,-78.544421,-78.544858,-78.544939,-78.545002,-78.545052,-78.545086,-78.545105,-78.545181,-78.545257,-78.545331,-78.545808,-78.546096,-78.546196,-78.546289,-78.54642,-78.546516,-78.546613,-78.546665,-78.546724,-78.546773,-78.546826,-78.54689,-78.546955,-78.547031,-78.547117,-78.547191,-78.547286,-78.547637,-78.54776,-78.547899,-78.547995,-78.548041,-78.548111,-78.548195,-78.548433,-78.548749,-78.549026,-78.549277,-78.549381,-78.549595,-78.549815,-78.550054,-78.550933,-78.551363,-78.551799,-78.552065,-78.552551,-78.552939,-78.553351,-78.553894,-78.554645,-78.554818,-78.555107,-78.555398,-78.555692,-78.555813,-78.556082,-78.556539,-78.556754,-78.557037,-78.557206,-78.557336,-78.557491,-78.558001,-78.558109,-78.558346,-78.558528,-78.558671,-78.558854,-78.559004,-78.559184,-78.559365,-78.559546,-78.559748,-78.560603,-78.560844,-78.560987,-78.561578,-78.561766,-78.561956,-78.562182,-78.562216,-78.562321,-78.562419,-78.562513,-78.562757,-78.562968,-78.563326,-78.563537,-78.563709,-78.563867,-78.564164,-78.564321,-78.564439,-78.564591,-78.564703,-78.564744,-78.565015,-78.565655,-78.565734,-78.565871,-78.565994,-78.566436,-78.566824,-78.567164,-78.567633,-78.56777,-78.567921,-78.568366,-78.569618,-78.56989,-78.570402,-78.570574,-78.570748,-78.570908,-78.57117,-78.571935,-78.572805,-78.572913,-78.573262,-78.573425,-78.573794,-78.57452,-78.575039,-78.575424,-78.575669,-78.575988,-78.576078,-78.576254,-78.576348,-78.576765,-78.576847,-78.577304,-78.577379,-78.577443,-78.577507,-78.577617,-78.577645,-78.577705,-78.578068,-78.578414,-78.578773,-78.578977,-78.579134,-78.579232,-78.579315,-78.579412,-78.579471,-78.580662,-78.580758,-78.58096,-78.581196,-78.581284,-78.582033,-78.582081,-78.582163,-78.582211,-78.582243,-78.582306,-78.582349,-78.582519,-78.582971,-78.583026,-78.583043,-78.583044,-78.583036,-78.583045,-78.583072,-78.583106,-78.583174,-78.583249,-78.583345,-78.583438,-78.583819,-78.583968,-78.584424,-78.584664,-78.584872,-78.58578,-78.586828,-78.586935,-78.587053,-78.587255,-78.587394,-78.587546,-78.588055,-78.588234,-78.588336,-78.588746,-78.588803,-78.588883,-78.589007,-78.589154,-78.589239,-78.589402,-78.589536,-78.590373,-78.590475,-78.590762,-78.590914,-78.591095,-78.591184,-78.591239,-78.591344,-78.591417,-78.591479,-78.591522,-78.591547,-78.591573,-78.591588,-78.59162,-78.591679,-78.591756,-78.591844,-78.591902,-78.592002,-78.592086,-78.592201,-78.592289,-78.592485,-78.592581,-78.592674,-78.592748,-78.592994,-78.592651,-78.592509,-78.592326,-78.592053,-78.591733,-78.591248,-78.590967,-78.590578,-78.590337,-78.590044,-78.589882,-78.589688,-78.589506,-78.589402,-78.588936,-78.588681,-78.58846,-78.58768,-78.587243,-78.587028,-78.586894,-78.586419,-78.586171,-78.585234,-78.585156,-78.585065,-78.585001,-78.584932,-78.584869,-78.584836,-78.584821,-78.584825,-78.584837,-78.584871,-78.584915,-78.584939,-78.584954,-78.584948,-78.584922,-78.584913,-78.584876,-78.584813,-78.584767,-78.584615,-78.58458,-78.584552,-78.584507,-78.584488,-78.584487,-78.584502,-78.584535,-78.584596,-78.584664,-78.584745,-78.585645,-78.585731,-78.585802,-78.585943,-78.585981,-78.586055,-78.586113,-78.586176,-78.58626,-78.586591,-78.586705,-78.586792,-78.586894,-78.587001,-78.587062,-78.587103,-78.587165,-78.587198,-78.587212,-78.58721,-78.587185,-78.587155,-78.587104,-78.58701,-78.586931,-78.586482,-78.586324,-78.585503,-78.585333,-78.585221,-78.585425,-78.585896,-78.586045,-78.586311,-78.586574,-78.586639,-78.586751,-78.586909,-78.587121,-78.587333,-78.587936,-78.588023,-78.58816,-78.588419,-78.588868,-78.58923,-78.589358,-78.589493,-78.589631,-78.589776,-78.589927,-78.590446,-78.590699,-78.591219,-78.591361,-78.591776,-78.59208,-78.592385,-78.593242,-78.594088,-78.594212,-78.594581,-78.595078,-78.595225,-78.595401,-78.595567,-78.595721,-78.5963,-78.596579,-78.597309,-78.597504,-78.597797,-78.598557,-78.598743,-78.598892,-78.599056,-78.599095,-78.599259,-78.599528,-78.599752,-78.599963,-78.600536,-78.601135,-78.601365,-78.601618,-78.601905,-78.601993,-78.602106,-78.60237,-78.602898,-78.603706,-78.605066,-78.605158,-78.605635,-78.60595,-78.606118,-78.6064,-78.606676,-78.606785,-78.606963,-78.607245,-78.607306,-78.607384,-78.60767,-78.608528,-78.608945,-78.610076,-78.610157,-78.610409,-78.610837,-78.611271,-78.61176,-78.611793,-78.61206,-78.613536,-78.613664,-78.613864,-78.614155,-78.614409,-78.615045,-78.61518,-78.615304,-78.615414,-78.615726,-78.61601,-78.616699,-78.616833,-78.617205,-78.617343,-78.617492,-78.617585,-78.61762,-78.617695,-78.617794,-78.61792,-78.618033,-78.618172,-78.618306,-78.618796,-78.618972,-78.619323,-78.620096,-78.620262,-78.620391,-78.620508,-78.620701,-78.620892,-78.621175,-78.621387,-78.621598,-78.621807,-78.622276,-78.622613,-78.622746,-78.622962,-78.62313,-78.62375,-78.623986,-78.624066,-78.624256,-78.624432,-78.624992,-78.625092,-78.625175,-78.625218,-78.625232,-78.625255,-78.625269,-78.625253,-78.625274,-78.625314,-78.625373,-78.625457,-78.625558,-78.626138,-78.626296,-78.626748,-78.627043,-78.627243,-78.627784,-78.62836,-78.62849,-78.628642,-78.628753,-78.628858,-78.628956,-78.62906,-78.629634,-78.629699,-78.629871,-78.630018,-78.630426,-78.630611,-78.630883,-78.630957,-78.631041,-78.63113,-78.631258,-78.631289,-78.631377,-78.631494,-78.631588,-78.631706,-78.631813,-78.631898,-78.632274,-78.632414,-78.632543,-78.633073,-78.633889,-78.634601,-78.634692,-78.634772,-78.634838,-78.63486,-78.634884,-78.634891,-78.634875,-78.63495,-78.635044,-78.635077,-78.635227,-78.635303,-78.635403,-78.635483,-78.635583,-78.635701,-78.635836,-78.635974,-78.636113,-78.636466,-78.637013,-78.638906,-78.639,-78.639112,-78.639215,-78.639307,-78.639387,-78.63957,-78.639718,-78.640036,-78.640971,-78.641098,-78.641159,-78.641288,-78.641424,-78.641565,-78.641708,-78.641823,-78.641964,-78.642072,-78.642765,-78.642822,-78.642892,-78.642987,-78.643116,-78.643192,-78.643576,-78.644175,-78.644261,-78.644338,-78.644933,-78.645198,-78.645261,-78.645431,-78.645497,-78.645642,-78.645844,-78.646104,-78.646255,-78.646504,-78.646707,-78.647671,-78.647965,-78.648041,-78.648228,-78.648408,-78.648578,-78.649461,-78.649528,-78.649598,-78.649652,-78.64979,-78.649842,-78.64991,-78.649993,-78.650111,-78.650221,-78.65088,-78.651074,-78.651163,-78.651302,-78.651401,-78.65169,-78.651835,-78.651948,-78.652101,-78.652231,-78.653224,-78.653583,-78.654267,-78.654488,-78.654592,-78.654842,-78.655021,-78.655206,-78.656066,-78.656278,-78.657079,-78.657447,-78.657508,-78.657654,-78.657762,-78.657887,-78.658215,-78.658274,-78.65836,-78.658431,-78.658475,-78.65871,-78.658729,-78.658779,-78.658845,-78.658927,-78.659255,-78.659377,-78.659519,-78.659622,-78.659898,-78.660005,-78.660492,-78.660534,-78.660619,-78.66072,-78.660863,-78.660903,-78.66094,-78.661048,-78.661151,-78.662486,-78.662715,-78.663036,-78.663279,-78.663522,-78.663621,-78.663727,-78.663848,-78.664396,-78.664543,-78.664689,-78.665095,-78.665341,-78.66554,-78.665969,-78.666176,-78.66653,-78.666758,-78.666976,-78.667226,-78.668282,-78.669184,-78.669329,-78.669502,-78.669682,-78.669846,-78.669988,-78.670095,-78.670463,-78.671023,-78.67116,-78.671341,-78.671438,-78.671542,-78.671629,-78.671718,-78.67177,-78.671915,-78.672056,-78.672791,-78.672831,-78.672914,-78.673115,-78.673307,-78.67379,-78.673854,-78.673947,-78.673983,-78.674146,-78.674224,-78.674284,-78.674491,-78.67539,-78.675537,-78.675936,-78.676101,-78.676261,-78.676515,-78.676697,-78.677151,-78.67784,-78.678889,-78.679355,-78.680773,-78.681085,-78.681201,-78.681247,-78.681369,-78.681645,-78.681927,-78.682286,-78.682696,-78.683171,-78.683297,-78.683404,-78.683551,-78.684085,-78.684209,-78.684828,-78.685012,-78.685065,-78.685191,-78.685289,-78.685522,-78.686188,-78.686353,-78.686492,-78.686616,-78.686756,-78.687545,-78.688643,-78.68922,-78.689359,-78.689462,-78.689572,-78.689668,-78.68975,-78.690261,-78.690301,-78.690423,-78.690588,-78.690731,-78.690949,-78.691101,-78.691286,-78.691395,-78.691513,-78.691639,-78.691751,-78.691824,-78.691959,-78.692042,-78.692143,-78.692237,-78.692321,-78.692391,-78.69243,-78.692474,-78.692499,-78.692505,-78.69248,-78.692467,-78.692497,-78.692542,-78.69262,-78.692756,-78.692826,-78.692848,-78.692889,-78.69295,-78.693017,-78.693087,-78.69316,-78.693225,-78.693717,-78.693793,-78.693879,-78.693971,-78.694061,-78.694148,-78.694216,-78.694293,-78.694959,-78.69605,-78.696394,-78.696452,-78.696703],"lat":[37.898171,37.898917,37.899346,37.900011,37.900475,37.900692,37.901106,37.901755,37.902188,37.902628,37.903046,37.90362,37.903699,37.904207,37.904649,37.905288,37.905632,37.906445,37.90745,37.907891,37.908305,37.908526,37.908766,37.909003,37.909233,37.909369,37.91026,37.911599,37.911853,37.912147,37.912359,37.912763,37.913327,37.914224,37.914472,37.914676,37.914938,37.915231,37.915547,37.915727,37.915805,37.916701,37.917229,37.917314,37.917447,37.917728,37.91858,37.918976,37.919103,37.91953,37.920279,37.921411,37.921591,37.921763,37.921925,37.922017,37.922354,37.922696,37.92338,37.923478,37.923591,37.923785,37.924732,37.925247,37.925462,37.925683,37.925952,37.926358,37.926562,37.928077,37.928437,37.928618,37.928886,37.929128,37.929354,37.929593,37.930461,37.930894,37.931521,37.932315,37.932588,37.932869,37.93304,37.933194,37.933251,37.934186,37.934894,37.935735,37.936553,37.936814,37.937878,37.938576,37.940142,37.940746,37.940954,37.941155,37.941235,37.941348,37.941495,37.942182,37.942375,37.942573,37.942779,37.943075,37.943226,37.943433,37.943796,37.944017,37.945521,37.946991,37.947485,37.948058,37.948427,37.949082,37.949586,37.951402,37.95154,37.95193,37.953173,37.953414,37.953648,37.953836,37.953993,37.954403,37.954826,37.954901,37.956254,37.956457,37.95675,37.958305,37.959275,37.95952,37.959757,37.960012,37.960078,37.960232,37.960385,37.960541,37.960618,37.960762,37.96091,37.961619,37.96165,37.961782,37.962006,37.9621,37.962364,37.96253,37.962764,37.963466,37.9636,37.963941,37.964718,37.965911,37.966353,37.966528,37.966732,37.966925,37.967097,37.967244,37.967373,37.967552,37.967661,37.967721,37.967832,37.967935,37.967977,37.968067,37.968157,37.968226,37.968241,37.968282,37.968305,37.968314,37.96831,37.968292,37.968273,37.968168,37.968079,37.968479,37.968669,37.969095,37.969445,37.970717,37.970882,37.971041,37.971194,37.971943,37.972039,37.972129,37.972233,37.97229,37.972545,37.973377,37.973813,37.973924,37.97398,37.974075,37.974176,37.974239,37.974436,37.974657,37.974752,37.974825,37.974853,37.975053,37.975114,37.975171,37.97523,37.975319,37.975382,37.975439,37.975732,37.97584,37.975973,37.975989,37.976112,37.97652,37.976879,37.976924,37.977054,37.977187,37.977309,37.977654,37.977775,37.977868,37.977958,37.978356,37.978432,37.979186,37.979443,37.979742,37.98005,37.980414,37.980548,37.980674,37.98079,37.981071,37.981106,37.981214,37.981326,37.981421,37.982251,37.982433,37.982675,37.983378,37.983478,37.983787,37.984678,37.985369,37.98557,37.985669,37.985776,37.985985,37.986393,37.986537,37.986781,37.986978,37.987581,37.988828,37.989086,37.989299,37.990047,37.990197,37.990744,37.991012,37.99121,37.991969,37.992624,37.993425,37.993847,37.994076,37.994367,37.994917,37.994946,37.995179,37.99554,37.995882,37.996098,37.996675,37.99687,37.997054,37.997278,37.997408,37.99749,37.997577,37.997719,37.997798,37.998528,37.998658,37.998784,37.998916,37.998961,37.999017,37.999109,37.999156,37.999649,37.999757,37.999872,37.999934,38.000064,38.000112,38.000238,38.000365,38.001055,38.001908,38.002715,38.003531,38.003731,38.00388,38.004297,38.004501,38.004744,38.004965,38.005421,38.005558,38.005686,38.005714,38.005825,38.005975,38.006319,38.007276,38.007545,38.007691,38.007958,38.008107,38.008629,38.009224,38.009305,38.009448,38.009592,38.00975,38.009885,38.009995,38.010863,38.010974,38.011352,38.011712,38.012075,38.013036,38.013173,38.01331,38.013517,38.014511,38.014859,38.01501,38.015155,38.015295,38.015595,38.01573,38.015849,38.016055,38.016286,38.016478,38.016688,38.016765,38.016925,38.017052,38.017131,38.01729,38.017371,38.017477,38.017775,38.017838,38.018479,38.018787,38.018986,38.019279,38.019427,38.01954,38.019592,38.019684,38.019743,38.019824,38.019928,38.020047,38.020239,38.020465,38.020558,38.020673,38.020763,38.020934,38.020997,38.021135,38.021374,38.02142,38.021482,38.021568,38.02162,38.021881,38.022106,38.022611,38.022807,38.023347,38.023452,38.024019,38.024461,38.025156,38.025635,38.025685,38.026175,38.026372,38.027772,38.027993,38.02853,38.02945,38.029737,38.029988,38.030167,38.030283,38.030585,38.031167,38.031377,38.031566,38.031716,38.03187,38.032148,38.032331,38.032686,38.033191,38.033241,38.03339,38.033459,38.033644,38.033685,38.033774,38.03381,38.033826,38.033869,38.033915,38.033991,38.03407,38.034162,38.034224,38.034306,38.034398,38.034475,38.034518,38.034659,38.034841,38.03487,38.034925,38.034936,38.034931,38.03491,38.034864,38.034766,38.034754,38.034753,38.034763,38.034782,38.03484,38.03487,38.034982,38.035052,38.035345,38.035564,38.035682,38.035737,38.035786,38.035833,38.035852,38.03588,38.035888,38.035886,38.03588,38.035849,38.035811,38.035742,38.035656,38.035563,38.035482,38.035421,38.035298,38.035104,38.034924,38.034759,38.034658,38.034447,38.034191,38.034057,38.034001,38.033777,38.033705,38.033574,38.033372,38.033365,38.033081,38.032815,38.032616,38.032502,38.03238,38.032124,38.031963,38.031855,38.031699,38.031495,38.030175,38.029498,38.029213,38.028705,38.028582,38.02832,38.027837,38.026454,38.025906,38.024903,38.024341,38.024129,38.023877,38.023542,38.023316,38.023068,38.02295,38.022832,38.022659,38.022526,38.022374,38.022328,38.022207,38.022138,38.02204,38.021955,38.021842,38.021777,38.021724,38.021682,38.02164,38.021634,38.021646,38.021785,38.021874,38.021879,38.021949,38.022027,38.022081,38.02211,38.022154,38.022229,38.022299,38.022416,38.022495,38.02255,38.022555,38.022546,38.022538,38.022509,38.022473,38.022422,38.022361,38.022325,38.022138,38.022119,38.021952,38.021872,38.021647,38.021504,38.021238,38.021054,38.02095,38.02082,38.020886,38.02157,38.021901,38.022261,38.022928,38.02362,38.023708,38.023966,38.024168,38.02438,38.024602,38.024827,38.025027,38.025053,38.025287,38.025528,38.025827,38.026076,38.026326,38.026554,38.026582,38.026785,38.026794,38.026796,38.026784,38.026779,38.026732,38.026693,38.026687,38.026499,38.026429,38.026408,38.02634,38.026329,38.025984,38.025718,38.025229,38.024368,38.024149,38.023973,38.023817,38.023536,38.023382,38.023261,38.023147,38.023082,38.023061,38.022981,38.022939,38.022778,38.022739,38.0225,38.022401,38.022327,38.022283,38.021474,38.021427,38.021393,38.020994,38.020847,38.020709,38.020707,38.020314,38.02004,38.019734,38.0196,38.019526,38.018578,38.018129,38.018161,38.018164,38.018222,38.018404,38.018429,38.01846,38.018496,38.018518,38.018543,38.018568,38.018591,38.018594,38.018583,38.018574,38.018592,38.018617,38.018674,38.018721,38.018827,38.018868,38.018903,38.018937,38.018952,38.018957,38.018958,38.018951,38.018937,38.018925,38.018909,38.018891,38.018861,38.018811,38.018749,38.018685,38.01863,38.018571,38.018534,38.018511,38.018484,38.018469,38.018425,38.01838,38.018355,38.018349,38.018351,38.018356,38.018385,38.01842,38.018497,38.018505,38.0185,38.018474,38.018437,38.018328,38.018318,38.017959,38.017742,38.017527,38.017302,38.017173,38.017058,38.01698,38.016892,38.016838,38.016712,38.016569,38.016529,38.016469,38.0164,38.016293,38.015988,38.01557,38.015187,38.01496,38.014684,38.014466,38.014224,38.014104,38.013538,38.013353,38.013238,38.012951,38.012355,38.011495,38.011003,38.010802,38.010547,38.010224,38.008728,38.008508,38.008349,38.007922,38.007747,38.00749,38.006974,38.006271,38.006231,38.00618,38.006135,38.006009,38.00591,38.005794,38.005681,38.005571,38.005226,38.004923,38.004558,38.004215,38.004006,38.003786,38.003235,38.002995,38.002799,38.002688,38.002522,38.002438,38.002358,38.002312,38.002234,38.002126,38.002001,38.00182,38.001665,38.001605,38.001428,38.001051,38.000804,38.000677,38.000417,38.000108,37.999582,37.998619,37.998352,37.997997,37.997882,37.997764,37.997633,37.997602,37.997529,37.997427,37.997078,37.996926,37.996863,37.996739,37.996504,37.996219,37.996115,37.996009,37.995902,37.995796,37.995649,37.995538,37.995504,37.995162,37.994852,37.994686,37.994561,37.994468,37.994387,37.99428,37.994185,37.994054,37.993957,37.993826,37.993708,37.993603,37.993329,37.992603,37.992471,37.992316,37.992137,37.991809,37.991545,37.991149,37.990835,37.990699,37.990552,37.990457,37.990359,37.990179,37.990032,37.989846,37.98948,37.989005,37.988578,37.988354,37.987903,37.987585,37.987397,37.98727,37.986946,37.986871,37.986325,37.985873,37.985852,37.98576,37.985679,37.98543,37.985184,37.985044,37.984857,37.984318,37.98393,37.983868,37.983678,37.983582,37.983422,37.983105,37.982907,37.982711,37.982584,37.982479,37.982441,37.982348,37.982278,37.982036,37.982024,37.981884,37.981818,37.981763,37.981673,37.981632,37.981509,37.980943,37.980813,37.980677,37.980527,37.980365,37.980157,37.980121,37.980103,37.980098,37.98013,37.980158,37.980182,37.980219,37.980293,37.980367,37.980462,37.980526,37.980629,37.980763,37.980861,37.980948,37.981005,37.981051,37.981086,37.981105,37.981116,37.981109,37.981115,37.981133,37.981138,37.981135,37.981122,37.981094,37.98095,37.980733,37.980566,37.980432,37.98039,37.980314,37.980252,37.980201,37.980044,37.979963,37.979881,37.979835,37.979757,37.979708,37.97967,37.979653,37.979638,37.979639,37.979628,37.979602,37.979567,37.979552,37.979517,37.979454,37.979417,37.979359,37.979309,37.97926,37.979186,37.978878,37.978816,37.978697,37.978619,37.978571,37.978521,37.978491,37.978464,37.97845,37.978451,37.978457,37.978476,37.978496,37.978515,37.978619,37.978634,37.978636,37.978618,37.978612,37.978595,37.978569,37.978534,37.978427,37.978335,37.978187,37.978083,37.97799,37.977919,37.977816,37.977746,37.977682,37.977571,37.977467,37.977423,37.977096,37.976443,37.976362,37.976205,37.976059,37.975497,37.975022,37.974621,37.974064,37.97393,37.973805,37.9735,37.972671,37.972488,37.972148,37.972018,37.971864,37.971698,37.971441,37.970694,37.969882,37.969766,37.969352,37.969122,37.968603,37.967579,37.966926,37.966428,37.966111,37.965746,37.965632,37.965401,37.965278,37.964764,37.964662,37.964147,37.964052,37.963951,37.96382,37.963456,37.963404,37.963323,37.962968,37.962686,37.962393,37.962247,37.962111,37.961993,37.961867,37.961673,37.961591,37.960562,37.96047,37.960262,37.959954,37.959848,37.959135,37.959081,37.958975,37.958887,37.958793,37.958389,37.958238,37.957815,37.956478,37.956253,37.956132,37.956122,37.955628,37.955533,37.955441,37.95537,37.955271,37.955177,37.955096,37.955039,37.954863,37.954802,37.954618,37.954538,37.954487,37.954326,37.954127,37.954095,37.954039,37.953877,37.953757,37.953649,37.953348,37.953231,37.953154,37.952832,37.952794,37.952748,37.952691,37.952643,37.95262,37.95259,37.952576,37.952566,37.952571,37.95261,37.95262,37.952613,37.952597,37.952575,37.952509,37.952441,37.95236,37.95227,37.952175,37.951851,37.951784,37.951722,37.951652,37.951592,37.951544,37.951528,37.951515,37.951515,37.95153,37.951552,37.951632,37.951655,37.951655,37.951638,37.951534,37.9513,37.951219,37.951136,37.951042,37.950952,37.950822,37.950738,37.950604,37.950511,37.950383,37.950292,37.950169,37.950036,37.949951,37.949589,37.949415,37.949276,37.94882,37.948573,37.948468,37.948411,37.94823,37.948149,37.947881,37.94785,37.947801,37.947754,37.947686,37.947595,37.947514,37.94743,37.947345,37.947295,37.947208,37.947096,37.947008,37.946875,37.946763,37.946652,37.94663,37.946546,37.946444,37.946387,37.946208,37.946155,37.946112,37.946015,37.945933,37.945849,37.945767,37.945687,37.945588,37.945511,37.945443,37.94482,37.944741,37.944653,37.944401,37.944355,37.944298,37.944268,37.944245,37.944229,37.944199,37.944169,37.944136,37.944084,37.944007,37.943948,37.9439,37.943809,37.943732,37.943652,37.94359,37.943517,37.943472,37.943422,37.943366,37.943336,37.943243,37.9432,37.942953,37.942885,37.942831,37.942587,37.942049,37.941852,37.941445,37.941054,37.940961,37.940814,37.940624,37.940394,37.940205,37.939672,37.939599,37.939486,37.939285,37.938966,37.938688,37.938605,37.93853,37.938474,37.938432,37.938404,37.938351,37.938312,37.938194,37.938152,37.937997,37.937906,37.937831,37.937655,37.93754,37.937519,37.937446,37.937286,37.93723,37.937149,37.937056,37.936952,37.936488,37.936255,37.93558,37.935406,37.93514,37.934346,37.93415,37.934015,37.93389,37.933863,37.933751,37.933571,37.933403,37.933225,37.932685,37.932106,37.931864,37.931607,37.931346,37.931273,37.93118,37.930981,37.930562,37.929922,37.928892,37.928815,37.92841,37.928148,37.928026,37.927834,37.927674,37.927615,37.927525,37.927399,37.927372,37.927338,37.927212,37.926865,37.926696,37.92626,37.926229,37.926136,37.925992,37.925863,37.925742,37.925733,37.925667,37.925341,37.925308,37.925248,37.925143,37.925039,37.924747,37.924671,37.924584,37.924487,37.924128,37.923788,37.922932,37.922789,37.922446,37.922332,37.92223,37.922177,37.922156,37.922121,37.92209,37.92207,37.922076,37.922097,37.922132,37.922322,37.922399,37.922556,37.922891,37.922959,37.923,37.923031,37.923068,37.923095,37.92312,37.923127,37.92312,37.923097,37.92301,37.922954,37.922926,37.922868,37.922811,37.922554,37.922439,37.922392,37.922267,37.92213,37.921609,37.921487,37.921357,37.921253,37.921211,37.921111,37.920985,37.920355,37.920214,37.920076,37.919938,37.919795,37.919658,37.919046,37.918862,37.918247,37.917834,37.917519,37.917587,37.917653,37.917663,37.917662,37.917646,37.917617,37.917574,37.917507,37.917027,37.916968,37.916829,37.916724,37.916485,37.916365,37.916155,37.916113,37.916083,37.916067,37.916063,37.916065,37.916072,37.916097,37.916129,37.916184,37.916251,37.916319,37.91667,37.916769,37.91684,37.917054,37.91736,37.917581,37.91762,37.917671,37.917733,37.917771,37.91784,37.91791,37.918086,37.918086,37.918101,37.918107,37.918158,37.918179,37.918194,37.918195,37.918184,37.918153,37.918127,37.918116,37.91812,37.91817,37.918268,37.918514,37.918536,37.918575,37.918627,37.91869,37.918764,37.918971,37.919107,37.919343,37.919986,37.920061,37.920089,37.920138,37.920174,37.920195,37.920203,37.920198,37.920181,37.920158,37.919948,37.919923,37.919893,37.919841,37.919749,37.919681,37.919229,37.918475,37.918398,37.918343,37.918012,37.917846,37.917798,37.917684,37.917644,37.917566,37.917474,37.917372,37.917326,37.917266,37.917229,37.917105,37.917052,37.917032,37.916973,37.9169,37.916815,37.916275,37.916226,37.916156,37.916078,37.915753,37.915653,37.915559,37.915473,37.915382,37.915321,37.914986,37.914869,37.914801,37.914679,37.914575,37.914215,37.914051,37.913953,37.913839,37.913756,37.913259,37.913062,37.91267,37.912556,37.91251,37.912415,37.91236,37.912318,37.912201,37.912156,37.911917,37.9118,37.911773,37.911695,37.911625,37.911527,37.911212,37.91116,37.911065,37.910963,37.910876,37.910224,37.910171,37.910084,37.910004,37.909934,37.909729,37.909644,37.909529,37.909429,37.909127,37.908992,37.908286,37.90823,37.908143,37.908061,37.90797,37.90795,37.907932,37.907886,37.907852,37.907488,37.907416,37.907292,37.907185,37.90706,37.907021,37.906995,37.906983,37.907016,37.907015,37.907005,37.906949,37.906933,37.906938,37.906989,37.90701,37.907032,37.907036,37.907036,37.907037,37.907026,37.907061,37.907079,37.907115,37.907163,37.907217,37.907285,37.907355,37.907665,37.908083,37.908176,37.908282,37.908325,37.908356,37.90837,37.908376,37.908373,37.90835,37.908312,37.908031,37.908016,37.907981,37.907887,37.90778,37.907427,37.907376,37.907286,37.907243,37.907007,37.906906,37.906845,37.906672,37.906044,37.905952,37.905717,37.905605,37.905475,37.905232,37.905081,37.904751,37.904189,37.903309,37.902927,37.901762,37.901514,37.901432,37.901406,37.901347,37.901246,37.901125,37.900945,37.900723,37.90048,37.900432,37.900404,37.900384,37.900372,37.900359,37.900234,37.900182,37.900158,37.900089,37.900019,37.89982,37.899183,37.899024,37.898905,37.898822,37.898749,37.898425,37.898001,37.897793,37.897725,37.897662,37.897573,37.897474,37.897367,37.896392,37.896309,37.896101,37.895837,37.895638,37.895417,37.895291,37.895162,37.8951,37.895049,37.895012,37.89499,37.894982,37.894977,37.894988,37.895013,37.895051,37.895102,37.89516,37.895204,37.895282,37.895365,37.895451,37.895936,37.896373,37.896485,37.896582,37.896686,37.896868,37.896949,37.896971,37.897001,37.89703,37.897045,37.897047,37.897032,37.897004,37.896637,37.896592,37.896559,37.896539,37.896537,37.896549,37.896568,37.896603,37.897057,37.897795,37.898015,37.898044,37.898171]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.593326,-78.593077,-78.592433,-78.592091,-78.590385,-78.589791,-78.589469,-78.589283,-78.588377,-78.587832,-78.587351,-78.587064,-78.586638,-78.585787,-78.584323,-78.583769,-78.583409,-78.583258,-78.583323,-78.58316,-78.582887,-78.58237,-78.581684,-78.580746,-78.58008,-78.580013,-78.580065,-78.580139,-78.580231,-78.58039,-78.580422,-78.580321,-78.579991,-78.579657,-78.579549,-78.578228,-78.577589,-78.576845,-78.575651,-78.574792,-78.57402,-78.573794,-78.573361,-78.572772,-78.571794,-78.571214,-78.570377,-78.568716,-78.568445,-78.567322,-78.5664,-78.566244,-78.565861,-78.565103,-78.563582,-78.562659,-78.561991,-78.561517,-78.561263,-78.561279,-78.561595,-78.562207,-78.563181,-78.563912,-78.564751,-78.564935,-78.564876,-78.564493,-78.564096,-78.56387,-78.563202,-78.561637,-78.561196,-78.560712,-78.560044,-78.559494,-78.558799,-78.558643,-78.558688,-78.558527,-78.557872,-78.557407,-78.557103,-78.556707,-78.555873,-78.555571,-78.555496,-78.555709,-78.555873,-78.557532,-78.557679,-78.557612,-78.557285,-78.556686,-78.556055,-78.556024,-78.555848,-78.555441,-78.55482,-78.55401,-78.552861,-78.551461,-78.550488,-78.550208,-78.549758,-78.54949,-78.549292,-78.548948,-78.548536,-78.548143,-78.547909,-78.5476,-78.547399,-78.546827,-78.546645,-78.546484,-78.546363,-78.546398,-78.546492,-78.546391,-78.545461,-78.545266,-78.545208,-78.545347,-78.545962,-78.547104,-78.547914,-78.548141,-78.54826,-78.54912,-78.549684,-78.550835,-78.551348,-78.551708,-78.551636,-78.551472,-78.551397,-78.551209,-78.550983,-78.550352,-78.550075,-78.550008,-78.550088,-78.549987,-78.549688,-78.549748,-78.549689,-78.548255,-78.547577,-78.546816,-78.546081,-78.545388,-78.544808,-78.544232,-78.543805,-78.543365,-78.543229,-78.542852,-78.542272,-78.541608,-78.541646,-78.541573,-78.54198,-78.542104,-78.542155,-78.542566,-78.543366,-78.543579,-78.543544,-78.543402,-78.542812,-78.542721,-78.542409,-78.541586,-78.541121,-78.540849,-78.539945,-78.539421,-78.539206,-78.538941,-78.538798,-78.538349,-78.538147,-78.537969,-78.537279,-78.536991,-78.53647,-78.53638,-78.53595,-78.535661,-78.535249,-78.535113,-78.534951,-78.534354,-78.534198,-78.532967,-78.532746,-78.532763,-78.532662,-78.532576,-78.532694,-78.532826,-78.533214,-78.533258,-78.53305,-78.532829,-78.532687,-78.532465,-78.532161,-78.532021,-78.532012,-78.532018,-78.532061,-78.532136,-78.532208,-78.53227,-78.532298,-78.532259,-78.532093,-78.532016,-78.531895,-78.531628,-78.531027,-78.530919,-78.530631,-78.530211,-78.529559,-78.529192,-78.528907,-78.528558,-78.528303,-78.528191,-78.527573,-78.527265,-78.526942,-78.52684,-78.526605,-78.526127,-78.525742,-78.525743,-78.525744,-78.525746,-78.525762,-78.525808,-78.525798,-78.525765,-78.525726,-78.525719,-78.525732,-78.525747,-78.525784,-78.525712,-78.525671,-78.525681,-78.525665,-78.525655,-78.525681,-78.525669,-78.52565,-78.525656,-78.52566,-78.525664,-78.525585,-78.525484,-78.52514,-78.524535,-78.523823,-78.523389,-78.523229,-78.523008,-78.522814,-78.522676,-78.522552,-78.522449,-78.522409,-78.522085,-78.522052,-78.521978,-78.521871,-78.521691,-78.521639,-78.521314,-78.520981,-78.520808,-78.520257,-78.519814,-78.519691,-78.519024,-78.518665,-78.518298,-78.517975,-78.517727,-78.517422,-78.517372,-78.517273,-78.517194,-78.517129,-78.51703,-78.517044,-78.51706,-78.517087,-78.51711,-78.517123,-78.517173,-78.517201,-78.517217,-78.517216,-78.517196,-78.517151,-78.517083,-78.517018,-78.516942,-78.516855,-78.516609,-78.516493,-78.515409,-78.515268,-78.515164,-78.51506,-78.514975,-78.514895,-78.514861,-78.515582,-78.515645,-78.515743,-78.515831,-78.515891,-78.516135,-78.516186,-78.516283,-78.516348,-78.516437,-78.5165,-78.516578,-78.516651,-78.516705,-78.516762,-78.516797,-78.517017,-78.517078,-78.51716,-78.517257,-78.517365,-78.517854,-78.51798,-78.51827,-78.518414,-78.518539,-78.518642,-78.518703,-78.518732,-78.518836,-78.518935,-78.519009,-78.519091,-78.519279,-78.51956,-78.519931,-78.520328,-78.520757,-78.521107,-78.521742,-78.522519,-78.522677,-78.523251,-78.52354,-78.523683,-78.523805,-78.524061,-78.524284,-78.524718,-78.524853,-78.524931,-78.525065,-78.525382,-78.525912,-78.526071,-78.52628,-78.526377,-78.526475,-78.526703,-78.526732,-78.526746,-78.526754,-78.526733,-78.526723,-78.526719,-78.52673,-78.526825,-78.526836,-78.526852,-78.526928,-78.526968,-78.527005,-78.527036,-78.527096,-78.527107,-78.527129,-78.527153,-78.527193,-78.5273,-78.527499,-78.527818,-78.528084,-78.528171,-78.528151,-78.528077,-78.527913,-78.527605,-78.527373,-78.527211,-78.527084,-78.526993,-78.52685,-78.526421,-78.525745,-78.52544,-78.525367,-78.52531,-78.525149,-78.525062,-78.524888,-78.524879,-78.524793,-78.524784,-78.524791,-78.524817,-78.524913,-78.52521,-78.525264,-78.525437,-78.525567,-78.525566,-78.525548,-78.525513,-78.525402,-78.52479,-78.5247,-78.524627,-78.524591,-78.52455,-78.524524,-78.524523,-78.524542,-78.524698,-78.524726,-78.524746,-78.524733,-78.524703,-78.524584,-78.524458,-78.524458,-78.52446,-78.52413,-78.523606,-78.523369,-78.522859,-78.522526,-78.522217,-78.522098,-78.52157,-78.520668,-78.520517,-78.520381,-78.519338,-78.519282,-78.519043,-78.518745,-78.518486,-78.518134,-78.517457,-78.516808,-78.516611,-78.516437,-78.516281,-78.516147,-78.515875,-78.515711,-78.515561,-78.515431,-78.515254,-78.515125,-78.514828,-78.513424,-78.513139,-78.512126,-78.51194,-78.511704,-78.511522,-78.5111,-78.510243,-78.510101,-78.50978,-78.508852,-78.508468,-78.508095,-78.50764,-78.507292,-78.507169,-78.506683,-78.506214,-78.506044,-78.505953,-78.50592,-78.505815,-78.505753,-78.505599,-78.50541,-78.504995,-78.504804,-78.50463,-78.504505,-78.504413,-78.504257,-78.504047,-78.503969,-78.503862,-78.503682,-78.503498,-78.50326,-78.50295,-78.502817,-78.502413,-78.502135,-78.501957,-78.501479,-78.501233,-78.500896,-78.50067,-78.500486,-78.50029,-78.499977,-78.499371,-78.49916,-78.498441,-78.49827,-78.497193,-78.496781,-78.496526,-78.496347,-78.496125,-78.495853,-78.49571,-78.495574,-78.495354,-78.495269,-78.495137,-78.495046,-78.49488,-78.494783,-78.494697,-78.494644,-78.494584,-78.494515,-78.494158,-78.49412,-78.494006,-78.493924,-78.493709,-78.493554,-78.493519,-78.493505,-78.493475,-78.493467,-78.493464,-78.493468,-78.493535,-78.493598,-78.493602,-78.493592,-78.493566,-78.493542,-78.493468,-78.49327,-78.493158,-78.493064,-78.492933,-78.492792,-78.492078,-78.491684,-78.491346,-78.490892,-78.490795,-78.49074,-78.490674,-78.490332,-78.489824,-78.489538,-78.489417,-78.48916,-78.488912,-78.488844,-78.488512,-78.488263,-78.487568,-78.487193,-78.487044,-78.486821,-78.486519,-78.486331,-78.485815,-78.484869,-78.484441,-78.484075,-78.483705,-78.483475,-78.483279,-78.483117,-78.483006,-78.48293,-78.482835,-78.482826,-78.482765,-78.482734,-78.482722,-78.482723,-78.482728,-78.482745,-78.48275,-78.482729,-78.482694,-78.482615,-78.482551,-78.482496,-78.482416,-78.482322,-78.4822,-78.482061,-78.481851,-78.481718,-78.48117,-78.481043,-78.480902,-78.480778,-78.480691,-78.480497,-78.479961,-78.479811,-78.479705,-78.479578,-78.479444,-78.479204,-78.479031,-78.478886,-78.478702,-78.478546,-78.477492,-78.476927,-78.47599,-78.475682,-78.475444,-78.47522,-78.475004,-78.474773,-78.474543,-78.474387,-78.4743,-78.474045,-78.473925,-78.473793,-78.473643,-78.473432,-78.473299,-78.473019,-78.472845,-78.471465,-78.471224,-78.470827,-78.470697,-78.470394,-78.469891,-78.46942,-78.469272,-78.468978,-78.468401,-78.468124,-78.467889,-78.466306,-78.466117,-78.465879,-78.465321,-78.465158,-78.465072,-78.464994,-78.464899,-78.464818,-78.464439,-78.464147,-78.463975,-78.463639,-78.46327,-78.463036,-78.462291,-78.460217,-78.459705,-78.459424,-78.458991,-78.458864,-78.458664,-78.458553,-78.458484,-78.458417,-78.458372,-78.458311,-78.458279,-78.458263,-78.458261,-78.458281,-78.458294,-78.458313,-78.458358,-78.458485,-78.458715,-78.458897,-78.459058,-78.459162,-78.459249,-78.459276,-78.459306,-78.459318,-78.459734,-78.459912,-78.46009,-78.460041,-78.459944,-78.45988,-78.45988,-78.460025,-78.46017,-78.460267,-78.460509,-78.460606,-78.460735,-78.460978,-78.461284,-78.461779,-78.461301,-78.46098,-78.460715,-78.460511,-78.460256,-78.459655,-78.459349,-78.459041,-78.459014,-78.458879,-78.458841,-78.458777,-78.458757,-78.458755,-78.45877,-78.458788,-78.45884,-78.45891,-78.459052,-78.459083,-78.459155,-78.459164,-78.459183,-78.459187,-78.459188,-78.459188,-78.459203,-78.459236,-78.459288,-78.459449,-78.459646,-78.459857,-78.459875,-78.460039,-78.460071,-78.460109,-78.460128,-78.460538,-78.460629,-78.460724,-78.460838,-78.461346,-78.461733,-78.461799,-78.461849,-78.46188,-78.46193,-78.461959,-78.462005,-78.462054,-78.462183,-78.46223,-78.462366,-78.462417,-78.462482,-78.462555,-78.462638,-78.462708,-78.462818,-78.462894,-78.462978,-78.463056,-78.46312,-78.463292,-78.463365,-78.463451,-78.463571,-78.463903,-78.464301,-78.464443,-78.464542,-78.464782,-78.465054,-78.465256,-78.465603,-78.465669,-78.465769,-78.465853,-78.466025,-78.466075,-78.466115,-78.466169,-78.466207,-78.466208,-78.466181,-78.466147,-78.466092,-78.466023,-78.465959,-78.46589,-78.465829,-78.465804,-78.465749,-78.465755,-78.46574,-78.465929,-78.466529,-78.466645,-78.467061,-78.467619,-78.467945,-78.468315,-78.46884,-78.469091,-78.469377,-78.469793,-78.470518,-78.47105,-78.471322,-78.471745,-78.471959,-78.47207,-78.472453,-78.472692,-78.473108,-78.473987,-78.474733,-78.47512,-78.47647,-78.476937,-78.478043,-78.478914,-78.479371,-78.479692,-78.48044,-78.48115,-78.482343,-78.483108,-78.483802,-78.484581,-78.484895,-78.485359,-78.486038,-78.486321,-78.486955,-78.487732,-78.488246,-78.488412,-78.488438,-78.488468,-78.488544,-78.488462,-78.488439,-78.488126,-78.488148,-78.488187,-78.4883,-78.488356,-78.488344,-78.488405,-78.488482,-78.488833,-78.488908,-78.489124,-78.489281,-78.489639,-78.490172,-78.490811,-78.490973,-78.491315,-78.491796,-78.491913,-78.492124,-78.492506,-78.49295,-78.493231,-78.493571,-78.493928,-78.494574,-78.494968,-78.495073,-78.495042,-78.494923,-78.494825,-78.494897,-78.495054,-78.495705,-78.496449,-78.496802,-78.496879,-78.496752,-78.49663,-78.496564,-78.4962,-78.495764,-78.495435,-78.495435,-78.495801,-78.496488,-78.497403,-78.498862,-78.499549,-78.499738,-78.499997,-78.50022,-78.50057,-78.500725,-78.501029,-78.501263,-78.501479,-78.501717,-78.501961,-78.502234,-78.502408,-78.502561,-78.502637,-78.502774,-78.503049,-78.503308,-78.503613,-78.503995,-78.504427,-78.504541,-78.504647,-78.504703,-78.504744,-78.504772,-78.504779,-78.504772,-78.504703,-78.504571,-78.504509,-78.504537,-78.504557,-78.504564,-78.504558,-78.504537,-78.504544,-78.504579,-78.504614,-78.504704,-78.50485,-78.505072,-78.505198,-78.505267,-78.505316,-78.505392,-78.505469,-78.505511,-78.505573,-78.505768,-78.506144,-78.506248,-78.506456,-78.506512,-78.506658,-78.506762,-78.506894,-78.506922,-78.506992,-78.507068,-78.507138,-78.507207,-78.507346,-78.507388,-78.507478,-78.507555,-78.507604,-78.507659,-78.507778,-78.507847,-78.507896,-78.507966,-78.508035,-78.508112,-78.508223,-78.508306,-78.508446,-78.508689,-78.508717,-78.508765,-78.508849,-78.508911,-78.508925,-78.509127,-78.509308,-78.509433,-78.509627,-78.509822,-78.509989,-78.510086,-78.510156,-78.510392,-78.510524,-78.510816,-78.510934,-78.511038,-78.511143,-78.511212,-78.511261,-78.511268,-78.511261,-78.511226,-78.511178,-78.511081,-78.511046,-78.511005,-78.510998,-78.511019,-78.511075,-78.511109,-78.511158,-78.511165,-78.511339,-78.511485,-78.511638,-78.51168,-78.511764,-78.511861,-78.511966,-78.512084,-78.512119,-78.512126,-78.512098,-78.512126,-78.512161,-78.512259,-78.512294,-78.512342,-78.512426,-78.512592,-78.512662,-78.51278,-78.512877,-78.513009,-78.513148,-78.513266,-78.513405,-78.513544,-78.513662,-78.513773,-78.514155,-78.514287,-78.514496,-78.5146,-78.514975,-78.515117,-78.51519,-78.515357,-78.515676,-78.515843,-78.515919,-78.515947,-78.516023,-78.516044,-78.516225,-78.516349,-78.516648,-78.516815,-78.516961,-78.517079,-78.517183,-78.517301,-78.517357,-78.517419,-78.517461,-78.517489,-78.517454,-78.517426,-78.517301,-78.517281,-78.517163,-78.517079,-78.517024,-78.516989,-78.516948,-78.516934,-78.516948,-78.516969,-78.517017,-78.517115,-78.517198,-78.517365,-78.517428,-78.517629,-78.517712,-78.517837,-78.517942,-78.518108,-78.51824,-78.518566,-78.519053,-78.519289,-78.519393,-78.519525,-78.519615,-78.519705,-78.51983,-78.519942,-78.519983,-78.520039,-78.520046,-78.520053,-78.520039,-78.519998,-78.519977,-78.519984,-78.519998,-78.520053,-78.520088,-78.520172,-78.520463,-78.520582,-78.520679,-78.5207,-78.520734,-78.52079,-78.520832,-78.520839,-78.520832,-78.520811,-78.520797,-78.520846,-78.520951,-78.521006,-78.521083,-78.521194,-78.521236,-78.521291,-78.521354,-78.521465,-78.521715,-78.521819,-78.521889,-78.521958,-78.522055,-78.522132,-78.52216,-78.522201,-78.522243,-78.522271,-78.522278,-78.522271,-78.522243,-78.522209,-78.522139,-78.522084,-78.521771,-78.52166,-78.521271,-78.521104,-78.520979,-78.520827,-78.520792,-78.520729,-78.520695,-78.520688,-78.520695,-78.52073,-78.520757,-78.520841,-78.520987,-78.521167,-78.521299,-78.521501,-78.521661,-78.521959,-78.522237,-78.52248,-78.523105,-78.523286,-78.52346,-78.523793,-78.524453,-78.524703,-78.524981,-78.525176,-78.525704,-78.526176,-78.526516,-78.526815,-78.52719,-78.527509,-78.527669,-78.527843,-78.528093,-78.528273,-78.52835,-78.528523,-78.528794,-78.52901,-78.52919,-78.529308,-78.529357,-78.529406,-78.52944,-78.529461,-78.529468,-78.529371,-78.529309,-78.529205,-78.52917,-78.529149,-78.529128,-78.529156,-78.529191,-78.529254,-78.529219,-78.529157,-78.528837,-78.528754,-78.528559,-78.52808,-78.527587,-78.527462,-78.527413,-78.527344,-78.527302,-78.527289,-78.527275,-78.527296,-78.52733,-78.527428,-78.527504,-78.52772,-78.52781,-78.527845,-78.527859,-78.527886,-78.527914,-78.527956,-78.528018,-78.528053,-78.528164,-78.528345,-78.52854,-78.528602,-78.528699,-78.528804,-78.52888,-78.528943,-78.529005,-78.52913,-78.529179,-78.529227,-78.529352,-78.529429,-78.529581,-78.529665,-78.529741,-78.529817,-78.529873,-78.529936,-78.530144,-78.5302,-78.530255,-78.530408,-78.53054,-78.530679,-78.530971,-78.531144,-78.531346,-78.531457,-78.531506,-78.531575,-78.532261,-78.534187,-78.535837,-78.535909,-78.536045,-78.536192,-78.536316,-78.536523,-78.536935,-78.537104,-78.537264,-78.537387,-78.537567,-78.537999,-78.538403,-78.538651,-78.539345,-78.539574,-78.539722,-78.539897,-78.540007,-78.542082,-78.542491,-78.542578,-78.542788,-78.542987,-78.543137,-78.543308,-78.5434,-78.543483,-78.543549,-78.543614,-78.543654,-78.54369,-78.543721,-78.543734,-78.543735,-78.543736,-78.543728,-78.543722,-78.54371,-78.543687,-78.543644,-78.543468,-78.543277,-78.543196,-78.543163,-78.543144,-78.543148,-78.543169,-78.543212,-78.543221,-78.543213,-78.543184,-78.54314,-78.543105,-78.542992,-78.542754,-78.542609,-78.542573,-78.542547,-78.542542,-78.54255,-78.542577,-78.542621,-78.542705,-78.542979,-78.543044,-78.543072,-78.543079,-78.543078,-78.543047,-78.542999,-78.542971,-78.542963,-78.542959,-78.542919,-78.54292,-78.542936,-78.54297,-78.543017,-78.543117,-78.543209,-78.543375,-78.5436,-78.543777,-78.543825,-78.54449,-78.544713,-78.5449,-78.545093,-78.545218,-78.545358,-78.545513,-78.545869,-78.546517,-78.547016,-78.547224,-78.547448,-78.547645,-78.548035,-78.548519,-78.549445,-78.550073,-78.551524,-78.5518,-78.553747,-78.554252,-78.554765,-78.55513,-78.555295,-78.555839,-78.556336,-78.556795,-78.557133,-78.557961,-78.558119,-78.558786,-78.55889,-78.559566,-78.559713,-78.559857,-78.560088,-78.560297,-78.560506,-78.560672,-78.560909,-78.561263,-78.562266,-78.562554,-78.563776,-78.564305,-78.564836,-78.56512,-78.565579,-78.566532,-78.566844,-78.567117,-78.567779,-78.568771,-78.569465,-78.569603,-78.570108,-78.571491,-78.571946,-78.572827,-78.574656,-78.574808,-78.574999,-78.575145,-78.575332,-78.575487,-78.575668,-78.575783,-78.576109,-78.576558,-78.576806,-78.577758,-78.577813,-78.577943,-78.578031,-78.57815,-78.578591,-78.578895,-78.578991,-78.579036,-78.579143,-78.57926,-78.579386,-78.579613,-78.579802,-78.580032,-78.580564,-78.580746,-78.580926,-78.581081,-78.581207,-78.581344,-78.581459,-78.581623,-78.582094,-78.582621,-78.582822,-78.583026,-78.583354,-78.583494,-78.583681,-78.583911,-78.584134,-78.584351,-78.584555,-78.584734,-78.584913,-78.585088,-78.586433,-78.586754,-78.587262,-78.587439,-78.587608,-78.587938,-78.588273,-78.588794,-78.589044,-78.589302,-78.58945,-78.589691,-78.589936,-78.590184,-78.591847,-78.593082,-78.593192,-78.593215,-78.593326],"lat":[38.102775,38.10314,38.103483,38.103543,38.103625,38.103757,38.103929,38.10412,38.10595,38.106761,38.107109,38.107721,38.108132,38.108554,38.108997,38.109353,38.109882,38.110514,38.110632,38.111117,38.111477,38.111874,38.112393,38.112984,38.113614,38.113895,38.114265,38.114349,38.114943,38.115256,38.115514,38.115936,38.116142,38.116167,38.116224,38.11607,38.116196,38.116561,38.117442,38.1179,38.118188,38.118156,38.118202,38.118118,38.117505,38.117386,38.117556,38.117644,38.117605,38.117988,38.117928,38.117796,38.117633,38.117669,38.117958,38.117898,38.117947,38.118169,38.118641,38.119551,38.119995,38.120374,38.120804,38.121272,38.121683,38.121891,38.122137,38.122371,38.12246,38.122428,38.122477,38.122361,38.122443,38.1227,38.123729,38.124267,38.12482,38.125,38.125063,38.125148,38.125925,38.126203,38.126396,38.126484,38.126836,38.127119,38.127435,38.127719,38.127816,38.128127,38.128293,38.128574,38.128962,38.129312,38.129403,38.129414,38.129482,38.129423,38.12908,38.128746,38.128653,38.129214,38.129364,38.12936,38.129477,38.12962,38.129804,38.130123,38.130862,38.131132,38.131135,38.131054,38.130916,38.130761,38.130735,38.130821,38.13113,38.131571,38.131766,38.132187,38.132742,38.132969,38.133214,38.133416,38.133976,38.134685,38.135019,38.135052,38.135142,38.135265,38.135455,38.136129,38.136529,38.136981,38.137478,38.137691,38.137789,38.137889,38.137856,38.137947,38.138125,38.138406,38.138853,38.139274,38.139739,38.140074,38.14032,38.142001,38.142484,38.142919,38.143249,38.143404,38.143284,38.142947,38.142776,38.142459,38.14244,38.142059,38.141939,38.14119,38.140832,38.140749,38.139247,38.13912,38.138909,38.13817,38.137377,38.136682,38.136242,38.135858,38.135192,38.135179,38.134917,38.134834,38.134622,38.134583,38.135034,38.135067,38.135182,38.135506,38.136103,38.136801,38.137643,38.137799,38.138135,38.138166,38.138381,38.138368,38.138597,38.138628,38.138786,38.138767,38.138852,38.138803,38.138671,38.13853,38.138281,38.137231,38.137022,38.136841,38.136349,38.136187,38.134573,38.133999,38.133497,38.133247,38.132864,38.132614,38.131735,38.131033,38.130988,38.130931,38.130887,38.130744,38.130607,38.129959,38.129865,38.129709,38.129504,38.129409,38.129202,38.128921,38.128592,38.128517,38.128316,38.128197,38.128408,38.128558,38.128646,38.128719,38.128738,38.128726,38.128659,38.128635,38.12861,38.128602,38.128584,38.128286,38.127807,38.12769,38.127514,38.127181,38.127014,38.126555,38.126424,38.125974,38.12552,38.125434,38.125293,38.125132,38.12478,38.124638,38.124558,38.12435,38.124164,38.124043,38.123832,38.12373,38.123572,38.123405,38.123291,38.123197,38.123056,38.122875,38.122607,38.122171,38.121639,38.121409,38.121352,38.121296,38.121231,38.121262,38.121269,38.121306,38.12132,38.121552,38.121596,38.121694,38.121814,38.121899,38.121924,38.122187,38.122348,38.122431,38.122576,38.122613,38.122623,38.122683,38.123021,38.123256,38.123433,38.123576,38.123836,38.123878,38.123979,38.124077,38.124098,38.124145,38.12417,38.124202,38.12426,38.124313,38.124347,38.124506,38.124635,38.124809,38.124983,38.125157,38.125357,38.125534,38.125666,38.125796,38.12592,38.126222,38.126354,38.127601,38.127782,38.127937,38.128124,38.128317,38.128561,38.128694,38.12888,38.128902,38.12895,38.12901,38.129066,38.129373,38.129431,38.129521,38.129555,38.129579,38.129584,38.129577,38.129556,38.12953,38.129488,38.129447,38.129043,38.128956,38.128877,38.128808,38.12875,38.128581,38.128532,38.128403,38.128359,38.128337,38.128329,38.12833,38.128332,38.12835,38.128382,38.128417,38.128471,38.128638,38.128887,38.129189,38.129496,38.129805,38.130057,38.130481,38.130977,38.13108,38.131454,38.131634,38.131732,38.131825,38.132061,38.132279,38.132703,38.132848,38.132942,38.133123,38.133635,38.134538,38.13486,38.135283,38.135525,38.135849,38.136487,38.13659,38.136669,38.136801,38.137057,38.137154,38.137325,38.137538,38.138148,38.138566,38.138719,38.139196,38.139359,38.139508,38.13964,38.14039,38.140596,38.141105,38.141279,38.14149,38.141643,38.141816,38.142022,38.142275,38.142581,38.142794,38.14296,38.14318,38.143339,38.143432,38.143543,38.143648,38.143746,38.143892,38.14446,38.145392,38.145875,38.146029,38.146186,38.146842,38.14726,38.148145,38.148216,38.148811,38.148975,38.149111,38.149242,38.149523,38.150239,38.150417,38.151182,38.151924,38.151994,38.152062,38.152126,38.152259,38.152828,38.152941,38.153063,38.153138,38.153279,38.153422,38.153617,38.153824,38.154586,38.154813,38.155373,38.155521,38.155667,38.156156,38.156797,38.15689,38.157026,38.157194,38.157515,38.157659,38.157968,38.158182,38.158412,38.158507,38.158956,38.159725,38.159872,38.160028,38.161333,38.161398,38.161658,38.16196,38.162199,38.162497,38.163044,38.163569,38.163746,38.163934,38.164131,38.164334,38.164801,38.165061,38.165262,38.165418,38.165605,38.165729,38.166011,38.16731,38.167553,38.168364,38.168497,38.168646,38.168746,38.168962,38.16938,38.169446,38.169587,38.169977,38.170157,38.17035,38.170594,38.170777,38.170838,38.171058,38.171259,38.171347,38.171413,38.171442,38.171581,38.171707,38.172099,38.172552,38.17356,38.174029,38.174437,38.174677,38.17482,38.175022,38.17526,38.175343,38.175452,38.175624,38.175775,38.175948,38.176141,38.176218,38.176411,38.176539,38.176607,38.176776,38.176856,38.176967,38.177037,38.177086,38.177132,38.177184,38.177264,38.177281,38.17729,38.177291,38.177314,38.177321,38.177311,38.177294,38.177259,38.177198,38.177155,38.177104,38.177002,38.176952,38.176863,38.176789,38.176621,38.176496,38.176359,38.17625,38.176087,38.175864,38.174635,38.174518,38.174171,38.173954,38.173442,38.173047,38.172943,38.172892,38.172734,38.172647,38.172574,38.172404,38.171788,38.171142,38.17099,38.170824,38.170675,38.170587,38.170375,38.16988,38.169617,38.169422,38.169201,38.168996,38.168056,38.167542,38.16709,38.166472,38.16632,38.166227,38.166102,38.165382,38.164374,38.163827,38.163615,38.163189,38.162805,38.162716,38.162342,38.162082,38.161365,38.160982,38.160845,38.160666,38.160461,38.160345,38.160044,38.15951,38.159262,38.159038,38.158795,38.158634,38.158482,38.158334,38.158206,38.158094,38.157933,38.157912,38.15777,38.157664,38.157577,38.157479,38.1574,38.157249,38.157077,38.156876,38.15664,38.156196,38.155952,38.155805,38.155645,38.155492,38.155315,38.155136,38.154898,38.15476,38.154251,38.15413,38.153973,38.153806,38.153666,38.153289,38.152217,38.151975,38.151826,38.151668,38.151516,38.151275,38.151124,38.151013,38.150899,38.150817,38.15031,38.150041,38.149582,38.149426,38.149294,38.149149,38.148988,38.148802,38.148581,38.148408,38.1483,38.147966,38.14782,38.147676,38.147532,38.147354,38.147252,38.147052,38.146937,38.146055,38.145901,38.145651,38.14557,38.145394,38.145124,38.144895,38.144827,38.14469,38.144421,38.144272,38.144132,38.143125,38.142998,38.14281,38.142325,38.142163,38.142063,38.141963,38.141845,38.141733,38.141212,38.140824,38.14062,38.140268,38.139904,38.139672,38.13891,38.136807,38.136275,38.135977,38.135509,38.135362,38.135111,38.134947,38.134831,38.13472,38.134625,38.134464,38.134342,38.134229,38.134086,38.133916,38.133856,38.133777,38.133655,38.133384,38.132926,38.13257,38.132269,38.132048,38.131822,38.131718,38.131542,38.131363,38.129975,38.12906,38.128069,38.128069,38.128006,38.127879,38.12779,38.127676,38.127638,38.12765,38.126482,38.126202,38.125872,38.125466,38.125072,38.124587,38.124182,38.12389,38.123618,38.123245,38.122807,38.121781,38.121212,38.120561,38.120491,38.120087,38.119937,38.119643,38.119426,38.119269,38.119102,38.118967,38.11875,38.118534,38.117975,38.117853,38.117353,38.117177,38.116817,38.116408,38.116081,38.115968,38.115757,38.115547,38.11534,38.114876,38.114315,38.113546,38.113431,38.112334,38.112195,38.112077,38.112025,38.11109,38.110857,38.110668,38.110482,38.109771,38.109203,38.109094,38.108979,38.108861,38.108482,38.108392,38.108306,38.108243,38.108051,38.107972,38.107711,38.107645,38.107587,38.107542,38.10751,38.107495,38.107485,38.10747,38.107435,38.107386,38.107327,38.107104,38.107024,38.106952,38.106881,38.106742,38.106553,38.106486,38.106427,38.106273,38.106073,38.105941,38.105728,38.10568,38.105591,38.105492,38.105272,38.105209,38.105168,38.105094,38.105013,38.104986,38.104914,38.104859,38.104797,38.104744,38.10471,38.104683,38.104666,38.104278,38.103948,38.10358,38.103494,38.103485,38.103717,38.103829,38.10423,38.104637,38.104729,38.104746,38.104753,38.104757,38.104659,38.104561,38.104212,38.103844,38.103435,38.102799,38.102478,38.102089,38.10075,38.099874,38.099249,38.09806,38.097337,38.096964,38.096008,38.095693,38.094948,38.094415,38.094033,38.093765,38.093563,38.093459,38.093279,38.092828,38.09205,38.09129,38.091228,38.091137,38.091143,38.09122,38.091394,38.091219,38.091527,38.091627,38.091851,38.092104,38.092592,38.092897,38.092981,38.09363,38.093735,38.093928,38.094212,38.094239,38.094268,38.094478,38.094565,38.094958,38.095044,38.095253,38.095533,38.095866,38.09613,38.096087,38.096083,38.096049,38.096159,38.096277,38.096489,38.096905,38.0976,38.097682,38.097786,38.09802,38.098444,38.098543,38.098569,38.098653,38.098971,38.099282,38.099393,38.099636,38.09962,38.099481,38.098928,38.098248,38.098028,38.097621,38.097379,38.097035,38.096689,38.096454,38.09605,38.096019,38.09614,38.096354,38.096996,38.097229,38.09742,38.097588,38.097642,38.097935,38.09803,38.098175,38.098324,38.098408,38.098446,38.098414,38.098295,38.098116,38.097735,38.097353,38.097003,38.096888,38.096682,38.096461,38.096194,38.095973,38.095963,38.095919,38.095886,38.095826,38.095765,38.095705,38.095634,38.095458,38.095211,38.095008,38.094925,38.094887,38.094799,38.094706,38.094596,38.094541,38.094453,38.094393,38.094299,38.094157,38.093959,38.093866,38.0938,38.093718,38.093421,38.093223,38.093163,38.093092,38.092933,38.092675,38.092614,38.092444,38.092406,38.092329,38.092291,38.092258,38.092236,38.092192,38.092115,38.092038,38.091945,38.091797,38.091758,38.09166,38.091555,38.091457,38.091319,38.090962,38.090721,38.0906,38.090468,38.090353,38.090238,38.090084,38.089996,38.089859,38.089651,38.089634,38.08959,38.089524,38.089497,38.089481,38.089393,38.089338,38.089289,38.089184,38.089058,38.088937,38.088877,38.088828,38.088696,38.088641,38.088553,38.088504,38.088433,38.088334,38.088235,38.088125,38.088005,38.087884,38.087757,38.087648,38.08745,38.08734,38.086961,38.086802,38.086538,38.086165,38.086,38.085825,38.085775,38.085347,38.085133,38.084952,38.084891,38.084743,38.084513,38.084079,38.083837,38.083728,38.083563,38.08308,38.0828,38.082596,38.082168,38.082091,38.082015,38.081932,38.081839,38.081806,38.081773,38.081757,38.081746,38.081757,38.081779,38.081817,38.081872,38.0819,38.081911,38.081933,38.081955,38.082032,38.082092,38.082362,38.08247,38.082526,38.082697,38.083037,38.083208,38.083263,38.08329,38.08335,38.083361,38.083515,38.083603,38.08379,38.083889,38.08396,38.083999,38.08401,38.083999,38.083977,38.083928,38.083862,38.083724,38.083571,38.083516,38.083378,38.083351,38.083225,38.083104,38.083016,38.08295,38.082818,38.082626,38.082357,38.082269,38.082137,38.082011,38.081934,38.081857,38.081836,38.081808,38.081819,38.081847,38.08188,38.081962,38.08205,38.082292,38.082693,38.082913,38.082995,38.083055,38.083061,38.08305,38.083012,38.082929,38.082869,38.082748,38.082715,38.082627,38.082485,38.082265,38.08199,38.081881,38.081837,38.081787,38.081765,38.081743,38.081711,38.081672,38.081617,38.081595,38.081573,38.081518,38.081425,38.081337,38.081249,38.081167,38.081041,38.080497,38.08014,38.080047,38.079954,38.079882,38.079871,38.079866,38.079877,38.07991,38.080003,38.08002,38.080014,38.079976,38.079905,38.079828,38.079795,38.079734,38.079652,38.079575,38.079487,38.079405,38.079328,38.079273,38.079218,38.079185,38.079125,38.079097,38.07896,38.078872,38.078784,38.078652,38.078608,38.078509,38.078422,38.078356,38.078284,38.078202,38.078158,38.078098,38.078037,38.077982,38.077955,38.077928,38.077911,38.077911,38.077917,38.077944,38.078044,38.078044,38.078038,38.078005,38.077929,38.077929,38.077934,38.077946,38.078044,38.078149,38.078242,38.078341,38.078479,38.078638,38.078742,38.078869,38.078984,38.079039,38.079056,38.079067,38.079045,38.079006,38.078946,38.07888,38.078847,38.078803,38.078738,38.078683,38.078523,38.078375,38.078293,38.078106,38.078007,38.077886,38.077716,38.077442,38.077249,38.076986,38.076871,38.076788,38.076579,38.07653,38.07647,38.076332,38.076222,38.076167,38.076134,38.076063,38.07598,38.075936,38.075821,38.075646,38.075585,38.075486,38.07542,38.075267,38.075195,38.075146,38.075102,38.074981,38.074904,38.074822,38.07474,38.074701,38.074603,38.074482,38.074372,38.074345,38.074317,38.074306,38.074317,38.074356,38.074422,38.074718,38.074784,38.074861,38.074982,38.075042,38.075125,38.07513,38.075125,38.075097,38.075064,38.075004,38.074729,38.074686,38.074658,38.074625,38.074614,38.074625,38.074697,38.074735,38.074757,38.074746,38.074735,38.074706,38.07529,38.076931,38.078333,38.078389,38.078479,38.078558,38.078613,38.078687,38.078812,38.07887,38.078942,38.079007,38.079121,38.079438,38.079749,38.079952,38.080546,38.080728,38.080831,38.080935,38.080991,38.081913,38.082098,38.082142,38.082262,38.082394,38.082507,38.082652,38.082743,38.082839,38.082929,38.083041,38.083135,38.083255,38.083444,38.083691,38.083978,38.084255,38.085003,38.085456,38.085639,38.085787,38.085969,38.086464,38.08701,38.087291,38.087463,38.087597,38.087849,38.088101,38.088403,38.088555,38.088784,38.088969,38.089157,38.089277,38.089596,38.090169,38.090546,38.090662,38.09081,38.09092,38.091019,38.091142,38.091262,38.091416,38.091881,38.092045,38.092175,38.092253,38.092453,38.092992,38.093621,38.09408,38.094221,38.094282,38.094963,38.09501,38.095145,38.095277,38.095392,38.095578,38.095723,38.095958,38.096299,38.096605,38.096692,38.097894,38.098286,38.098575,38.098849,38.099011,38.099165,38.099309,38.099598,38.100107,38.100502,38.10064,38.100762,38.100851,38.100979,38.101125,38.101376,38.10154,38.101929,38.102003,38.102522,38.102661,38.102818,38.10293,38.10298,38.103153,38.103313,38.103451,38.103541,38.103735,38.103773,38.103932,38.103957,38.104101,38.104129,38.104153,38.104184,38.104193,38.104188,38.104174,38.104139,38.10407,38.103824,38.103753,38.103449,38.10333,38.103239,38.103197,38.103144,38.103063,38.103028,38.102988,38.102863,38.102661,38.102521,38.102497,38.102397,38.102117,38.102027,38.101857,38.1015,38.101476,38.101459,38.101455,38.101462,38.101483,38.101527,38.101568,38.101715,38.10194,38.102066,38.102524,38.102554,38.102635,38.102704,38.102819,38.103345,38.103707,38.103797,38.103832,38.103898,38.103953,38.103994,38.104044,38.104094,38.104169,38.104379,38.104447,38.104493,38.104518,38.104528,38.104528,38.10452,38.104495,38.104394,38.104273,38.104236,38.104213,38.104201,38.104205,38.104219,38.104249,38.104292,38.104326,38.104343,38.104341,38.104326,38.104297,38.103965,38.103872,38.103707,38.103638,38.103556,38.103357,38.103168,38.10293,38.10283,38.102744,38.102706,38.10266,38.102628,38.102611,38.102605,38.102604,38.102603,38.10263,38.102775]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.49412,-78.493789,-78.493504,-78.493254,-78.49309,-78.493001,-78.492919,-78.492858,-78.492804,-78.492759,-78.492741,-78.492719,-78.492729,-78.492738,-78.49276,-78.492819,-78.492915,-78.49317,-78.493263,-78.493329,-78.4934,-78.493463,-78.493539,-78.493583,-78.493591,-78.493578,-78.493566,-78.493528,-78.493438,-78.493354,-78.49318,-78.493026,-78.492778,-78.492595,-78.492476,-78.492334,-78.492213,-78.492118,-78.492001,-78.491871,-78.491513,-78.491285,-78.491028,-78.490856,-78.490664,-78.49037,-78.490087,-78.489912,-78.488681,-78.488471,-78.488382,-78.488248,-78.488152,-78.488026,-78.487913,-78.487716,-78.487571,-78.487406,-78.487255,-78.487156,-78.487099,-78.487051,-78.48703,-78.487031,-78.487059,-78.487063,-78.48705,-78.487019,-78.486934,-78.486804,-78.48666,-78.486556,-78.486392,-78.486293,-78.486084,-78.485989,-78.485929,-78.485883,-78.485788,-78.485707,-78.485452,-78.485368,-78.485299,-78.485222,-78.48501,-78.484931,-78.484792,-78.484692,-78.484564,-78.484266,-78.484121,-78.483973,-78.483908,-78.483839,-78.483683,-78.483384,-78.483,-78.482896,-78.482827,-78.482802,-78.482746,-78.482659,-78.482622,-78.48258,-78.48257,-78.48259,-78.482653,-78.482656,-78.48264,-78.482617,-78.482588,-78.482548,-78.482498,-78.482338,-78.482222,-78.482034,-78.481855,-78.48149,-78.481237,-78.481142,-78.481047,-78.480947,-78.480704,-78.480542,-78.480367,-78.48022,-78.480055,-78.479965,-78.479861,-78.479733,-78.479621,-78.47941,-78.479248,-78.478629,-78.478391,-78.478163,-78.478049,-78.477934,-78.477814,-78.477597,-78.477382,-78.476943,-78.476876,-78.476801,-78.476718,-78.476605,-78.476483,-78.476355,-78.476276,-78.47604,-78.475951,-78.475353,-78.475177,-78.474829,-78.474684,-78.474543,-78.474408,-78.474282,-78.474137,-78.473845,-78.473752,-78.473418,-78.473071,-78.472835,-78.472595,-78.472532,-78.472293,-78.472046,-78.471886,-78.471754,-78.47163,-78.471447,-78.47128,-78.47114,-78.47101,-78.470927,-78.470863,-78.470828,-78.470805,-78.470801,-78.470796,-78.470788,-78.470786,-78.470706,-78.47068,-78.470619,-78.470581,-78.470469,-78.470244,-78.470106,-78.470077,-78.469196,-78.468993,-78.468878,-78.468747,-78.468551,-78.468305,-78.468125,-78.467739,-78.466319,-78.465967,-78.465694,-78.465612,-78.465539,-78.465485,-78.465455,-78.465449,-78.465372,-78.462017,-78.462002,-78.457422,-78.451119,-78.45012,-78.446976,-78.446042,-78.446021,-78.44242,-78.442376,-78.442164,-78.442031,-78.442005,-78.441257,-78.440786,-78.440298,-78.44021,-78.438379,-78.43838,-78.438107,-78.432688,-78.431502,-78.430471,-78.424793,-78.421614,-78.419161,-78.417359,-78.416816,-78.411009,-78.409954,-78.409542,-78.40747,-78.407392,-78.403077,-78.402108,-78.400641,-78.399808,-78.398052,-78.396801,-78.396706,-78.396421,-78.396311,-78.396281,-78.394631,-78.392446,-78.39031,-78.389564,-78.388811,-78.387807,-78.386667,-78.385988,-78.385667,-78.385008,-78.384368,-78.383973,-78.383155,-78.38144,-78.380363,-78.379763,-78.379448,-78.379332,-78.378909,-78.377436,-78.377138,-78.375901,-78.375462,-78.375375,-78.373595,-78.372497,-78.372361,-78.371733,-78.370611,-78.370352,-78.370026,-78.369061,-78.36902,-78.368984,-78.368967,-78.368876,-78.368805,-78.368743,-78.364759,-78.363356,-78.361922,-78.361369,-78.359131,-78.353682,-78.352149,-78.351996,-78.351587,-78.35017,-78.349432,-78.348214,-78.347837,-78.346813,-78.345869,-78.345806,-78.344725,-78.344677,-78.34454,-78.344325,-78.343834,-78.343274,-78.342952,-78.342033,-78.341747,-78.341674,-78.341497,-78.340382,-78.339944,-78.338492,-78.33796,-78.337266,-78.336457,-78.33618,-78.335555,-78.334384,-78.333952,-78.333063,-78.332907,-78.332451,-78.332788,-78.333371,-78.334128,-78.334699,-78.335255,-78.335738,-78.336325,-78.336859,-78.337255,-78.337713,-78.338281,-78.338788,-78.339182,-78.339399,-78.339786,-78.341062,-78.341367,-78.342554,-78.34287,-78.343581,-78.344217,-78.345088,-78.345688,-78.346288,-78.347062,-78.347593,-78.348234,-78.34906,-78.350227,-78.351166,-78.351604,-78.353175,-78.354286,-78.356634,-78.357487,-78.358279,-78.358894,-78.359732,-78.360304,-78.360879,-78.361378,-78.361946,-78.362373,-78.362927,-78.363511,-78.364034,-78.364883,-78.365937,-78.367269,-78.368082,-78.368747,-78.369265,-78.369897,-78.370396,-78.370891,-78.37137,-78.371953,-78.373128,-78.373962,-78.374376,-78.374912,-78.375783,-78.376522,-78.377497,-78.37854,-78.378975,-78.379539,-78.380388,-78.381294,-78.381648,-78.381966,-78.382296,-78.382891,-78.384167,-78.385628,-78.387103,-78.388065,-78.389091,-78.390379,-78.391659,-78.392684,-78.393397,-78.39406,-78.395115,-78.396238,-78.396842,-78.397336,-78.397743,-78.39835,-78.399682,-78.400686,-78.401705,-78.401777,-78.401906,-78.402605,-78.402736,-78.403005,-78.402852,-78.402917,-78.402875,-78.402971,-78.403138,-78.403114,-78.403517,-78.403515,-78.403031,-78.402787,-78.401783,-78.400908,-78.400591,-78.400419,-78.399374,-78.399083,-78.398811,-78.398477,-78.398171,-78.397059,-78.396349,-78.395873,-78.39567,-78.395438,-78.394968,-78.394776,-78.394691,-78.39473,-78.395073,-78.395384,-78.395721,-78.395993,-78.396066,-78.396828,-78.396901,-78.39721,-78.398283,-78.399047,-78.399203,-78.399234,-78.399981,-78.400377,-78.401102,-78.401498,-78.401824,-78.402243,-78.402681,-78.403573,-78.403799,-78.404264,-78.405452,-78.405736,-78.406296,-78.406814,-78.407245,-78.407686,-78.407846,-78.407607,-78.407316,-78.406325,-78.40606,-78.406031,-78.406051,-78.406235,-78.406535,-78.406852,-78.407149,-78.407873,-78.409626,-78.411076,-78.411455,-78.41227,-78.412514,-78.413535,-78.414328,-78.415655,-78.416476,-78.417971,-78.419083,-78.419686,-78.419884,-78.420509,-78.420801,-78.42094,-78.420853,-78.421116,-78.42121,-78.421151,-78.420508,-78.420207,-78.420072,-78.419994,-78.419688,-78.418972,-78.418684,-78.418567,-78.417879,-78.416439,-78.415796,-78.415284,-78.415001,-78.414919,-78.414979,-78.415211,-78.415356,-78.41554,-78.416259,-78.416635,-78.416836,-78.416859,-78.41695,-78.417017,-78.417167,-78.417953,-78.418092,-78.418126,-78.418296,-78.41833,-78.418438,-78.419136,-78.419405,-78.420028,-78.421016,-78.421472,-78.421861,-78.421962,-78.422064,-78.422304,-78.422489,-78.422308,-78.422393,-78.422761,-78.423016,-78.423514,-78.42376,-78.424596,-78.424715,-78.425932,-78.426289,-78.427074,-78.427612,-78.427759,-78.427711,-78.427664,-78.427176,-78.42688,-78.426676,-78.426568,-78.426419,-78.425657,-78.425475,-78.425434,-78.425352,-78.425223,-78.424936,-78.42469,-78.424458,-78.424316,-78.423906,-78.423759,-78.423906,-78.424317,-78.424672,-78.424722,-78.425093,-78.425205,-78.42558,-78.425971,-78.426227,-78.426349,-78.426469,-78.426599,-78.426681,-78.426839,-78.426974,-78.427586,-78.428429,-78.428843,-78.428939,-78.429045,-78.42922,-78.429408,-78.429578,-78.429651,-78.429741,-78.42981,-78.430038,-78.430076,-78.430175,-78.430277,-78.430358,-78.430468,-78.430574,-78.430803,-78.43084,-78.430968,-78.431071,-78.431157,-78.431214,-78.431315,-78.431538,-78.431677,-78.431834,-78.432146,-78.432183,-78.432215,-78.43225,-78.432289,-78.432349,-78.432678,-78.432733,-78.432814,-78.432881,-78.432938,-78.43298,-78.433011,-78.433034,-78.433039,-78.433021,-78.432984,-78.432865,-78.432816,-78.432808,-78.432811,-78.432833,-78.432912,-78.432931,-78.433065,-78.433123,-78.433187,-78.433245,-78.433331,-78.433389,-78.433482,-78.433611,-78.434085,-78.434255,-78.434492,-78.434598,-78.434697,-78.434978,-78.435086,-78.435179,-78.435333,-78.435447,-78.435666,-78.435713,-78.435809,-78.435919,-78.436214,-78.436467,-78.43683,-78.437205,-78.437565,-78.438202,-78.438438,-78.438706,-78.438789,-78.438892,-78.438984,-78.439103,-78.439241,-78.439336,-78.439413,-78.439545,-78.439606,-78.439831,-78.439977,-78.440095,-78.440277,-78.440466,-78.440719,-78.440976,-78.441195,-78.441464,-78.441698,-78.441854,-78.442033,-78.442214,-78.442352,-78.442476,-78.442585,-78.442989,-78.443274,-78.443358,-78.443426,-78.443531,-78.443698,-78.443742,-78.443801,-78.443848,-78.443939,-78.444008,-78.444109,-78.444222,-78.44431,-78.444431,-78.444527,-78.444672,-78.444861,-78.445106,-78.445377,-78.445599,-78.445814,-78.446063,-78.446227,-78.446491,-78.446762,-78.446881,-78.447037,-78.44718,-78.447367,-78.447492,-78.447564,-78.447612,-78.447648,-78.44767,-78.447677,-78.447666,-78.447642,-78.447595,-78.447546,-78.447477,-78.447396,-78.447279,-78.446886,-78.446719,-78.446527,-78.446326,-78.446237,-78.446165,-78.446097,-78.446076,-78.446033,-78.446027,-78.446035,-78.446055,-78.446089,-78.44614,-78.446329,-78.446378,-78.446422,-78.446508,-78.446598,-78.446683,-78.446817,-78.447047,-78.44712,-78.447101,-78.447097,-78.447104,-78.447131,-78.447171,-78.447219,-78.447315,-78.447596,-78.447664,-78.447771,-78.44787,-78.448078,-78.448195,-78.448344,-78.448608,-78.448984,-78.449204,-78.449302,-78.449421,-78.449501,-78.449588,-78.449741,-78.449853,-78.449964,-78.450215,-78.450433,-78.450688,-78.45121,-78.451733,-78.45197,-78.452683,-78.452763,-78.452891,-78.452972,-78.453117,-78.453245,-78.45342,-78.45386,-78.455307,-78.455419,-78.455522,-78.455824,-78.456177,-78.456496,-78.456821,-78.457254,-78.45759,-78.457927,-78.458314,-78.458641,-78.459718,-78.45988,-78.45988,-78.459944,-78.460041,-78.46009,-78.459912,-78.459734,-78.459318,-78.459306,-78.459276,-78.459249,-78.459162,-78.459058,-78.458897,-78.458715,-78.458485,-78.458358,-78.458313,-78.458294,-78.458281,-78.458261,-78.458263,-78.458279,-78.458311,-78.458372,-78.458417,-78.458484,-78.458553,-78.458664,-78.458864,-78.458991,-78.459424,-78.459705,-78.460217,-78.462291,-78.463036,-78.46327,-78.463639,-78.463975,-78.464147,-78.464439,-78.464818,-78.464899,-78.464994,-78.465072,-78.465158,-78.465321,-78.465879,-78.466117,-78.466306,-78.467889,-78.468124,-78.468401,-78.468978,-78.469272,-78.46942,-78.469891,-78.470394,-78.470697,-78.470827,-78.471224,-78.471465,-78.472845,-78.473019,-78.473299,-78.473432,-78.473643,-78.473793,-78.473925,-78.474045,-78.4743,-78.474387,-78.474543,-78.474773,-78.475004,-78.47522,-78.475444,-78.475682,-78.47599,-78.476927,-78.477492,-78.478546,-78.478702,-78.478886,-78.479031,-78.479204,-78.479444,-78.479578,-78.479705,-78.479811,-78.479961,-78.480497,-78.480691,-78.480778,-78.480902,-78.481043,-78.48117,-78.481718,-78.481851,-78.482061,-78.4822,-78.482322,-78.482416,-78.482496,-78.482551,-78.482615,-78.482694,-78.482729,-78.48275,-78.482745,-78.482728,-78.482723,-78.482722,-78.482734,-78.482765,-78.482826,-78.482835,-78.48293,-78.483006,-78.483117,-78.483279,-78.483475,-78.483705,-78.484075,-78.484441,-78.484869,-78.485815,-78.486331,-78.486519,-78.486821,-78.487044,-78.487193,-78.487568,-78.488263,-78.488512,-78.488844,-78.488912,-78.48916,-78.489417,-78.489538,-78.489824,-78.490332,-78.490674,-78.49074,-78.490795,-78.490892,-78.491346,-78.491684,-78.492078,-78.492792,-78.492933,-78.493064,-78.493158,-78.49327,-78.493468,-78.493542,-78.493566,-78.493592,-78.493602,-78.493598,-78.493535,-78.493468,-78.493464,-78.493467,-78.493475,-78.493505,-78.493519,-78.493554,-78.493709,-78.493924,-78.494006,-78.49412],"lat":[38.174518,38.174977,38.17535,38.175665,38.175872,38.176007,38.176162,38.176307,38.17649,38.176744,38.176958,38.177835,38.177995,38.178047,38.178167,38.17835,38.178568,38.179048,38.179258,38.179437,38.179715,38.179985,38.180352,38.180668,38.180853,38.181051,38.18112,38.181247,38.181453,38.181609,38.181875,38.182085,38.18239,38.182571,38.182662,38.182733,38.18278,38.1828,38.182806,38.182794,38.182709,38.182659,38.18261,38.182583,38.182567,38.182562,38.182576,38.182586,38.182634,38.182659,38.182676,38.182715,38.182756,38.182836,38.182927,38.183121,38.183262,38.183404,38.183527,38.183623,38.183688,38.18378,38.183864,38.184006,38.184278,38.184399,38.184511,38.184619,38.184793,38.185012,38.185231,38.185412,38.18565,38.185771,38.185993,38.186131,38.186247,38.186369,38.18671,38.186963,38.187774,38.188026,38.188229,38.188431,38.188949,38.189154,38.189479,38.189739,38.190035,38.190784,38.191103,38.191358,38.191459,38.191556,38.191766,38.192134,38.192617,38.192771,38.192895,38.192949,38.193088,38.193376,38.193506,38.193748,38.19384,38.1941,38.194515,38.194648,38.194779,38.194897,38.194986,38.195073,38.195157,38.195386,38.195532,38.195736,38.195891,38.19618,38.196393,38.196492,38.196623,38.196815,38.1974,38.197771,38.198096,38.198329,38.198555,38.198656,38.198751,38.198846,38.198914,38.199012,38.19908,38.199293,38.199391,38.199502,38.199566,38.199653,38.19977,38.200029,38.200315,38.200876,38.200943,38.201004,38.201059,38.201117,38.201163,38.201197,38.201211,38.201232,38.201234,38.201245,38.201245,38.201256,38.201274,38.201305,38.201351,38.20141,38.201498,38.201707,38.201781,38.202011,38.202229,38.202366,38.20249,38.202519,38.202622,38.202744,38.202838,38.202931,38.203032,38.203215,38.203393,38.203554,38.203716,38.20385,38.203987,38.204095,38.204233,38.204282,38.204345,38.204441,38.204469,38.205045,38.205201,38.205489,38.205614,38.205911,38.206429,38.206743,38.20681,38.208835,38.209269,38.209476,38.209677,38.209932,38.210221,38.210433,38.210888,38.212548,38.212965,38.213302,38.213433,38.213585,38.213759,38.213911,38.214047,38.214023,38.213004,38.212999,38.211605,38.209794,38.209507,38.208604,38.208329,38.20833,38.207296,38.207283,38.207204,38.207158,38.207149,38.206876,38.20671,38.206549,38.206515,38.205844,38.205809,38.205708,38.204093,38.203739,38.203412,38.201702,38.200744,38.200005,38.199463,38.199299,38.197305,38.196925,38.196776,38.196028,38.196005,38.194452,38.194104,38.193454,38.193085,38.192504,38.192088,38.192075,38.192039,38.192025,38.192018,38.191652,38.191168,38.190694,38.190484,38.190254,38.189949,38.189582,38.189363,38.189263,38.189077,38.188898,38.188786,38.188557,38.188076,38.187774,38.187607,38.187506,38.187475,38.187347,38.186914,38.186816,38.18641,38.186266,38.186237,38.18566,38.1853,38.185255,38.18505,38.184682,38.184597,38.184491,38.184172,38.184158,38.184146,38.184141,38.184112,38.18409,38.184074,38.183081,38.182705,38.182322,38.182181,38.181613,38.180241,38.179858,38.179816,38.179713,38.179356,38.17917,38.178872,38.17878,38.178497,38.178232,38.178214,38.177908,38.177897,38.177858,38.177786,38.177622,38.177434,38.177326,38.177018,38.176923,38.176898,38.176835,38.176439,38.176284,38.175769,38.17558,38.175334,38.17508,38.174994,38.174799,38.174433,38.174298,38.17402,38.173971,38.173829,38.173809,38.173703,38.173537,38.173351,38.173131,38.172891,38.172546,38.172116,38.171765,38.171187,38.170425,38.169712,38.169161,38.168903,38.168296,38.166597,38.166175,38.164539,38.164176,38.16319,38.162302,38.161113,38.160291,38.159486,38.158396,38.157703,38.157025,38.156303,38.155446,38.154798,38.154475,38.153366,38.152579,38.1509,38.150286,38.149732,38.149304,38.148755,38.148476,38.14823,38.14807,38.147939,38.147872,38.147814,38.147799,38.147808,38.14783,38.147856,38.147901,38.147926,38.147915,38.147891,38.147811,38.147696,38.147555,38.147376,38.147124,38.146478,38.146063,38.145829,38.145513,38.145027,38.144672,38.144131,38.143518,38.143267,38.142954,38.142522,38.142027,38.141816,38.141649,38.141483,38.141128,38.140469,38.139692,38.13889,38.138378,38.137799,38.137118,38.136392,38.135884,38.135481,38.135138,38.13457,38.134006,38.133565,38.133187,38.132843,38.132283,38.131011,38.130107,38.12911,38.129042,38.129278,38.13007,38.130306,38.131326,38.131957,38.132075,38.132251,38.132628,38.132755,38.1328,38.134051,38.13445,38.134706,38.134743,38.134634,38.134761,38.134715,38.134654,38.13374,38.133589,38.133549,38.133573,38.133674,38.134203,38.134426,38.134648,38.134909,38.135674,38.136259,38.136667,38.137018,38.137241,38.137763,38.138026,38.138184,38.138223,38.138307,38.138453,38.138537,38.138618,38.139609,38.139937,38.140069,38.140139,38.140146,38.140058,38.140163,38.140075,38.140086,38.140292,38.14061,38.140993,38.141026,38.141239,38.141557,38.141743,38.142628,38.143098,38.14345,38.14395,38.14416,38.144665,38.145095,38.145895,38.146641,38.146724,38.146835,38.147044,38.14716,38.147206,38.14714,38.147202,38.147172,38.147383,38.147365,38.147483,38.147446,38.147485,38.14731,38.147248,38.147149,38.146785,38.146256,38.146089,38.146045,38.146172,38.146324,38.146525,38.147856,38.148511,38.149287,38.149533,38.150057,38.150431,38.15056,38.150636,38.150798,38.151178,38.151265,38.151301,38.151237,38.151573,38.151516,38.151696,38.152672,38.153204,38.15354,38.153936,38.154502,38.15471,38.155032,38.155094,38.154971,38.154899,38.15462,38.154416,38.154184,38.153402,38.153265,38.153125,38.153004,38.152864,38.152807,38.151855,38.151712,38.151657,38.151837,38.152085,38.152379,38.152456,38.152532,38.152713,38.152922,38.153476,38.153707,38.154123,38.154233,38.154305,38.154449,38.154679,38.154769,38.155163,38.155433,38.156454,38.15675,38.156916,38.157309,38.157349,38.157776,38.158977,38.159265,38.159322,38.159554,38.159989,38.160246,38.160276,38.16036,38.160458,38.160646,38.161083,38.161848,38.162045,38.162385,38.1628,38.162966,38.163207,38.163353,38.163296,38.16286,38.162763,38.162512,38.162244,38.162063,38.161978,38.161912,38.16186,38.161835,38.161807,38.161799,38.161792,38.161796,38.161811,38.161815,38.16181,38.161789,38.161753,38.16172,38.161717,38.161727,38.161746,38.161842,38.161853,38.161873,38.161878,38.161873,38.161851,38.161821,38.161728,38.161708,38.161626,38.161545,38.161456,38.161379,38.161197,38.160743,38.160544,38.160352,38.160022,38.15997,38.159901,38.159843,38.159802,38.159759,38.159607,38.159578,38.15952,38.159452,38.159369,38.159277,38.159159,38.15901,38.158837,38.158706,38.158578,38.158308,38.15816,38.158081,38.157948,38.157817,38.157574,38.157514,38.157227,38.157077,38.156833,38.15672,38.1566,38.156524,38.156418,38.156294,38.15593,38.155766,38.155503,38.155403,38.155328,38.155133,38.15505,38.154956,38.154746,38.154517,38.153938,38.15385,38.153729,38.153617,38.153373,38.153182,38.152875,38.152549,38.15226,38.15171,38.151512,38.15128,38.151222,38.151163,38.151128,38.151104,38.151099,38.151109,38.151128,38.151162,38.151181,38.151249,38.151294,38.151318,38.151339,38.151339,38.151319,38.151279,38.151233,38.151156,38.151069,38.150997,38.150899,38.150779,38.150671,38.150552,38.150425,38.149832,38.149407,38.149269,38.149126,38.148835,38.14828,38.148139,38.147974,38.147861,38.147679,38.14757,38.147441,38.147324,38.147247,38.14716,38.147104,38.147029,38.146947,38.146861,38.146753,38.146658,38.146551,38.146407,38.146303,38.146112,38.145879,38.145764,38.145601,38.145428,38.145162,38.144953,38.144806,38.14468,38.144552,38.144421,38.144277,38.144125,38.144007,38.143864,38.143753,38.143633,38.143515,38.143375,38.142975,38.142794,38.142562,38.142249,38.14209,38.141927,38.141711,38.14162,38.14132,38.141169,38.140978,38.140751,38.140496,38.140242,38.13922,38.138995,38.138856,38.138646,38.138474,38.138341,38.138157,38.137843,38.137631,38.137584,38.13755,38.137501,38.137467,38.137438,38.13742,38.137407,38.137152,38.137064,38.136944,38.136851,38.136677,38.136591,38.136482,38.136309,38.136062,38.135919,38.13585,38.135754,38.135682,38.135604,38.135444,38.135311,38.135161,38.134761,38.134397,38.13397,38.133095,38.132233,38.131842,38.130688,38.130569,38.130407,38.130319,38.130179,38.130075,38.129953,38.129607,38.128416,38.128325,38.12827,38.128086,38.127902,38.127786,38.127691,38.127606,38.127566,38.127566,38.127579,38.127603,38.127651,38.12779,38.127879,38.128006,38.128069,38.128069,38.12906,38.129975,38.131363,38.131542,38.131718,38.131822,38.132048,38.132269,38.13257,38.132926,38.133384,38.133655,38.133777,38.133856,38.133916,38.134086,38.134229,38.134342,38.134464,38.134625,38.13472,38.134831,38.134947,38.135111,38.135362,38.135509,38.135977,38.136275,38.136807,38.13891,38.139672,38.139904,38.140268,38.14062,38.140824,38.141212,38.141733,38.141845,38.141963,38.142063,38.142163,38.142325,38.14281,38.142998,38.143125,38.144132,38.144272,38.144421,38.14469,38.144827,38.144895,38.145124,38.145394,38.14557,38.145651,38.145901,38.146055,38.146937,38.147052,38.147252,38.147354,38.147532,38.147676,38.14782,38.147966,38.1483,38.148408,38.148581,38.148802,38.148988,38.149149,38.149294,38.149426,38.149582,38.150041,38.15031,38.150817,38.150899,38.151013,38.151124,38.151275,38.151516,38.151668,38.151826,38.151975,38.152217,38.153289,38.153666,38.153806,38.153973,38.15413,38.154251,38.15476,38.154898,38.155136,38.155315,38.155492,38.155645,38.155805,38.155952,38.156196,38.15664,38.156876,38.157077,38.157249,38.1574,38.157479,38.157577,38.157664,38.15777,38.157912,38.157933,38.158094,38.158206,38.158334,38.158482,38.158634,38.158795,38.159038,38.159262,38.15951,38.160044,38.160345,38.160461,38.160666,38.160845,38.160982,38.161365,38.162082,38.162342,38.162716,38.162805,38.163189,38.163615,38.163827,38.164374,38.165382,38.166102,38.166227,38.16632,38.166472,38.16709,38.167542,38.168056,38.168996,38.169201,38.169422,38.169617,38.16988,38.170375,38.170587,38.170675,38.170824,38.17099,38.171142,38.171788,38.172404,38.172574,38.172647,38.172734,38.172892,38.172943,38.173047,38.173442,38.173954,38.174171,38.174518]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.447037,-78.446798,-78.446312,-78.445798,-78.445154,-78.444962,-78.444846,-78.444804,-78.444601,-78.443727,-78.442868,-78.442418,-78.44215,-78.441901,-78.441836,-78.44199,-78.44245,-78.44257,-78.442771,-78.442982,-78.442941,-78.4429,-78.442512,-78.442028,-78.441418,-78.440619,-78.440179,-78.439816,-78.438868,-78.437695,-78.436195,-78.43525,-78.43432,-78.434104,-78.434079,-78.434027,-78.433986,-78.433928,-78.433846,-78.433787,-78.433325,-78.433067,-78.43286,-78.432467,-78.431945,-78.431174,-78.431049,-78.430866,-78.430719,-78.430598,-78.43048,-78.430278,-78.430099,-78.429969,-78.429786,-78.429564,-78.429388,-78.429214,-78.429137,-78.429052,-78.428968,-78.428926,-78.428883,-78.428856,-78.428846,-78.428849,-78.428841,-78.428805,-78.428762,-78.428684,-78.428568,-78.428439,-78.428294,-78.428124,-78.427991,-78.427327,-78.426269,-78.425836,-78.425603,-78.425269,-78.425127,-78.425054,-78.424819,-78.42456,-78.424255,-78.423918,-78.423759,-78.423612,-78.423519,-78.423071,-78.423142,-78.423207,-78.423297,-78.423316,-78.423349,-78.423358,-78.423352,-78.423319,-78.423159,-78.423055,-78.423035,-78.423031,-78.423044,-78.423123,-78.423198,-78.423305,-78.423413,-78.423547,-78.423716,-78.423872,-78.423986,-78.424084,-78.424294,-78.42436,-78.424479,-78.424499,-78.424501,-78.42448,-78.424489,-78.424554,-78.424098,-78.423176,-78.421991,-78.421639,-78.421339,-78.420841,-78.42032,-78.419582,-78.419363,-78.418921,-78.418441,-78.417983,-78.417433,-78.416702,-78.416486,-78.415708,-78.415202,-78.414219,-78.414091,-78.413585,-78.413399,-78.413017,-78.412603,-78.411684,-78.410727,-78.410295,-78.410036,-78.409724,-78.409483,-78.408796,-78.408299,-78.407262,-78.406297,-78.405797,-78.405159,-78.403162,-78.402309,-78.401863,-78.401777,-78.401705,-78.400686,-78.399682,-78.39835,-78.397743,-78.397336,-78.396842,-78.396238,-78.395115,-78.39406,-78.393397,-78.392684,-78.391659,-78.390379,-78.389091,-78.388065,-78.387103,-78.385628,-78.384167,-78.382891,-78.382296,-78.381966,-78.381648,-78.381294,-78.380388,-78.379539,-78.378975,-78.37854,-78.377497,-78.376522,-78.375783,-78.374912,-78.374376,-78.373962,-78.373128,-78.371953,-78.37137,-78.370891,-78.370396,-78.369897,-78.369265,-78.368747,-78.368082,-78.367269,-78.365937,-78.364883,-78.364034,-78.363511,-78.362927,-78.362373,-78.361946,-78.361378,-78.360879,-78.360304,-78.359732,-78.358894,-78.358279,-78.357487,-78.356634,-78.354286,-78.353175,-78.351604,-78.351166,-78.350227,-78.34906,-78.348234,-78.347593,-78.347062,-78.346288,-78.345688,-78.345088,-78.344217,-78.343581,-78.34287,-78.342554,-78.341367,-78.341062,-78.339786,-78.339399,-78.339182,-78.338788,-78.338281,-78.337713,-78.337255,-78.336859,-78.336325,-78.335738,-78.335255,-78.334699,-78.334128,-78.333371,-78.332788,-78.332451,-78.332212,-78.332161,-78.33213,-78.330853,-78.330123,-78.330085,-78.329993,-78.32934,-78.329156,-78.327454,-78.326903,-78.324239,-78.324183,-78.323636,-78.323263,-78.322332,-78.322094,-78.321974,-78.321721,-78.320705,-78.317918,-78.317063,-78.314635,-78.311912,-78.311665,-78.311355,-78.310701,-78.310022,-78.307372,-78.305311,-78.299653,-78.299464,-78.2987,-78.297828,-78.296855,-78.296588,-78.296243,-78.295855,-78.292945,-78.292318,-78.291395,-78.291246,-78.291005,-78.29008,-78.289001,-78.283897,-78.281118,-78.27735,-78.276876,-78.275339,-78.274406,-78.272871,-78.26979,-78.26926,-78.265509,-78.262319,-78.261957,-78.256818,-78.255846,-78.251898,-78.240784,-78.239629,-78.238757,-78.236434,-78.232831,-78.221767,-78.21248,-78.211796,-78.209384,-78.210146,-78.210942,-78.211645,-78.211781,-78.212083,-78.212246,-78.215227,-78.221143,-78.221905,-78.223426,-78.224308,-78.226505,-78.22682,-78.227306,-78.227789,-78.228991,-78.23278,-78.236723,-78.241693,-78.242229,-78.243721,-78.243797,-78.244435,-78.247285,-78.251825,-78.252895,-78.253662,-78.253686,-78.253989,-78.257329,-78.259608,-78.259769,-78.259842,-78.262106,-78.262995,-78.265879,-78.269683,-78.271446,-78.274773,-78.275381,-78.276507,-78.277469,-78.277636,-78.278374,-78.278492,-78.278935,-78.279001,-78.279137,-78.280679,-78.283595,-78.28492,-78.284962,-78.287237,-78.289254,-78.291825,-78.293178,-78.295032,-78.296122,-78.296879,-78.298663,-78.299727,-78.303075,-78.303899,-78.305779,-78.306466,-78.306763,-78.306866,-78.30776,-78.30795,-78.308791,-78.309321,-78.309789,-78.310007,-78.310235,-78.312329,-78.31297,-78.313229,-78.314461,-78.315347,-78.315715,-78.316855,-78.319529,-78.320173,-78.320252,-78.320306,-78.324537,-78.324615,-78.324794,-78.325385,-78.32666,-78.327541,-78.327659,-78.329113,-78.33009,-78.330652,-78.331474,-78.331591,-78.331968,-78.332699,-78.332976,-78.333022,-78.333154,-78.333834,-78.334079,-78.334909,-78.335476,-78.335723,-78.336019,-78.33652,-78.336879,-78.337141,-78.337507,-78.337766,-78.338249,-78.338815,-78.339259,-78.340997,-78.343614,-78.344952,-78.345404,-78.3472,-78.348114,-78.349403,-78.349934,-78.350968,-78.351509,-78.352768,-78.353678,-78.354007,-78.355319,-78.356042,-78.357176,-78.357687,-78.358014,-78.358417,-78.35878,-78.358899,-78.359944,-78.360335,-78.361257,-78.36191,-78.36205,-78.362505,-78.363654,-78.36449,-78.365316,-78.366106,-78.3664,-78.366565,-78.367002,-78.368377,-78.369068,-78.369499,-78.370512,-78.371226,-78.371652,-78.372005,-78.372307,-78.372752,-78.373076,-78.373346,-78.373585,-78.373686,-78.374052,-78.374326,-78.374871,-78.375457,-78.376433,-78.377188,-78.378537,-78.37876,-78.378895,-78.379426,-78.38174,-78.382474,-78.383043,-78.384131,-78.386345,-78.386968,-78.389403,-78.389843,-78.391549,-78.392958,-78.393322,-78.393357,-78.393511,-78.393699,-78.394012,-78.394147,-78.394268,-78.394376,-78.394482,-78.395122,-78.395398,-78.395905,-78.397189,-78.397478,-78.397706,-78.397927,-78.398457,-78.399058,-78.40054,-78.400762,-78.401011,-78.40123,-78.401495,-78.401764,-78.402049,-78.402384,-78.402654,-78.402951,-78.403239,-78.403705,-78.403963,-78.404452,-78.405131,-78.406896,-78.40997,-78.410328,-78.411945,-78.412227,-78.412818,-78.413047,-78.413431,-78.41402,-78.414407,-78.414834,-78.415261,-78.41536,-78.415714,-78.416632,-78.417603,-78.418562,-78.421237,-78.422503,-78.422861,-78.423681,-78.424482,-78.424744,-78.424749,-78.424783,-78.424783,-78.4247,-78.424629,-78.424617,-78.424533,-78.424325,-78.424138,-78.423943,-78.42377,-78.423638,-78.423603,-78.423603,-78.423624,-78.423665,-78.423749,-78.423776,-78.423776,-78.423762,-78.423693,-78.423676,-78.423499,-78.423339,-78.423155,-78.42313,-78.423019,-78.422954,-78.422903,-78.422888,-78.422665,-78.42252,-78.422492,-78.422436,-78.422276,-78.422165,-78.422172,-78.422214,-78.422217,-78.42229,-78.422269,-78.42222,-78.422144,-78.421943,-78.421845,-78.421776,-78.421658,-78.421547,-78.421248,-78.421262,-78.42147,-78.421588,-78.421588,-78.421456,-78.421289,-78.42122,-78.421206,-78.421178,-78.421178,-78.421254,-78.42122,-78.42097,-78.420858,-78.420817,-78.420775,-78.420754,-78.42065,-78.420566,-78.420546,-78.420504,-78.420518,-78.420629,-78.420656,-78.420566,-78.420441,-78.420288,-78.420115,-78.420011,-78.419629,-78.419497,-78.419441,-78.419344,-78.41933,-78.419365,-78.419427,-78.419469,-78.419454,-78.419318,-78.419142,-78.418919,-78.418763,-78.418656,-78.416286,-78.415905,-78.414638,-78.414342,-78.413387,-78.412973,-78.412471,-78.411677,-78.411005,-78.410762,-78.410532,-78.409784,-78.409067,-78.408289,-78.407511,-78.406137,-78.405496,-78.404352,-78.403055,-78.401834,-78.400781,-78.399759,-78.399179,-78.398342,-78.397643,-78.397126,-78.396717,-78.396383,-78.396109,-78.395942,-78.395699,-78.39518,-78.394488,-78.393613,-78.391925,-78.390382,-78.38935,-78.38867,-78.388208,-78.387856,-78.387188,-78.385962,-78.38482,-78.38363,-78.382537,-78.381407,-78.380014,-78.379004,-78.377911,-78.377038,-78.376809,-78.376753,-78.376621,-78.376488,-78.376398,-78.376356,-78.375821,-78.376134,-78.37678,-78.380078,-78.380529,-78.381174,-78.381431,-78.381584,-78.381966,-78.382417,-78.382695,-78.382903,-78.383056,-78.383174,-78.383347,-78.383805,-78.384034,-78.384325,-78.384457,-78.384526,-78.38461,-78.384755,-78.384991,-78.385137,-78.385317,-78.385526,-78.385595,-78.385762,-78.385977,-78.386178,-78.386477,-78.386803,-78.387025,-78.387282,-78.387553,-78.388087,-78.388448,-78.388684,-78.388989,-78.389246,-78.389295,-78.389628,-78.389912,-78.390433,-78.390662,-78.391725,-78.392322,-78.392803,-78.392919,-78.393419,-78.393551,-78.393961,-78.394107,-78.39414,-78.394177,-78.394244,-78.394325,-78.394413,-78.394504,-78.394789,-78.394825,-78.394852,-78.394853,-78.394878,-78.394905,-78.394939,-78.395061,-78.395121,-78.39521,-78.395288,-78.39546,-78.395666,-78.396023,-78.396188,-78.396348,-78.396533,-78.396863,-78.397067,-78.397148,-78.39717,-78.39721,-78.397368,-78.397493,-78.397646,-78.397923,-78.398186,-78.398944,-78.399029,-78.399835,-78.399931,-78.400225,-78.400301,-78.400838,-78.400929,-78.401032,-78.401181,-78.401414,-78.401591,-78.401667,-78.401787,-78.401896,-78.401959,-78.401999,-78.402033,-78.402059,-78.402081,-78.402096,-78.402177,-78.402218,-78.402256,-78.402341,-78.402305,-78.402319,-78.402472,-78.402625,-78.402749,-78.40293,-78.403062,-78.403236,-78.403451,-78.403695,-78.403729,-78.40384,-78.403812,-78.403888,-78.403978,-78.404089,-78.404186,-78.404277,-78.40461,-78.404721,-78.404818,-78.405006,-78.405145,-78.405207,-78.405444,-78.405596,-78.405957,-78.406499,-78.406635,-78.406978,-78.407124,-78.407374,-78.407533,-78.407658,-78.40786,-78.408207,-78.408464,-78.408707,-78.408894,-78.40911,-78.409276,-78.409756,-78.410276,-78.410388,-78.41045,-78.410596,-78.410665,-78.41091,-78.41104,-78.411151,-78.411263,-78.411408,-78.41154,-78.411645,-78.41186,-78.411978,-78.412145,-78.412818,-78.41311,-78.413971,-78.414235,-78.414485,-78.415027,-78.415722,-78.415854,-78.416041,-78.416263,-78.416499,-78.41677,-78.417319,-78.417485,-78.417603,-78.417874,-78.418347,-78.418789,-78.419048,-78.419389,-78.420194,-78.420924,-78.421542,-78.422118,-78.422452,-78.422903,-78.423237,-78.423577,-78.423841,-78.424279,-78.424391,-78.424556,-78.424751,-78.425161,-78.425348,-78.425563,-78.426279,-78.426557,-78.426709,-78.426925,-78.42705,-78.427543,-78.427758,-78.427953,-78.428064,-78.428529,-78.428946,-78.429162,-78.429321,-78.429516,-78.430349,-78.431294,-78.431676,-78.432065,-78.432253,-78.432693,-78.432753,-78.432982,-78.433043,-78.433128,-78.433336,-78.4336,-78.43385,-78.434065,-78.434468,-78.434593,-78.434892,-78.435413,-78.436392,-78.436566,-78.43701,-78.437462,-78.437906,-78.438129,-78.438407,-78.438504,-78.43867,-78.438858,-78.43908,-78.439323,-78.439508,-78.439558,-78.439468,-78.43976,-78.43987,-78.439964,-78.440501,-78.440772,-78.441729,-78.441992,-78.442102,-78.442739,-78.44314,-78.444142,-78.444662,-78.444798,-78.444909,-78.445947,-78.446303,-78.446561,-78.44683,-78.446972,-78.447037],"lat":[38.07944,38.08024,38.080896,38.082056,38.082979,38.083968,38.08406,38.084236,38.084497,38.085205,38.085662,38.085778,38.085921,38.086175,38.086638,38.087168,38.087724,38.087869,38.088007,38.088247,38.088296,38.088355,38.088988,38.089766,38.090734,38.091693,38.092088,38.092467,38.093229,38.094108,38.095217,38.095904,38.096609,38.096798,38.096782,38.096738,38.096719,38.096707,38.096711,38.096705,38.09663,38.09656,38.096486,38.096281,38.095989,38.095578,38.095525,38.095464,38.095431,38.095414,38.095405,38.095416,38.095441,38.09547,38.095528,38.095618,38.095707,38.095815,38.095873,38.095953,38.096064,38.096143,38.096269,38.096397,38.096554,38.096773,38.097096,38.097293,38.097449,38.097637,38.097866,38.098076,38.09828,38.09846,38.098581,38.099099,38.099954,38.10032,38.100571,38.100987,38.101189,38.101306,38.101731,38.102242,38.102821,38.103423,38.103667,38.103866,38.103986,38.104531,38.104594,38.104666,38.104795,38.104833,38.10493,38.105019,38.10509,38.105179,38.105448,38.105598,38.105663,38.105729,38.105803,38.106021,38.106183,38.106372,38.106531,38.106694,38.106888,38.107096,38.107278,38.107463,38.107816,38.107943,38.10821,38.108296,38.108383,38.108578,38.108651,38.108836,38.109138,38.109734,38.110538,38.110796,38.111009,38.111365,38.111787,38.112449,38.112648,38.113051,38.113491,38.113931,38.114433,38.115122,38.11535,38.11605,38.116537,38.117416,38.117531,38.118021,38.118219,38.118573,38.118966,38.1198,38.120689,38.121105,38.121345,38.12165,38.121877,38.122661,38.123117,38.124068,38.125003,38.125262,38.12592,38.127739,38.12857,38.128967,38.129042,38.12911,38.130107,38.131011,38.132283,38.132843,38.133187,38.133565,38.134006,38.13457,38.135138,38.135481,38.135884,38.136392,38.137118,38.137799,38.138378,38.13889,38.139692,38.140469,38.141128,38.141483,38.141649,38.141816,38.142027,38.142522,38.142954,38.143267,38.143518,38.144131,38.144672,38.145027,38.145513,38.145829,38.146063,38.146478,38.147124,38.147376,38.147555,38.147696,38.147811,38.147891,38.147915,38.147926,38.147901,38.147856,38.14783,38.147808,38.147799,38.147814,38.147872,38.147939,38.14807,38.14823,38.148476,38.148755,38.149304,38.149732,38.150286,38.1509,38.152579,38.153366,38.154475,38.154798,38.155446,38.156303,38.157025,38.157703,38.158396,38.159486,38.160291,38.161113,38.162302,38.16319,38.164176,38.164539,38.166175,38.166597,38.168296,38.168903,38.169161,38.169712,38.170425,38.171187,38.171765,38.172116,38.172546,38.172891,38.173131,38.173351,38.173537,38.173703,38.173809,38.173829,38.173754,38.173736,38.173725,38.173274,38.173016,38.173004,38.172973,38.172753,38.172692,38.17212,38.171935,38.171028,38.171009,38.170823,38.170696,38.170379,38.170298,38.170257,38.170171,38.169825,38.168876,38.168584,38.167698,38.166801,38.16672,38.166617,38.16641,38.166195,38.165353,38.164702,38.162909,38.162843,38.162572,38.162263,38.161919,38.161824,38.161702,38.161565,38.160541,38.160313,38.159986,38.159933,38.159848,38.159521,38.159156,38.157399,38.156446,38.155165,38.155004,38.154482,38.154166,38.153642,38.152597,38.152416,38.151056,38.149899,38.149768,38.147905,38.147552,38.146121,38.142352,38.141944,38.141636,38.140813,38.139526,38.13555,38.132235,38.13199,38.131128,38.129944,38.128711,38.127618,38.127409,38.126938,38.126685,38.122057,38.112864,38.111703,38.109312,38.107955,38.104537,38.104048,38.103292,38.102542,38.100671,38.094788,38.088832,38.081339,38.080533,38.078291,38.078171,38.077206,38.072917,38.066075,38.064462,38.063306,38.06327,38.062813,38.059536,38.05731,38.05715,38.057073,38.054849,38.053983,38.051154,38.047433,38.045697,38.042429,38.041677,38.040274,38.039075,38.038867,38.03795,38.037803,38.037252,38.03717,38.037001,38.035088,38.031456,38.029806,38.029761,38.027332,38.025177,38.022431,38.020989,38.019005,38.017844,38.017034,38.015129,38.013993,38.010414,38.009535,38.007526,38.006794,38.006474,38.006364,38.005342,38.005122,38.004158,38.003553,38.003014,38.002767,38.002502,38.000101,37.999364,37.999067,37.997655,37.996638,37.996219,37.994909,37.991842,37.991104,37.991013,37.990953,37.986103,37.986009,37.986037,37.986126,37.986314,37.986446,37.986464,37.986679,37.986825,37.986911,37.987038,37.987056,37.987121,37.987266,37.987327,37.987338,37.987369,37.987539,37.987608,37.987855,37.988041,37.988132,37.988236,37.988428,37.988575,37.988688,37.988854,37.988976,37.989211,37.989488,37.989715,37.990583,37.991905,37.99258,37.992805,37.993705,37.994163,37.994806,37.995074,37.995595,37.995871,37.996512,37.996966,37.997132,37.997789,37.998153,37.998732,37.998995,37.999173,37.999393,37.999605,37.999675,38.000294,38.000517,38.001049,38.001434,38.001516,38.001781,38.00245,38.002937,38.00342,38.003882,38.004052,38.004147,38.004407,38.005204,38.005611,38.005862,38.006452,38.006873,38.007121,38.007326,38.007496,38.007729,38.007876,38.007981,38.008063,38.008093,38.008201,38.00827,38.008387,38.008497,38.008672,38.008818,38.009067,38.009107,38.009132,38.009231,38.009662,38.009799,38.009902,38.010099,38.010514,38.010633,38.011082,38.011163,38.01148,38.011741,38.011815,38.011822,38.011863,38.011927,38.012065,38.012139,38.012216,38.012291,38.012366,38.01284,38.013044,38.013428,38.014379,38.014568,38.014705,38.014828,38.015096,38.015379,38.01612,38.016231,38.016345,38.016431,38.016522,38.0166,38.016666,38.016724,38.01676,38.016787,38.016797,38.016787,38.016769,38.016715,38.016624,38.016342,38.015818,38.015757,38.015479,38.015434,38.015339,38.015308,38.015269,38.01523,38.015222,38.015225,38.015244,38.015251,38.015279,38.015366,38.015461,38.015553,38.01581,38.015945,38.015991,38.01611,38.016231,38.016272,38.016499,38.016839,38.017075,38.017355,38.017454,38.017471,38.017559,38.017685,38.017784,38.017959,38.018206,38.018514,38.018772,38.019096,38.019255,38.019337,38.019574,38.019744,38.019925,38.020029,38.020227,38.020249,38.020474,38.020738,38.021215,38.021281,38.021479,38.021546,38.0216,38.021616,38.02194,38.022296,38.022363,38.022906,38.02328,38.02362,38.023878,38.024169,38.024186,38.024559,38.024823,38.025009,38.025152,38.025426,38.025679,38.025997,38.026338,38.026492,38.026997,38.027123,38.027557,38.027919,38.028095,38.028353,38.028616,38.028842,38.029259,38.029463,38.029616,38.030319,38.030434,38.030752,38.030923,38.03112,38.031406,38.031675,38.032317,38.032504,38.03269,38.032921,38.033093,38.033404,38.033657,38.033849,38.033992,38.034113,38.034272,38.034321,38.034612,38.034788,38.034925,38.035227,38.035403,38.035683,38.035957,38.036281,38.036551,38.036762,38.036993,38.0371,38.037158,38.037267,38.040134,38.040111,38.040097,38.040097,38.040098,38.040208,38.040341,38.040769,38.041257,38.041469,38.041623,38.041989,38.042157,38.042119,38.041775,38.041531,38.041455,38.041424,38.041447,38.041661,38.041928,38.042264,38.042546,38.042793,38.043108,38.043698,38.044356,38.044779,38.045006,38.045058,38.045118,38.045102,38.045035,38.045189,38.045652,38.046145,38.046424,38.046704,38.046955,38.047197,38.04738,38.047891,38.048229,38.048683,38.049358,38.049909,38.050489,38.050809,38.051031,38.051166,38.051178,38.051191,38.051206,38.051207,38.051198,38.051186,38.05107,38.051268,38.051752,38.053964,38.054206,38.054519,38.054629,38.054739,38.054843,38.054904,38.05503,38.055113,38.055245,38.055388,38.055679,38.056299,38.056547,38.056827,38.05703,38.057195,38.057294,38.05742,38.057673,38.057799,38.057914,38.058244,38.058288,38.058354,38.058409,38.058475,38.058601,38.058755,38.058821,38.058915,38.059046,38.059387,38.059673,38.060008,38.06026,38.060458,38.060546,38.060936,38.061161,38.061354,38.061447,38.0617,38.061761,38.061779,38.061783,38.06164,38.061531,38.06124,38.061095,38.061089,38.06111,38.06114,38.061168,38.061183,38.061183,38.061139,38.061391,38.061734,38.062167,38.062617,38.062765,38.062882,38.063121,38.063213,38.063321,38.063398,38.063534,38.063668,38.063839,38.063922,38.064026,38.064167,38.064445,38.064616,38.064689,38.064709,38.064736,38.064824,38.064878,38.064926,38.064982,38.065016,38.065162,38.065174,38.065395,38.065427,38.065566,38.065611,38.066014,38.06606,38.066092,38.066121,38.066156,38.066198,38.066223,38.066276,38.066342,38.066394,38.066435,38.066493,38.066577,38.066698,38.066913,38.066875,38.066873,38.066885,38.066941,38.066992,38.067211,38.067337,38.067431,38.067716,38.06787,38.067903,38.067914,38.067958,38.068089,38.068107,38.068282,38.068524,38.068744,38.068848,38.069101,38.069265,38.069326,38.069463,38.069458,38.069408,38.069282,38.06926,38.069238,38.069271,38.069348,38.069507,38.069799,38.069896,38.070205,38.070282,38.070458,38.070655,38.070859,38.071012,38.071188,38.071397,38.071573,38.071633,38.071622,38.071628,38.071677,38.071765,38.071842,38.071941,38.072045,38.072078,38.072111,38.072128,38.072172,38.072254,38.072348,38.072375,38.07237,38.072221,38.072117,38.072057,38.072068,38.072178,38.072392,38.072442,38.072458,38.07242,38.072491,38.07259,38.072755,38.072909,38.073096,38.073227,38.073436,38.073562,38.073606,38.073661,38.073683,38.073665,38.073656,38.073607,38.073442,38.073387,38.07342,38.073508,38.073519,38.073492,38.073426,38.073388,38.073344,38.073333,38.073344,38.07336,38.073443,38.073652,38.073728,38.073794,38.073937,38.07402,38.074086,38.074091,38.074053,38.073712,38.073493,38.073312,38.073224,38.07301,38.072631,38.072554,38.072527,38.072455,38.072027,38.071511,38.071319,38.071621,38.071692,38.071808,38.071824,38.071862,38.071883,38.071912,38.072011,38.072214,38.072329,38.072395,38.072477,38.072532,38.07262,38.072736,38.072862,38.072895,38.072944,38.072983,38.072999,38.073027,38.073005,38.072961,38.072736,38.072593,38.072456,38.072362,38.072304,38.072584,38.073152,38.073884,38.074009,38.074082,38.0745,38.074539,38.07504,38.075115,38.07524,38.075514,38.07579,38.076298,38.076664,38.076683,38.076808,38.077358,38.077627,38.077919,38.078357,38.078741,38.07944]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.481031,-78.480884,-78.480751,-78.480161,-78.479212,-78.479152,-78.479084,-78.478445,-78.47732,-78.477131,-78.476926,-78.47674,-78.475763,-78.475674,-78.475483,-78.475327,-78.47527,-78.475249,-78.475109,-78.474959,-78.474414,-78.474243,-78.474145,-78.472624,-78.472478,-78.472202,-78.471996,-78.470174,-78.469504,-78.468992,-78.468884,-78.468692,-78.468612,-78.469202,-78.468991,-78.468749,-78.467685,-78.467009,-78.466928,-78.466143,-78.466024,-78.465929,-78.46581,-78.465725,-78.46532,-78.465294,-78.465284,-78.464853,-78.464065,-78.46368,-78.463634,-78.463562,-78.463466,-78.46335,-78.46323,-78.463158,-78.46256,-78.462674,-78.462549,-78.462531,-78.46241,-78.462117,-78.462108,-78.462078,-78.462089,-78.461963,-78.461447,-78.46114,-78.460874,-78.460228,-78.459795,-78.45951,-78.45908,-78.458823,-78.458372,-78.458184,-78.457945,-78.457733,-78.457448,-78.457147,-78.456868,-78.456791,-78.456658,-78.456589,-78.456133,-78.454861,-78.45484,-78.454668,-78.454752,-78.454649,-78.454296,-78.453977,-78.453785,-78.453633,-78.453455,-78.453001,-78.452366,-78.452049,-78.451907,-78.451841,-78.451782,-78.451761,-78.451696,-78.451095,-78.450971,-78.450375,-78.450025,-78.449409,-78.448937,-78.448759,-78.448634,-78.448402,-78.448376,-78.448302,-78.448053,-78.44798,-78.4478,-78.447733,-78.447411,-78.447145,-78.446829,-78.446665,-78.445091,-78.443364,-78.443065,-78.442918,-78.442511,-78.442002,-78.441855,-78.441493,-78.440939,-78.439139,-78.438209,-78.436517,-78.435353,-78.434268,-78.434161,-78.433881,-78.433437,-78.431519,-78.431248,-78.431041,-78.430318,-78.429757,-78.429656,-78.429586,-78.429572,-78.429538,-78.429406,-78.429239,-78.428767,-78.428601,-78.428309,-78.428163,-78.427893,-78.427601,-78.426914,-78.426602,-78.426338,-78.426102,-78.425894,-78.425033,-78.424867,-78.424735,-78.424744,-78.424482,-78.423681,-78.422861,-78.422503,-78.421237,-78.418562,-78.417603,-78.416632,-78.415714,-78.41536,-78.415261,-78.414834,-78.414407,-78.41402,-78.413431,-78.413047,-78.412818,-78.412227,-78.411945,-78.410328,-78.40997,-78.406896,-78.405131,-78.404452,-78.403963,-78.403705,-78.403239,-78.402951,-78.402654,-78.402384,-78.402049,-78.401764,-78.401495,-78.40123,-78.401011,-78.400762,-78.40054,-78.399058,-78.398457,-78.397927,-78.397706,-78.397478,-78.397189,-78.395905,-78.395398,-78.395122,-78.394482,-78.394376,-78.394268,-78.394147,-78.394012,-78.393699,-78.393511,-78.393357,-78.393322,-78.392958,-78.391549,-78.389843,-78.389403,-78.386968,-78.386345,-78.384131,-78.383043,-78.382474,-78.38174,-78.379426,-78.378895,-78.37876,-78.378537,-78.377188,-78.376433,-78.375457,-78.374871,-78.374326,-78.374052,-78.373686,-78.373585,-78.373346,-78.373076,-78.372752,-78.372307,-78.372005,-78.371652,-78.371226,-78.370512,-78.369499,-78.369068,-78.368377,-78.367002,-78.366565,-78.3664,-78.366106,-78.365316,-78.36449,-78.363654,-78.362505,-78.36205,-78.36191,-78.361257,-78.360335,-78.359944,-78.358899,-78.35878,-78.358417,-78.358014,-78.357687,-78.357176,-78.356042,-78.355319,-78.354007,-78.353678,-78.352768,-78.351509,-78.350968,-78.349934,-78.349403,-78.348114,-78.3472,-78.345404,-78.344952,-78.343614,-78.340997,-78.339259,-78.338815,-78.338249,-78.337766,-78.337507,-78.337141,-78.336879,-78.33652,-78.336019,-78.335723,-78.335476,-78.334909,-78.334079,-78.333834,-78.333154,-78.333022,-78.332976,-78.332699,-78.331968,-78.331591,-78.331474,-78.330652,-78.33009,-78.329113,-78.327659,-78.327541,-78.32666,-78.325385,-78.324794,-78.324615,-78.324924,-78.325248,-78.325332,-78.326269,-78.326485,-78.327141,-78.329028,-78.330156,-78.330335,-78.333397,-78.335938,-78.336,-78.337923,-78.344588,-78.345487,-78.349329,-78.351083,-78.351164,-78.351263,-78.353657,-78.3605,-78.360683,-78.366568,-78.366615,-78.367304,-78.367466,-78.367527,-78.367565,-78.367848,-78.368096,-78.368749,-78.36929,-78.369342,-78.3694,-78.369448,-78.369491,-78.369515,-78.369522,-78.369508,-78.369476,-78.369403,-78.369265,-78.369218,-78.369184,-78.369174,-78.369169,-78.36918,-78.369211,-78.369245,-78.36926,-78.369353,-78.36948,-78.369963,-78.369987,-78.37024,-78.370267,-78.370363,-78.370438,-78.370578,-78.370624,-78.370686,-78.370763,-78.370864,-78.370949,-78.371038,-78.371174,-78.371276,-78.371353,-78.371588,-78.371716,-78.371849,-78.371986,-78.372127,-78.372248,-78.372397,-78.372838,-78.373299,-78.373495,-78.373695,-78.373862,-78.374093,-78.374279,-78.37444,-78.374581,-78.374719,-78.37485,-78.375321,-78.375368,-78.375735,-78.376241,-78.376549,-78.376772,-78.376865,-78.377163,-78.377349,-78.377586,-78.37771,-78.378681,-78.379147,-78.380588,-78.380892,-78.38101,-78.3811,-78.381163,-78.381239,-78.381307,-78.381319,-78.381347,-78.381362,-78.381358,-78.381347,-78.381307,-78.381263,-78.381126,-78.380773,-78.380714,-78.380675,-78.380661,-78.380664,-78.380676,-78.38071,-78.380718,-78.38073,-78.380805,-78.380848,-78.380894,-78.38097,-78.381006,-78.381111,-78.381663,-78.382587,-78.38279,-78.382987,-78.383156,-78.383495,-78.38378,-78.383958,-78.384412,-78.38521,-78.385419,-78.385617,-78.385763,-78.385969,-78.386313,-78.386479,-78.386585,-78.386657,-78.386699,-78.386723,-78.386738,-78.386759,-78.386793,-78.386835,-78.386933,-78.387004,-78.387107,-78.387175,-78.387308,-78.387566,-78.387728,-78.388039,-78.388259,-78.388417,-78.388598,-78.388707,-78.388804,-78.3891,-78.389255,-78.389506,-78.389714,-78.389997,-78.390328,-78.390658,-78.391247,-78.391559,-78.393932,-78.394364,-78.394593,-78.394875,-78.395162,-78.395919,-78.396312,-78.397522,-78.397631,-78.397795,-78.398071,-78.398346,-78.399123,-78.400134,-78.401387,-78.401666,-78.401943,-78.402398,-78.402877,-78.404112,-78.404514,-78.40489,-78.404917,-78.405396,-78.406112,-78.406378,-78.40702,-78.407197,-78.407923,-78.408795,-78.409474,-78.409693,-78.409912,-78.410151,-78.410512,-78.410624,-78.410803,-78.410946,-78.411114,-78.411279,-78.411439,-78.411587,-78.411821,-78.412465,-78.412667,-78.41293,-78.413689,-78.414335,-78.414651,-78.415599,-78.415739,-78.415864,-78.415968,-78.416045,-78.41612,-78.416161,-78.416255,-78.416425,-78.416507,-78.416592,-78.416662,-78.416742,-78.416888,-78.417026,-78.41718,-78.417244,-78.417436,-78.417565,-78.417787,-78.417868,-78.417978,-78.418268,-78.418713,-78.419088,-78.41924,-78.420209,-78.420538,-78.421502,-78.421915,-78.42242,-78.422737,-78.423578,-78.423797,-78.424053,-78.424244,-78.424608,-78.424996,-78.425263,-78.425468,-78.425912,-78.427139,-78.428949,-78.429108,-78.430156,-78.430293,-78.430503,-78.431029,-78.431149,-78.431363,-78.431569,-78.431738,-78.431929,-78.432129,-78.432332,-78.432432,-78.432495,-78.432662,-78.432803,-78.433062,-78.433252,-78.433628,-78.434034,-78.43415,-78.434281,-78.434425,-78.434582,-78.434788,-78.435084,-78.435389,-78.435576,-78.436036,-78.436471,-78.436863,-78.437047,-78.437191,-78.438142,-78.438295,-78.438552,-78.438724,-78.44083,-78.442772,-78.442877,-78.442953,-78.442989,-78.44302,-78.443053,-78.443095,-78.443115,-78.443165,-78.443312,-78.443634,-78.443887,-78.444062,-78.444374,-78.444451,-78.444555,-78.444666,-78.444711,-78.444768,-78.444851,-78.445056,-78.445451,-78.445744,-78.446119,-78.446306,-78.446536,-78.446836,-78.447114,-78.447455,-78.448061,-78.448315,-78.448704,-78.449037,-78.449418,-78.449716,-78.449805,-78.449882,-78.449954,-78.450041,-78.450088,-78.450293,-78.450332,-78.450418,-78.450447,-78.450495,-78.450561,-78.450605,-78.450686,-78.450783,-78.450894,-78.451052,-78.451163,-78.451199,-78.451261,-78.451337,-78.451386,-78.451432,-78.451529,-78.451606,-78.451751,-78.451762,-78.45176,-78.451739,-78.451657,-78.451585,-78.451402,-78.451049,-78.450779,-78.450692,-78.450667,-78.450645,-78.450642,-78.450657,-78.450683,-78.450748,-78.450835,-78.450904,-78.451048,-78.451167,-78.451364,-78.451545,-78.451886,-78.452197,-78.452614,-78.45273,-78.452937,-78.453216,-78.453898,-78.454603,-78.45471,-78.454832,-78.45494,-78.454975,-78.455055,-78.45511,-78.455137,-78.455149,-78.455146,-78.455108,-78.455102,-78.455114,-78.455142,-78.45519,-78.455233,-78.455524,-78.45592,-78.456003,-78.45615,-78.456291,-78.456334,-78.456337,-78.456347,-78.4564,-78.456463,-78.456568,-78.456643,-78.456696,-78.456763,-78.456796,-78.456884,-78.456976,-78.457596,-78.457697,-78.457775,-78.457841,-78.458135,-78.458441,-78.458542,-78.458638,-78.458759,-78.459016,-78.459298,-78.459343,-78.459407,-78.459455,-78.459536,-78.459594,-78.459669,-78.459798,-78.459938,-78.460086,-78.460313,-78.460485,-78.460628,-78.460778,-78.46101,-78.461191,-78.461378,-78.461583,-78.461781,-78.461965,-78.46243,-78.462541,-78.462572,-78.462652,-78.462749,-78.462823,-78.462888,-78.462958,-78.463017,-78.463206,-78.463277,-78.463331,-78.463402,-78.463487,-78.463562,-78.463664,-78.463731,-78.4638,-78.463918,-78.464058,-78.464172,-78.464269,-78.464314,-78.464455,-78.464603,-78.464926,-78.465081,-78.465243,-78.465841,-78.465927,-78.466361,-78.467522,-78.469506,-78.470061,-78.470384,-78.470864,-78.471179,-78.47227,-78.472786,-78.474194,-78.474435,-78.474746,-78.475039,-78.475343,-78.475584,-78.475967,-78.476127,-78.476479,-78.476741,-78.477078,-78.477398,-78.477704,-78.477928,-78.478208,-78.478579,-78.478823,-78.479262,-78.479521,-78.48078,-78.480922,-78.481101,-78.481031],"lat":[38.003978,38.004255,38.004487,38.005483,38.007067,38.007168,38.00728,38.008352,38.010225,38.010546,38.010884,38.011196,38.012833,38.012979,38.013299,38.013556,38.01365,38.013686,38.013917,38.013758,38.013165,38.01298,38.012874,38.012439,38.012396,38.012316,38.012274,38.011908,38.011745,38.013122,38.013418,38.013933,38.014146,38.014555,38.014997,38.015504,38.017892,38.018309,38.01836,38.018854,38.018929,38.018992,38.019072,38.019128,38.019394,38.019411,38.019417,38.019699,38.020192,38.020451,38.020483,38.020533,38.020609,38.020714,38.020838,38.020924,38.021754,38.021809,38.021949,38.02197,38.022109,38.022444,38.022454,38.022488,38.022528,38.022516,38.022593,38.022596,38.022598,38.022588,38.022529,38.022471,38.022352,38.022251,38.022058,38.021981,38.021882,38.021793,38.021661,38.021496,38.021288,38.021214,38.021238,38.02125,38.021339,38.021569,38.021573,38.021604,38.021054,38.020812,38.020574,38.020596,38.02061,38.020492,38.020353,38.020109,38.019716,38.019247,38.018993,38.018815,38.018602,38.01854,38.018504,38.018177,38.018073,38.018014,38.01798,38.017936,38.017902,38.017707,38.01757,38.017349,38.017318,38.017229,38.016929,38.016841,38.016312,38.016116,38.015706,38.01545,38.015404,38.015307,38.015043,38.014829,38.014713,38.014546,38.014487,38.014268,38.014102,38.014049,38.013824,38.013526,38.0135,38.013727,38.013703,38.013546,38.013603,38.013599,38.013498,38.013692,38.013652,38.013731,38.013626,38.013632,38.01388,38.014523,38.014568,38.014682,38.01483,38.014891,38.015165,38.015236,38.015302,38.015313,38.015302,38.015308,38.015363,38.015373,38.015368,38.015335,38.015319,38.015461,38.015582,38.015813,38.016272,38.016231,38.01611,38.015991,38.015945,38.01581,38.015553,38.015461,38.015366,38.015279,38.015251,38.015244,38.015225,38.015222,38.01523,38.015269,38.015308,38.015339,38.015434,38.015479,38.015757,38.015818,38.016342,38.016624,38.016715,38.016769,38.016787,38.016797,38.016787,38.01676,38.016724,38.016666,38.0166,38.016522,38.016431,38.016345,38.016231,38.01612,38.015379,38.015096,38.014828,38.014705,38.014568,38.014379,38.013428,38.013044,38.01284,38.012366,38.012291,38.012216,38.012139,38.012065,38.011927,38.011863,38.011822,38.011815,38.011741,38.01148,38.011163,38.011082,38.010633,38.010514,38.010099,38.009902,38.009799,38.009662,38.009231,38.009132,38.009107,38.009067,38.008818,38.008672,38.008497,38.008387,38.00827,38.008201,38.008093,38.008063,38.007981,38.007876,38.007729,38.007496,38.007326,38.007121,38.006873,38.006452,38.005862,38.005611,38.005204,38.004407,38.004147,38.004052,38.003882,38.00342,38.002937,38.00245,38.001781,38.001516,38.001434,38.001049,38.000517,38.000294,37.999675,37.999605,37.999393,37.999173,37.998995,37.998732,37.998153,37.997789,37.997132,37.996966,37.996512,37.995871,37.995595,37.995074,37.994806,37.994163,37.993705,37.992805,37.99258,37.991905,37.990583,37.989715,37.989488,37.989211,37.988976,37.988854,37.988688,37.988575,37.988428,37.988236,37.988132,37.988041,37.987855,37.987608,37.987539,37.987369,37.987338,37.987327,37.987266,37.987121,37.987056,37.987038,37.986911,37.986825,37.986679,37.986464,37.986446,37.986314,37.986126,37.986037,37.986009,37.985657,37.985284,37.985187,37.984113,37.983865,37.983112,37.980943,37.979668,37.979466,37.975997,37.973118,37.973046,37.970859,37.963283,37.962258,37.957888,37.955899,37.955804,37.955691,37.952967,37.945188,37.944979,37.938288,37.938356,37.939316,37.939537,37.93962,37.939673,37.940052,37.940384,37.941269,37.942025,37.942112,37.942231,37.942357,37.942515,37.942677,37.94285,37.943012,37.943192,37.943474,37.943948,37.944127,37.94429,37.944396,37.944536,37.944672,37.94484,37.944949,37.944985,37.945208,37.945452,37.946362,37.946405,37.946852,37.946914,37.947134,37.947354,37.947804,37.947874,37.947938,37.947992,37.94804,37.948065,37.948075,37.948065,37.948043,37.948016,37.94791,37.94787,37.947843,37.947831,37.947834,37.947848,37.947878,37.947992,37.948121,37.948154,37.948166,37.948161,37.948134,37.948125,37.948126,37.948142,37.948173,37.948217,37.948445,37.948468,37.948641,37.94889,37.949033,37.949152,37.949214,37.94942,37.949575,37.949803,37.949937,37.951083,37.951614,37.953304,37.953662,37.953822,37.953975,37.954112,37.954322,37.954564,37.954622,37.954795,37.95498,37.955159,37.955266,37.955497,37.955683,37.956147,37.957258,37.957481,37.957701,37.957833,37.957986,37.958182,37.958434,37.958493,37.958589,37.959146,37.959415,37.959615,37.959861,37.959952,37.96019,37.961249,37.962985,37.963343,37.963652,37.963893,37.964336,37.964652,37.964838,37.965267,37.965989,37.966199,37.966423,37.966609,37.966893,37.967399,37.967657,37.967858,37.96802,37.968172,37.968327,37.968881,37.969086,37.969244,37.969371,37.969586,37.969709,37.969858,37.969943,37.970081,37.970305,37.970433,37.970667,37.970806,37.970891,37.970973,37.971017,37.971047,37.971136,37.971171,37.97121,37.971225,37.97123,37.971223,37.971202,37.971144,37.971114,37.970919,37.970893,37.970886,37.970896,37.970922,37.971052,37.971124,37.971326,37.971339,37.971353,37.971365,37.971362,37.971321,37.971252,37.971175,37.971147,37.971109,37.971012,37.970896,37.970581,37.970497,37.970437,37.970433,37.970364,37.970268,37.970233,37.970144,37.97012,37.970024,37.969927,37.969853,37.969843,37.969847,37.969869,37.969931,37.969957,37.970011,37.970064,37.970142,37.970232,37.970334,37.970446,37.970652,37.971218,37.971395,37.971624,37.972288,37.972858,37.973129,37.973941,37.974082,37.97423,37.974379,37.974525,37.974706,37.974841,37.97522,37.975958,37.976258,37.976488,37.976638,37.976785,37.976994,37.97716,37.977317,37.977377,37.977537,37.977629,37.977763,37.977805,37.977858,37.977983,37.978155,37.978282,37.978329,37.978667,37.978784,37.979124,37.979269,37.979452,37.979567,37.979936,37.980032,37.980149,37.980232,37.980382,37.980536,37.98063,37.980703,37.980839,37.981199,37.981724,37.98177,37.982074,37.982115,37.982176,37.982332,37.98237,37.982451,37.982544,37.982634,37.982754,37.982898,37.983071,37.983168,37.983234,37.983442,37.983633,37.984,37.984284,37.984855,37.985448,37.985586,37.985716,37.985836,37.985945,37.986061,37.98621,37.986346,37.986422,37.986595,37.98676,37.986907,37.986981,37.98704,37.987424,37.987486,37.987591,37.987661,37.988519,37.989297,37.989356,37.989411,37.989449,37.989496,37.989573,37.989815,37.989905,37.990053,37.990358,37.990951,37.991431,37.991713,37.992227,37.992389,37.99261,37.992794,37.992838,37.992871,37.992895,37.992905,37.992902,37.99291,37.992939,37.992964,37.993008,37.993098,37.993188,37.993312,37.99359,37.993719,37.993916,37.994099,37.994309,37.994487,37.994549,37.994618,37.994704,37.994846,37.994926,37.995366,37.995468,37.995726,37.995846,37.996014,37.996177,37.996256,37.996367,37.996469,37.996563,37.996658,37.996734,37.996764,37.996821,37.996908,37.996979,37.99708,37.997363,37.997649,37.998355,37.998445,37.998557,37.998671,37.998889,37.999036,37.99932,37.999911,38.000431,38.000645,38.000712,38.000807,38.000904,38.001,38.001074,38.00118,38.001276,38.001332,38.001421,38.001479,38.001552,38.001606,38.001682,38.001741,38.001819,38.001847,38.001909,38.00202,38.002347,38.002701,38.002772,38.00287,38.002979,38.003026,38.003174,38.00333,38.003463,38.003589,38.003746,38.004011,38.004189,38.004263,38.004333,38.004402,38.004445,38.004654,38.004896,38.00496,38.005093,38.005288,38.005412,38.005431,38.005485,38.005616,38.005706,38.005798,38.005856,38.005895,38.005927,38.00594,38.005965,38.005975,38.005962,38.00598,38.006012,38.006055,38.006359,38.006736,38.006842,38.006924,38.007005,38.00716,38.007336,38.007377,38.007453,38.007536,38.007773,38.00788,38.007982,38.008103,38.008217,38.008322,38.00845,38.008535,38.008588,38.008629,38.008666,38.008678,38.008675,38.008654,38.008618,38.008569,38.008399,38.008366,38.00836,38.008354,38.008366,38.008392,38.00843,38.0085,38.008581,38.009002,38.009114,38.009189,38.00926,38.009321,38.009362,38.009403,38.00942,38.00943,38.009437,38.009425,38.009399,38.00936,38.00934,38.009262,38.009162,38.008944,38.008855,38.008778,38.008536,38.008505,38.008327,38.007863,38.007067,38.006815,38.006649,38.006383,38.00618,38.005432,38.005067,38.004074,38.003912,38.003719,38.003569,38.003431,38.003341,38.003215,38.003172,38.003095,38.00305,38.003011,38.00299,38.002984,38.002989,38.003009,38.003052,38.003095,38.003197,38.003275,38.003713,38.003756,38.00383,38.003978]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.627043,-78.626748,-78.626296,-78.626138,-78.625558,-78.625457,-78.625373,-78.625314,-78.625274,-78.625253,-78.625269,-78.625255,-78.625232,-78.625218,-78.625175,-78.625092,-78.624992,-78.624432,-78.624256,-78.624066,-78.623986,-78.62375,-78.62313,-78.622962,-78.622746,-78.622613,-78.622276,-78.621807,-78.621598,-78.621387,-78.621175,-78.620892,-78.620701,-78.620508,-78.620391,-78.620262,-78.620096,-78.619323,-78.618972,-78.618796,-78.618306,-78.618172,-78.618033,-78.61792,-78.617794,-78.617695,-78.61762,-78.617585,-78.617492,-78.617343,-78.617205,-78.616833,-78.616699,-78.61601,-78.615726,-78.615414,-78.615304,-78.61518,-78.615045,-78.614409,-78.614155,-78.613864,-78.613664,-78.613536,-78.61206,-78.611793,-78.61176,-78.611271,-78.610837,-78.610409,-78.610157,-78.610076,-78.608945,-78.608528,-78.60767,-78.607384,-78.607306,-78.607245,-78.606963,-78.606785,-78.606676,-78.6064,-78.606118,-78.60595,-78.605635,-78.605158,-78.605066,-78.603706,-78.602898,-78.60237,-78.602106,-78.601993,-78.601905,-78.601618,-78.601365,-78.601135,-78.600536,-78.599963,-78.599752,-78.599528,-78.599259,-78.599095,-78.599056,-78.598892,-78.598743,-78.598557,-78.597797,-78.597504,-78.597309,-78.596579,-78.5963,-78.595721,-78.595567,-78.595401,-78.595225,-78.595078,-78.594581,-78.594212,-78.594088,-78.593242,-78.592385,-78.59208,-78.591776,-78.591361,-78.591219,-78.590699,-78.590446,-78.589927,-78.589776,-78.589631,-78.589493,-78.589358,-78.58923,-78.588868,-78.588419,-78.58816,-78.588023,-78.587936,-78.587333,-78.587121,-78.586909,-78.586751,-78.586639,-78.586574,-78.586311,-78.586045,-78.585896,-78.585425,-78.585221,-78.585333,-78.585503,-78.586324,-78.586482,-78.586931,-78.58701,-78.587104,-78.587155,-78.587185,-78.58721,-78.587212,-78.587198,-78.587165,-78.587103,-78.587062,-78.587001,-78.586894,-78.586792,-78.586705,-78.586591,-78.58626,-78.586176,-78.586113,-78.586055,-78.585981,-78.585943,-78.585802,-78.585731,-78.585645,-78.584745,-78.584664,-78.584596,-78.584535,-78.584502,-78.584487,-78.584488,-78.584507,-78.584552,-78.58458,-78.584615,-78.584767,-78.584813,-78.584876,-78.584913,-78.584922,-78.584948,-78.584954,-78.584939,-78.584915,-78.584871,-78.584837,-78.584825,-78.584821,-78.584836,-78.584869,-78.584932,-78.585001,-78.585065,-78.585156,-78.585234,-78.586171,-78.586419,-78.586894,-78.587028,-78.587243,-78.58768,-78.58846,-78.588681,-78.588936,-78.589402,-78.589506,-78.589688,-78.589882,-78.590044,-78.590337,-78.590578,-78.590967,-78.591248,-78.591733,-78.592053,-78.592326,-78.592509,-78.592651,-78.592994,-78.592748,-78.592674,-78.592581,-78.592485,-78.592289,-78.592201,-78.592086,-78.592002,-78.591902,-78.591844,-78.591756,-78.591679,-78.59162,-78.591588,-78.591573,-78.591547,-78.591522,-78.591479,-78.591417,-78.591344,-78.591239,-78.591184,-78.591095,-78.590914,-78.590762,-78.590475,-78.590373,-78.589536,-78.589402,-78.589239,-78.589154,-78.589007,-78.588883,-78.588803,-78.588746,-78.588336,-78.588234,-78.588055,-78.587546,-78.587394,-78.587255,-78.587053,-78.586935,-78.586828,-78.58578,-78.584872,-78.584664,-78.584424,-78.583968,-78.583819,-78.583438,-78.583345,-78.583249,-78.583174,-78.583106,-78.583072,-78.583045,-78.583036,-78.583044,-78.583043,-78.583026,-78.582971,-78.582519,-78.582349,-78.582306,-78.582243,-78.582211,-78.582163,-78.582081,-78.582033,-78.581284,-78.581196,-78.58096,-78.580758,-78.580662,-78.579471,-78.579412,-78.579315,-78.579232,-78.579134,-78.578977,-78.578773,-78.578414,-78.578068,-78.577705,-78.577645,-78.577617,-78.577507,-78.577443,-78.577379,-78.577304,-78.576847,-78.576765,-78.576348,-78.576254,-78.576078,-78.575988,-78.575669,-78.575424,-78.575039,-78.57452,-78.573794,-78.573425,-78.573262,-78.572913,-78.572805,-78.571935,-78.57117,-78.570908,-78.570748,-78.570574,-78.570402,-78.56989,-78.569618,-78.568366,-78.567921,-78.56777,-78.567633,-78.567164,-78.566824,-78.566436,-78.565994,-78.565871,-78.565734,-78.565655,-78.565015,-78.564744,-78.564703,-78.564591,-78.564439,-78.564321,-78.564164,-78.563867,-78.563709,-78.563537,-78.563326,-78.562968,-78.562757,-78.562513,-78.562419,-78.562321,-78.562216,-78.562182,-78.561956,-78.561766,-78.561578,-78.560987,-78.560844,-78.560603,-78.559748,-78.559546,-78.559365,-78.559184,-78.559004,-78.558854,-78.558671,-78.558528,-78.558346,-78.558109,-78.558001,-78.557491,-78.557336,-78.557206,-78.557037,-78.556754,-78.556539,-78.556082,-78.555813,-78.555692,-78.555398,-78.555107,-78.554818,-78.554645,-78.553894,-78.553351,-78.552939,-78.552551,-78.552065,-78.551799,-78.551363,-78.550933,-78.550054,-78.549815,-78.549595,-78.549381,-78.549277,-78.549026,-78.548749,-78.548433,-78.548195,-78.548111,-78.548041,-78.547995,-78.547899,-78.54776,-78.547637,-78.547286,-78.547191,-78.547117,-78.547031,-78.546955,-78.54689,-78.546826,-78.546773,-78.546724,-78.546665,-78.546613,-78.546516,-78.54642,-78.546289,-78.546196,-78.546096,-78.545808,-78.545331,-78.545257,-78.545181,-78.545105,-78.545086,-78.545052,-78.545002,-78.544939,-78.544858,-78.544421,-78.544312,-78.54426,-78.544125,-78.544021,-78.543853,-78.543353,-78.543311,-78.542642,-78.542461,-78.542249,-78.542174,-78.541994,-78.541816,-78.541569,-78.541288,-78.540796,-78.54057,-78.540444,-78.540238,-78.540171,-78.539804,-78.539331,-78.53916,-78.539032,-78.53879,-78.538555,-78.538478,-78.538392,-78.538375,-78.538003,-78.537569,-78.537509,-78.537269,-78.537174,-78.537045,-78.536828,-78.536538,-78.536403,-78.536167,-78.535894,-78.535662,-78.535539,-78.535434,-78.535285,-78.535194,-78.535095,-78.534917,-78.534727,-78.534207,-78.533527,-78.533044,-78.532488,-78.532226,-78.532033,-78.531889,-78.531199,-78.530921,-78.530806,-78.530678,-78.530506,-78.53035,-78.530094,-78.529891,-78.529648,-78.529524,-78.529329,-78.529191,-78.529031,-78.528761,-78.528525,-78.528462,-78.528379,-78.527935,-78.527782,-78.527383,-78.527297,-78.526922,-78.526741,-78.526353,-78.525957,-78.525249,-78.52511,-78.524805,-78.524513,-78.524465,-78.524229,-78.524139,-78.524007,-78.523792,-78.523744,-78.523584,-78.523362,-78.523279,-78.523084,-78.522911,-78.522835,-78.522744,-78.522668,-78.522612,-78.522508,-78.52239,-78.522325,-78.522307,-78.522196,-78.521925,-78.521884,-78.521863,-78.521849,-78.521904,-78.521897,-78.521876,-78.521856,-78.521661,-78.521523,-78.52137,-78.521314,-78.52137,-78.52137,-78.521356,-78.521161,-78.520925,-78.520773,-78.52037,-78.520349,-78.520286,-78.520245,-78.520203,-78.520134,-78.519884,-78.51987,-78.519856,-78.519821,-78.519849,-78.519828,-78.519814,-78.519724,-78.519467,-78.519391,-78.519342,-78.519314,-78.51928,-78.519196,-78.519161,-78.519016,-78.519029,-78.519106,-78.519113,-78.519085,-78.51906,-78.519036,-78.518967,-78.518904,-78.518668,-78.518404,-78.517884,-78.517335,-78.51703,-78.516815,-78.516662,-78.516565,-78.516253,-78.515892,-78.515726,-78.515601,-78.515524,-78.515277,-78.515143,-78.514852,-78.514442,-78.514123,-78.513964,-78.513547,-78.513381,-78.513235,-78.513138,-78.512985,-78.512992,-78.513077,-78.513131,-78.513173,-78.513187,-78.51318,-78.513166,-78.513076,-78.513007,-78.512896,-78.512625,-78.512501,-78.512327,-78.512056,-78.512005,-78.511696,-78.511612,-78.511175,-78.510592,-78.510502,-78.510398,-78.510322,-78.51028,-78.510274,-78.51026,-78.510183,-78.509642,-78.509365,-78.508775,-78.508727,-78.508643,-78.508615,-78.508574,-78.508477,-78.508255,-78.508192,-78.508039,-78.508018,-78.507998,-78.507991,-78.508012,-78.507998,-78.507956,-78.507873,-78.507804,-78.507721,-78.507616,-78.507477,-78.507394,-78.507311,-78.5072,-78.507172,-78.507138,-78.507119,-78.506966,-78.50683,-78.506648,-78.50648,-78.506399,-78.506326,-78.506023,-78.505929,-78.50571,-78.505629,-78.505554,-78.505462,-78.505312,-78.505149,-78.505067,-78.505311,-78.505496,-78.505563,-78.505614,-78.505654,-78.505677,-78.50568,-78.505667,-78.505629,-78.50556,-78.505465,-78.505352,-78.505251,-78.505137,-78.505008,-78.504869,-78.504747,-78.504539,-78.504327,-78.504149,-78.503985,-78.503824,-78.503736,-78.50367,-78.50355,-78.503481,-78.503312,-78.503187,-78.503054,-78.502947,-78.50281,-78.502649,-78.502528,-78.502409,-78.502264,-78.502885,-78.503338,-78.503752,-78.504099,-78.504181,-78.505222,-78.505356,-78.505441,-78.505515,-78.505566,-78.505587,-78.50561,-78.505634,-78.505637,-78.505658,-78.505658,-78.505655,-78.50563,-78.505555,-78.505542,-78.505547,-78.505575,-78.505602,-78.505648,-78.505714,-78.50576,-78.505795,-78.505841,-78.505904,-78.505984,-78.506083,-78.506199,-78.506303,-78.506466,-78.506507,-78.506531,-78.506536,-78.506519,-78.506485,-78.506436,-78.506333,-78.505961,-78.505354,-78.505132,-78.504709,-78.503922,-78.503672,-78.503522,-78.503305,-78.503113,-78.502425,-78.502173,-78.502073,-78.501995,-78.501905,-78.501679,-78.500994,-78.500854,-78.500412,-78.50026,-78.500054,-78.499916,-78.499756,-78.499064,-78.498964,-78.49866,-78.498394,-78.498066,-78.497698,-78.49739,-78.497208,-78.497006,-78.496912,-78.496804,-78.496545,-78.496431,-78.495479,-78.49502,-78.494826,-78.494523,-78.494257,-78.493521,-78.492663,-78.491103,-78.490679,-78.490304,-78.489948,-78.489687,-78.489398,-78.488955,-78.488926,-78.488366,-78.48808,-78.487191,-78.486994,-78.48686,-78.486741,-78.486676,-78.48659,-78.486547,-78.48647,-78.486343,-78.486088,-78.485399,-78.485064,-78.485041,-78.485026,-78.485001,-78.484927,-78.484837,-78.484731,-78.484604,-78.484395,-78.484146,-78.48354,-78.483398,-78.483311,-78.483191,-78.483099,-78.482989,-78.482914,-78.482624,-78.482524,-78.482482,-78.482297,-78.48198,-78.481769,-78.481619,-78.48152,-78.481289,-78.481101,-78.480922,-78.48078,-78.479521,-78.479262,-78.478823,-78.478579,-78.478208,-78.477928,-78.477704,-78.477398,-78.477078,-78.476741,-78.476479,-78.476127,-78.475967,-78.475584,-78.475343,-78.475039,-78.474746,-78.474435,-78.474194,-78.472786,-78.47227,-78.471179,-78.470864,-78.470384,-78.470061,-78.469506,-78.467522,-78.466361,-78.465927,-78.465841,-78.465243,-78.465081,-78.464926,-78.464603,-78.464455,-78.464314,-78.464269,-78.464172,-78.464058,-78.463918,-78.4638,-78.463731,-78.463664,-78.463562,-78.463487,-78.463402,-78.463331,-78.463277,-78.463206,-78.463017,-78.462958,-78.462888,-78.462823,-78.462749,-78.462652,-78.462572,-78.462541,-78.46243,-78.461965,-78.461781,-78.461583,-78.461378,-78.461191,-78.46101,-78.460778,-78.460628,-78.460485,-78.460313,-78.460086,-78.459938,-78.459798,-78.459669,-78.459594,-78.459536,-78.459455,-78.459407,-78.459343,-78.459298,-78.459016,-78.458759,-78.458638,-78.458542,-78.458441,-78.458135,-78.457841,-78.457775,-78.457697,-78.457596,-78.456976,-78.456884,-78.456796,-78.456763,-78.456696,-78.456643,-78.456568,-78.456463,-78.4564,-78.456347,-78.456337,-78.456334,-78.456291,-78.45615,-78.456003,-78.45592,-78.455524,-78.455233,-78.45519,-78.455142,-78.455114,-78.455102,-78.455108,-78.455146,-78.455149,-78.455137,-78.45511,-78.455055,-78.454975,-78.45494,-78.454832,-78.45471,-78.454603,-78.453898,-78.453216,-78.452937,-78.45273,-78.452614,-78.452197,-78.451886,-78.451545,-78.451364,-78.451167,-78.451048,-78.450904,-78.450835,-78.450748,-78.450683,-78.450657,-78.450642,-78.450645,-78.450667,-78.450692,-78.450779,-78.451049,-78.451402,-78.451585,-78.451657,-78.451739,-78.45176,-78.451762,-78.451751,-78.451606,-78.451529,-78.451432,-78.451386,-78.451337,-78.451261,-78.451199,-78.451163,-78.451052,-78.450894,-78.450783,-78.450686,-78.450605,-78.450561,-78.450495,-78.450447,-78.450418,-78.450332,-78.450293,-78.450088,-78.450041,-78.449954,-78.449882,-78.449805,-78.449716,-78.449418,-78.449037,-78.448704,-78.448315,-78.448061,-78.447455,-78.447114,-78.446836,-78.446536,-78.446306,-78.446119,-78.445744,-78.445451,-78.445056,-78.444851,-78.444768,-78.444711,-78.444666,-78.444555,-78.444451,-78.444374,-78.444062,-78.443887,-78.443634,-78.443312,-78.443165,-78.443115,-78.443095,-78.443053,-78.44302,-78.442989,-78.442953,-78.442877,-78.442772,-78.44083,-78.438724,-78.438552,-78.438295,-78.438142,-78.437191,-78.437047,-78.436863,-78.436471,-78.436036,-78.435576,-78.435389,-78.435084,-78.434788,-78.434582,-78.434425,-78.434281,-78.43415,-78.434034,-78.433628,-78.433252,-78.433062,-78.432803,-78.432662,-78.432495,-78.432432,-78.432332,-78.432129,-78.431929,-78.431738,-78.431569,-78.431363,-78.431149,-78.431029,-78.430503,-78.430293,-78.430156,-78.429108,-78.428949,-78.427139,-78.425912,-78.425468,-78.425263,-78.424996,-78.424608,-78.424244,-78.424053,-78.423797,-78.423578,-78.422737,-78.42242,-78.421915,-78.421502,-78.420538,-78.420209,-78.41924,-78.419088,-78.418713,-78.418268,-78.417978,-78.417868,-78.417787,-78.417565,-78.417436,-78.417244,-78.41718,-78.417026,-78.416888,-78.416742,-78.416662,-78.416592,-78.416507,-78.416425,-78.416255,-78.416161,-78.41612,-78.416045,-78.415968,-78.415864,-78.415739,-78.415599,-78.414651,-78.414335,-78.413689,-78.41293,-78.412667,-78.412465,-78.411821,-78.411587,-78.411439,-78.411279,-78.411114,-78.410946,-78.410803,-78.410624,-78.410512,-78.410151,-78.409912,-78.409693,-78.409474,-78.408795,-78.407923,-78.407197,-78.40702,-78.406378,-78.406112,-78.405396,-78.404917,-78.40489,-78.404514,-78.404112,-78.402877,-78.402398,-78.401943,-78.401666,-78.401387,-78.400134,-78.399123,-78.398346,-78.398071,-78.397795,-78.397631,-78.397522,-78.396312,-78.395919,-78.395162,-78.394875,-78.394593,-78.394364,-78.393932,-78.391559,-78.391247,-78.390658,-78.390328,-78.389997,-78.389714,-78.389506,-78.389255,-78.3891,-78.388804,-78.388707,-78.388598,-78.388417,-78.388259,-78.388039,-78.387728,-78.387566,-78.387308,-78.387175,-78.387107,-78.387004,-78.386933,-78.386835,-78.386793,-78.386759,-78.386738,-78.386723,-78.386699,-78.386657,-78.386585,-78.386479,-78.386313,-78.385969,-78.385763,-78.385617,-78.385419,-78.38521,-78.384412,-78.383958,-78.38378,-78.383495,-78.383156,-78.382987,-78.38279,-78.382587,-78.381663,-78.381111,-78.381006,-78.38097,-78.380894,-78.380848,-78.380805,-78.38073,-78.380718,-78.38071,-78.380676,-78.380664,-78.380661,-78.380675,-78.380714,-78.380773,-78.381126,-78.381263,-78.381307,-78.381347,-78.381358,-78.381362,-78.381347,-78.381319,-78.381307,-78.381239,-78.381163,-78.3811,-78.38101,-78.380892,-78.380588,-78.379147,-78.378681,-78.37771,-78.377586,-78.377349,-78.377163,-78.376865,-78.376772,-78.376549,-78.376241,-78.375735,-78.375368,-78.375321,-78.37485,-78.374719,-78.374581,-78.37444,-78.374279,-78.374093,-78.373862,-78.373695,-78.373495,-78.373299,-78.372838,-78.372397,-78.372248,-78.372127,-78.371986,-78.371849,-78.371716,-78.371588,-78.371353,-78.371276,-78.371174,-78.371038,-78.370949,-78.370864,-78.370763,-78.370686,-78.370624,-78.370578,-78.370438,-78.370363,-78.370267,-78.37024,-78.369987,-78.369963,-78.36948,-78.369353,-78.36926,-78.369245,-78.369211,-78.36918,-78.369169,-78.369174,-78.369184,-78.369218,-78.369265,-78.369403,-78.369476,-78.369508,-78.369522,-78.369515,-78.369491,-78.369448,-78.3694,-78.369342,-78.36929,-78.368749,-78.368096,-78.367848,-78.367565,-78.367527,-78.367466,-78.367304,-78.366615,-78.366568,-78.367421,-78.367547,-78.371305,-78.372591,-78.373346,-78.378236,-78.378628,-78.379679,-78.379804,-78.379914,-78.381978,-78.382042,-78.382112,-78.383673,-78.38565,-78.385877,-78.387088,-78.387333,-78.388035,-78.388598,-78.396181,-78.396634,-78.397267,-78.397664,-78.400227,-78.401264,-78.401907,-78.402278,-78.402675,-78.403014,-78.406702,-78.408129,-78.40999,-78.411086,-78.412666,-78.413183,-78.413353,-78.413436,-78.414091,-78.414314,-78.415803,-78.419762,-78.420398,-78.4205,-78.42291,-78.423331,-78.425012,-78.425477,-78.425791,-78.431765,-78.433487,-78.438091,-78.439025,-78.439089,-78.439104,-78.439313,-78.440166,-78.440485,-78.445754,-78.446028,-78.446768,-78.446945,-78.449365,-78.45179,-78.454787,-78.455041,-78.455113,-78.455634,-78.456854,-78.459831,-78.460195,-78.460421,-78.461002,-78.461137,-78.46134,-78.467521,-78.467724,-78.467764,-78.467779,-78.467863,-78.46799,-78.468033,-78.468369,-78.468409,-78.468493,-78.468575,-78.468652,-78.468748,-78.468795,-78.468827,-78.468884,-78.468936,-78.468943,-78.469,-78.469071,-78.469094,-78.469092,-78.469097,-78.469097,-78.469072,-78.46904,-78.468979,-78.468971,-78.468956,-78.468936,-78.468912,-78.468885,-78.468862,-78.468849,-78.468828,-78.468815,-78.46876,-78.468737,-78.468651,-78.468625,-78.468624,-78.468642,-78.468651,-78.46866,-78.468671,-78.468706,-78.46872,-78.468717,-78.468721,-78.468703,-78.468638,-78.468628,-78.468615,-78.468595,-78.468589,-78.468577,-78.468566,-78.468568,-78.468593,-78.468654,-78.468698,-78.46875,-78.468819,-78.468925,-78.46901,-78.469043,-78.469082,-78.469123,-78.469207,-78.469424,-78.469501,-78.46957,-78.469625,-78.469681,-78.469712,-78.469735,-78.469787,-78.469826,-78.469873,-78.469947,-78.470069,-78.470125,-78.470131,-78.470157,-78.470165,-78.470228,-78.47036,-78.470424,-78.470451,-78.470449,-78.470456,-78.470466,-78.470464,-78.470421,-78.470422,-78.470437,-78.470452,-78.470492,-78.470521,-78.47059,-78.470712,-78.470758,-78.47092,-78.470969,-78.471017,-78.471205,-78.471293,-78.471363,-78.47148,-78.471718,-78.471792,-78.471934,-78.471969,-78.472032,-78.472225,-78.472562,-78.472618,-78.472845,-78.472953,-78.472985,-78.473039,-78.47327,-78.473333,-78.473445,-78.473477,-78.47365,-78.473734,-78.473831,-78.473955,-78.474002,-78.474039,-78.474075,-78.474104,-78.474138,-78.474167,-78.474221,-78.474973,-78.475627,-78.475886,-78.47625,-78.476596,-78.476871,-78.477094,-78.477489,-78.477659,-78.478145,-78.478444,-78.47866,-78.479018,-78.479187,-78.479409,-78.479628,-78.479738,-78.479951,-78.480108,-78.480312,-78.480392,-78.481305,-78.481394,-78.481508,-78.481612,-78.481747,-78.482163,-78.483001,-78.483521,-78.483803,-78.484163,-78.484459,-78.484757,-78.484868,-78.485,-78.485098,-78.485143,-78.485247,-78.485309,-78.485413,-78.485706,-78.4859,-78.485975,-78.486146,-78.486199,-78.48627,-78.48651,-78.486549,-78.486573,-78.486615,-78.486631,-78.486687,-78.486736,-78.486779,-78.486837,-78.4869,-78.486996,-78.487082,-78.487244,-78.487368,-78.487616,-78.487929,-78.488692,-78.489511,-78.490213,-78.490393,-78.49072,-78.490748,-78.490774,-78.490783,-78.490775,-78.490905,-78.490928,-78.490972,-78.491049,-78.491111,-78.491227,-78.49138,-78.491941,-78.49221,-78.492901,-78.493615,-78.494093,-78.494301,-78.49447,-78.494824,-78.495047,-78.495326,-78.49546,-78.495578,-78.496031,-78.496461,-78.496776,-78.497031,-78.497535,-78.497837,-78.498293,-78.498696,-78.499007,-78.499313,-78.4996,-78.499892,-78.500149,-78.500478,-78.500849,-78.501145,-78.501673,-78.502003,-78.502209,-78.50227,-78.502531,-78.503152,-78.503367,-78.503517,-78.503594,-78.50385,-78.504372,-78.504767,-78.505159,-78.505388,-78.505547,-78.505751,-78.506179,-78.507108,-78.507374,-78.507479,-78.50759,-78.507619,-78.507861,-78.508381,-78.508815,-78.508988,-78.509079,-78.509205,-78.509294,-78.509416,-78.509763,-78.510441,-78.51086,-78.511448,-78.511573,-78.511877,-78.512364,-78.512855,-78.512987,-78.513166,-78.513299,-78.513358,-78.513792,-78.514116,-78.51445,-78.514898,-78.515097,-78.515478,-78.515679,-78.515833,-78.516017,-78.516156,-78.516695,-78.517002,-78.51739,-78.51754,-78.517925,-78.51834,-78.518627,-78.518893,-78.51911,-78.519656,-78.519799,-78.519847,-78.520425,-78.520895,-78.521402,-78.521783,-78.521991,-78.522615,-78.524014,-78.524935,-78.52502,-78.525115,-78.525218,-78.525347,-78.52565,-78.527999,-78.528367,-78.529253,-78.530272,-78.53035,-78.53042,-78.530503,-78.530913,-78.530953,-78.531032,-78.531431,-78.531614,-78.531898,-78.532042,-78.532178,-78.532304,-78.532609,-78.533015,-78.533101,-78.533326,-78.533679,-78.533856,-78.534044,-78.534202,-78.534408,-78.535362,-78.535753,-78.535902,-78.536094,-78.536555,-78.537296,-78.537926,-78.538163,-78.53836,-78.538613,-78.53882,-78.541453,-78.542099,-78.542799,-78.543595,-78.544566,-78.544869,-78.545908,-78.546686,-78.547327,-78.547558,-78.547898,-78.548172,-78.549032,-78.549578,-78.550123,-78.550726,-78.550856,-78.551446,-78.551679,-78.552159,-78.552306,-78.552784,-78.552985,-78.553195,-78.553373,-78.553613,-78.553809,-78.554193,-78.554502,-78.554612,-78.55475,-78.554832,-78.55494,-78.555069,-78.555224,-78.555286,-78.555493,-78.555546,-78.555747,-78.556409,-78.556798,-78.557014,-78.557192,-78.557431,-78.557953,-78.558119,-78.558247,-78.558399,-78.558541,-78.558718,-78.55944,-78.559915,-78.560567,-78.562437,-78.56286,-78.563659,-78.56413,-78.564567,-78.564763,-78.565519,-78.565943,-78.567074,-78.567671,-78.567884,-78.568045,-78.568574,-78.568748,-78.568936,-78.568998,-78.569088,-78.569212,-78.569373,-78.570071,-78.570184,-78.570361,-78.570697,-78.571306,-78.573097,-78.574152,-78.57471,-78.574896,-78.575085,-78.57559,-78.575673,-78.575754,-78.575899,-78.576023,-78.576154,-78.576994,-78.578368,-78.5794,-78.580607,-78.580916,-78.581137,-78.581347,-78.582004,-78.582345,-78.582461,-78.582541,-78.583356,-78.584537,-78.584679,-78.584747,-78.585264,-78.585579,-78.585722,-78.585871,-78.585954,-78.586028,-78.58613,-78.586246,-78.586403,-78.587695,-78.587823,-78.588751,-78.589966,-78.590836,-78.591387,-78.591624,-78.59224,-78.592447,-78.592567,-78.593327,-78.593503,-78.5946,-78.595001,-78.595789,-78.596256,-78.596624,-78.597007,-78.597237,-78.59815,-78.598341,-78.598791,-78.599189,-78.599466,-78.599756,-78.60029,-78.600611,-78.60072,-78.600832,-78.600944,-78.601033,-78.601139,-78.601566,-78.601749,-78.601985,-78.602063,-78.602184,-78.602312,-78.602388,-78.602459,-78.60254,-78.602611,-78.602668,-78.602812,-78.602897,-78.602976,-78.603085,-78.603179,-78.603439,-78.603604,-78.603706,-78.604328,-78.604796,-78.604953,-78.605054,-78.605194,-78.605511,-78.605676,-78.605712,-78.606488,-78.607099,-78.607807,-78.608525,-78.608796,-78.609276,-78.609483,-78.609677,-78.609899,-78.610109,-78.610163,-78.610239,-78.610792,-78.610884,-78.611081,-78.611237,-78.611662,-78.611718,-78.612022,-78.612073,-78.612145,-78.612199,-78.612227,-78.612244,-78.612249,-78.612263,-78.612277,-78.612276,-78.612272,-78.612262,-78.612266,-78.612284,-78.612316,-78.612363,-78.612439,-78.612532,-78.61294,-78.613268,-78.613685,-78.613772,-78.613842,-78.614035,-78.614104,-78.614183,-78.614268,-78.614377,-78.614498,-78.614665,-78.61503,-78.615448,-78.615631,-78.615781,-78.616615,-78.616788,-78.617336,-78.617561,-78.617792,-78.618362,-78.618973,-78.619164,-78.619397,-78.619765,-78.619916,-78.620206,-78.620379,-78.620922,-78.62117,-78.621407,-78.621629,-78.621689,-78.621788,-78.621877,-78.621977,-78.622299,-78.622359,-78.622413,-78.622453,-78.62247,-78.622468,-78.622457,-78.622356,-78.622349,-78.622361,-78.622392,-78.622657,-78.622737,-78.622838,-78.623012,-78.623179,-78.623442,-78.623507,-78.6236,-78.623695,-78.623783,-78.623985,-78.624115,-78.62426,-78.624945,-78.625054,-78.625259,-78.625649,-78.625811,-78.626316,-78.626384,-78.62648,-78.626605,-78.627243,-78.627043],"lat":[37.917834,37.918247,37.918862,37.919046,37.919658,37.919795,37.919938,37.920076,37.920214,37.920355,37.920985,37.921111,37.921211,37.921253,37.921357,37.921487,37.921609,37.92213,37.922267,37.922392,37.922439,37.922554,37.922811,37.922868,37.922926,37.922954,37.92301,37.923097,37.92312,37.923127,37.92312,37.923095,37.923068,37.923031,37.923,37.922959,37.922891,37.922556,37.922399,37.922322,37.922132,37.922097,37.922076,37.92207,37.92209,37.922121,37.922156,37.922177,37.92223,37.922332,37.922446,37.922789,37.922932,37.923788,37.924128,37.924487,37.924584,37.924671,37.924747,37.925039,37.925143,37.925248,37.925308,37.925341,37.925667,37.925733,37.925742,37.925863,37.925992,37.926136,37.926229,37.92626,37.926696,37.926865,37.927212,37.927338,37.927372,37.927399,37.927525,37.927615,37.927674,37.927834,37.928026,37.928148,37.92841,37.928815,37.928892,37.929922,37.930562,37.930981,37.93118,37.931273,37.931346,37.931607,37.931864,37.932106,37.932685,37.933225,37.933403,37.933571,37.933751,37.933863,37.93389,37.934015,37.93415,37.934346,37.93514,37.935406,37.93558,37.936255,37.936488,37.936952,37.937056,37.937149,37.93723,37.937286,37.937446,37.937519,37.93754,37.937655,37.937831,37.937906,37.937997,37.938152,37.938194,37.938312,37.938351,37.938404,37.938432,37.938474,37.93853,37.938605,37.938688,37.938966,37.939285,37.939486,37.939599,37.939672,37.940205,37.940394,37.940624,37.940814,37.940961,37.941054,37.941445,37.941852,37.942049,37.942587,37.942831,37.942885,37.942953,37.9432,37.943243,37.943336,37.943366,37.943422,37.943472,37.943517,37.94359,37.943652,37.943732,37.943809,37.9439,37.943948,37.944007,37.944084,37.944136,37.944169,37.944199,37.944229,37.944245,37.944268,37.944298,37.944355,37.944401,37.944653,37.944741,37.94482,37.945443,37.945511,37.945588,37.945687,37.945767,37.945849,37.945933,37.946015,37.946112,37.946155,37.946208,37.946387,37.946444,37.946546,37.94663,37.946652,37.946763,37.946875,37.947008,37.947096,37.947208,37.947295,37.947345,37.94743,37.947514,37.947595,37.947686,37.947754,37.947801,37.94785,37.947881,37.948149,37.94823,37.948411,37.948468,37.948573,37.94882,37.949276,37.949415,37.949589,37.949951,37.950036,37.950169,37.950292,37.950383,37.950511,37.950604,37.950738,37.950822,37.950952,37.951042,37.951136,37.951219,37.9513,37.951534,37.951638,37.951655,37.951655,37.951632,37.951552,37.95153,37.951515,37.951515,37.951528,37.951544,37.951592,37.951652,37.951722,37.951784,37.951851,37.952175,37.95227,37.95236,37.952441,37.952509,37.952575,37.952597,37.952613,37.95262,37.95261,37.952571,37.952566,37.952576,37.95259,37.95262,37.952643,37.952691,37.952748,37.952794,37.952832,37.953154,37.953231,37.953348,37.953649,37.953757,37.953877,37.954039,37.954095,37.954127,37.954326,37.954487,37.954538,37.954618,37.954802,37.954863,37.955039,37.955096,37.955177,37.955271,37.95537,37.955441,37.955533,37.955628,37.956122,37.956132,37.956253,37.956478,37.957815,37.958238,37.958389,37.958793,37.958887,37.958975,37.959081,37.959135,37.959848,37.959954,37.960262,37.96047,37.960562,37.961591,37.961673,37.961867,37.961993,37.962111,37.962247,37.962393,37.962686,37.962968,37.963323,37.963404,37.963456,37.96382,37.963951,37.964052,37.964147,37.964662,37.964764,37.965278,37.965401,37.965632,37.965746,37.966111,37.966428,37.966926,37.967579,37.968603,37.969122,37.969352,37.969766,37.969882,37.970694,37.971441,37.971698,37.971864,37.972018,37.972148,37.972488,37.972671,37.9735,37.973805,37.97393,37.974064,37.974621,37.975022,37.975497,37.976059,37.976205,37.976362,37.976443,37.977096,37.977423,37.977467,37.977571,37.977682,37.977746,37.977816,37.977919,37.97799,37.978083,37.978187,37.978335,37.978427,37.978534,37.978569,37.978595,37.978612,37.978618,37.978636,37.978634,37.978619,37.978515,37.978496,37.978476,37.978457,37.978451,37.97845,37.978464,37.978491,37.978521,37.978571,37.978619,37.978697,37.978816,37.978878,37.979186,37.97926,37.979309,37.979359,37.979417,37.979454,37.979517,37.979552,37.979567,37.979602,37.979628,37.979639,37.979638,37.979653,37.97967,37.979708,37.979757,37.979835,37.979881,37.979963,37.980044,37.980201,37.980252,37.980314,37.98039,37.980432,37.980566,37.980733,37.98095,37.981094,37.981122,37.981135,37.981138,37.981133,37.981115,37.981109,37.981116,37.981105,37.981086,37.981051,37.981005,37.980948,37.980861,37.980763,37.980629,37.980526,37.980462,37.980367,37.980293,37.980219,37.980182,37.980158,37.98013,37.980098,37.980103,37.980121,37.980157,37.980365,37.980527,37.980677,37.980813,37.980943,37.981509,37.981632,37.981673,37.981763,37.981818,37.981884,37.982024,37.982036,37.982278,37.982348,37.982441,37.982479,37.982584,37.982711,37.982907,37.983105,37.983422,37.983582,37.983678,37.983868,37.98393,37.984318,37.984857,37.985044,37.985184,37.98543,37.985679,37.98576,37.985852,37.985873,37.986325,37.986871,37.986946,37.98727,37.987397,37.987585,37.987903,37.988354,37.988578,37.989005,37.98948,37.989846,37.990032,37.990179,37.990359,37.990457,37.990552,37.990699,37.990835,37.991149,37.991545,37.991809,37.992137,37.992316,37.992471,37.992603,37.993329,37.993603,37.993708,37.993826,37.993957,37.994054,37.994185,37.99428,37.994184,37.994118,37.993997,37.993816,37.99369,37.993558,37.993377,37.993344,37.993322,37.993349,37.993376,37.993547,37.993585,37.993826,37.993958,37.994304,37.994573,37.994803,37.994814,37.994775,37.994764,37.994748,37.994605,37.994563,37.994501,37.994347,37.99433,37.994314,37.994226,37.994204,37.994182,37.994187,37.994407,37.994533,37.994703,37.994758,37.994824,37.994873,37.994886,37.99489,37.99489,37.994857,37.994862,37.99489,37.994939,37.995098,37.995186,37.995247,37.995258,37.995186,37.995164,37.995202,37.995296,37.995472,37.995504,37.995532,37.995708,37.996092,37.996256,37.996654,37.996674,37.996761,37.996987,37.997047,37.997091,37.99714,37.997162,37.997277,37.997404,37.997536,37.997618,37.997634,37.997667,37.997695,37.997722,37.99775,37.997777,37.997854,37.998134,37.998189,37.99832,37.998419,37.998551,37.998617,37.998727,37.998784,37.998837,37.998924,37.998985,37.999122,37.999232,37.999512,37.999742,37.999813,37.999835,37.999829,37.999807,37.999643,37.999544,37.999522,37.999494,37.999466,37.999299,37.999208,37.999065,37.998911,37.998829,37.998763,37.998516,37.998439,37.998389,37.998373,37.998367,37.998312,37.998139,37.998032,37.997857,37.997703,37.997626,37.997598,37.997565,37.997554,37.99751,37.997368,37.997324,37.997302,37.997307,37.997289,37.99718,37.997164,37.997164,37.997185,37.997174,37.997136,37.997086,37.997031,37.996839,37.996806,37.996751,37.996526,37.996432,37.996267,37.996234,37.996383,37.996399,37.996405,37.996421,37.996536,37.996586,37.996772,37.996783,37.996767,37.996728,37.996558,37.996459,37.996382,37.996283,37.996223,37.996168,37.996119,37.996098,37.996086,37.996091,37.996118,37.996113,37.99602,37.995687,37.996159,37.996335,37.996464,37.996482,37.996471,37.996423,37.996254,37.996309,37.996408,37.996301,37.99622,37.99614,37.996032,37.995936,37.995896,37.995548,37.99527,37.995157,37.99504,37.994909,37.994769,37.994613,37.994507,37.994383,37.994247,37.994111,37.993988,37.993901,37.993824,37.993753,37.993692,37.993653,37.993611,37.99359,37.993587,37.993605,37.993637,37.993662,37.993684,37.993734,37.993768,37.993867,37.993931,37.993981,37.99401,37.994034,37.994045,37.994043,37.994026,37.993979,37.992959,37.992211,37.991536,37.99096,37.990824,37.989121,37.988895,37.988727,37.988555,37.98839,37.988289,37.988113,37.987779,37.987666,37.986666,37.98644,37.986257,37.985972,37.985428,37.985236,37.985045,37.98473,37.984502,37.984122,37.983598,37.98322,37.983023,37.982881,37.982744,37.982612,37.982479,37.982352,37.982258,37.982099,37.982037,37.981969,37.981913,37.981851,37.981794,37.981745,37.981678,37.982055,37.982691,37.98294,37.983436,37.984363,37.984663,37.984846,37.985128,37.985392,37.98639,37.986752,37.986887,37.986984,37.987097,37.987354,37.988102,37.988256,37.988732,37.988876,37.98905,37.989153,37.98926,37.98969,37.989752,37.989964,37.990164,37.990424,37.990692,37.990897,37.991001,37.991096,37.991136,37.991178,37.991269,37.991302,37.991576,37.991703,37.991755,37.991826,37.991881,37.992023,37.992201,37.992559,37.992666,37.992778,37.992915,37.993026,37.993172,37.993433,37.99345,37.993797,37.993966,37.99448,37.994615,37.994726,37.994846,37.994923,37.99504,37.995111,37.995235,37.995485,37.996025,37.997494,37.998198,37.998241,37.998269,37.998312,37.998431,37.998545,37.99865,37.998749,37.998891,37.999039,37.999367,37.99946,37.999525,37.999634,37.99974,37.999895,38.000023,38.000675,38.000874,38.000958,38.00129,38.001862,38.002258,38.002554,38.002821,38.003392,38.00383,38.003756,38.003713,38.003275,38.003197,38.003095,38.003052,38.003009,38.002989,38.002984,38.00299,38.003011,38.00305,38.003095,38.003172,38.003215,38.003341,38.003431,38.003569,38.003719,38.003912,38.004074,38.005067,38.005432,38.00618,38.006383,38.006649,38.006815,38.007067,38.007863,38.008327,38.008505,38.008536,38.008778,38.008855,38.008944,38.009162,38.009262,38.00934,38.00936,38.009399,38.009425,38.009437,38.00943,38.00942,38.009403,38.009362,38.009321,38.00926,38.009189,38.009114,38.009002,38.008581,38.0085,38.00843,38.008392,38.008366,38.008354,38.00836,38.008366,38.008399,38.008569,38.008618,38.008654,38.008675,38.008678,38.008666,38.008629,38.008588,38.008535,38.00845,38.008322,38.008217,38.008103,38.007982,38.00788,38.007773,38.007536,38.007453,38.007377,38.007336,38.00716,38.007005,38.006924,38.006842,38.006736,38.006359,38.006055,38.006012,38.00598,38.005962,38.005975,38.005965,38.00594,38.005927,38.005895,38.005856,38.005798,38.005706,38.005616,38.005485,38.005431,38.005412,38.005288,38.005093,38.00496,38.004896,38.004654,38.004445,38.004402,38.004333,38.004263,38.004189,38.004011,38.003746,38.003589,38.003463,38.00333,38.003174,38.003026,38.002979,38.00287,38.002772,38.002701,38.002347,38.00202,38.001909,38.001847,38.001819,38.001741,38.001682,38.001606,38.001552,38.001479,38.001421,38.001332,38.001276,38.00118,38.001074,38.001,38.000904,38.000807,38.000712,38.000645,38.000431,37.999911,37.99932,37.999036,37.998889,37.998671,37.998557,37.998445,37.998355,37.997649,37.997363,37.99708,37.996979,37.996908,37.996821,37.996764,37.996734,37.996658,37.996563,37.996469,37.996367,37.996256,37.996177,37.996014,37.995846,37.995726,37.995468,37.995366,37.994926,37.994846,37.994704,37.994618,37.994549,37.994487,37.994309,37.994099,37.993916,37.993719,37.99359,37.993312,37.993188,37.993098,37.993008,37.992964,37.992939,37.99291,37.992902,37.992905,37.992895,37.992871,37.992838,37.992794,37.99261,37.992389,37.992227,37.991713,37.991431,37.990951,37.990358,37.990053,37.989905,37.989815,37.989573,37.989496,37.989449,37.989411,37.989356,37.989297,37.988519,37.987661,37.987591,37.987486,37.987424,37.98704,37.986981,37.986907,37.98676,37.986595,37.986422,37.986346,37.98621,37.986061,37.985945,37.985836,37.985716,37.985586,37.985448,37.984855,37.984284,37.984,37.983633,37.983442,37.983234,37.983168,37.983071,37.982898,37.982754,37.982634,37.982544,37.982451,37.98237,37.982332,37.982176,37.982115,37.982074,37.98177,37.981724,37.981199,37.980839,37.980703,37.98063,37.980536,37.980382,37.980232,37.980149,37.980032,37.979936,37.979567,37.979452,37.979269,37.979124,37.978784,37.978667,37.978329,37.978282,37.978155,37.977983,37.977858,37.977805,37.977763,37.977629,37.977537,37.977377,37.977317,37.97716,37.976994,37.976785,37.976638,37.976488,37.976258,37.975958,37.97522,37.974841,37.974706,37.974525,37.974379,37.97423,37.974082,37.973941,37.973129,37.972858,37.972288,37.971624,37.971395,37.971218,37.970652,37.970446,37.970334,37.970232,37.970142,37.970064,37.970011,37.969957,37.969931,37.969869,37.969847,37.969843,37.969853,37.969927,37.970024,37.97012,37.970144,37.970233,37.970268,37.970364,37.970433,37.970437,37.970497,37.970581,37.970896,37.971012,37.971109,37.971147,37.971175,37.971252,37.971321,37.971362,37.971365,37.971353,37.971339,37.971326,37.971124,37.971052,37.970922,37.970896,37.970886,37.970893,37.970919,37.971114,37.971144,37.971202,37.971223,37.97123,37.971225,37.97121,37.971171,37.971136,37.971047,37.971017,37.970973,37.970891,37.970806,37.970667,37.970433,37.970305,37.970081,37.969943,37.969858,37.969709,37.969586,37.969371,37.969244,37.969086,37.968881,37.968327,37.968172,37.96802,37.967858,37.967657,37.967399,37.966893,37.966609,37.966423,37.966199,37.965989,37.965267,37.964838,37.964652,37.964336,37.963893,37.963652,37.963343,37.962985,37.961249,37.96019,37.959952,37.959861,37.959615,37.959415,37.959146,37.958589,37.958493,37.958434,37.958182,37.957986,37.957833,37.957701,37.957481,37.957258,37.956147,37.955683,37.955497,37.955266,37.955159,37.95498,37.954795,37.954622,37.954564,37.954322,37.954112,37.953975,37.953822,37.953662,37.953304,37.951614,37.951083,37.949937,37.949803,37.949575,37.94942,37.949214,37.949152,37.949033,37.94889,37.948641,37.948468,37.948445,37.948217,37.948173,37.948142,37.948126,37.948125,37.948134,37.948161,37.948166,37.948154,37.948121,37.947992,37.947878,37.947848,37.947834,37.947831,37.947843,37.94787,37.94791,37.948016,37.948043,37.948065,37.948075,37.948065,37.94804,37.947992,37.947938,37.947874,37.947804,37.947354,37.947134,37.946914,37.946852,37.946405,37.946362,37.945452,37.945208,37.944985,37.944949,37.94484,37.944672,37.944536,37.944396,37.94429,37.944127,37.943948,37.943474,37.943192,37.943012,37.94285,37.942677,37.942515,37.942357,37.942231,37.942112,37.942025,37.941269,37.940384,37.940052,37.939673,37.93962,37.939537,37.939316,37.938356,37.938288,37.937318,37.937175,37.932901,37.931437,37.930582,37.92504,37.924596,37.923405,37.923265,37.923141,37.920797,37.920724,37.920644,37.918873,37.916628,37.916369,37.914995,37.91472,37.913919,37.913294,37.904673,37.904159,37.903441,37.90299,37.900089,37.898902,37.898173,37.897752,37.897301,37.896916,37.89273,37.891109,37.889004,37.887753,37.885959,37.885372,37.88518,37.885085,37.884341,37.884088,37.882399,37.877908,37.877186,37.87707,37.874335,37.873857,37.871949,37.871422,37.871066,37.864285,37.86233,37.8571,37.856038,37.855964,37.855948,37.85571,37.854742,37.854378,37.848398,37.848087,37.847246,37.847045,37.8443,37.841546,37.838144,37.837857,37.837774,37.837186,37.835798,37.832418,37.832005,37.831748,37.831088,37.830936,37.830705,37.823688,37.823454,37.823414,37.823417,37.823441,37.82347,37.823475,37.823561,37.823577,37.823601,37.823631,37.823667,37.823737,37.823797,37.82382,37.823912,37.824009,37.824044,37.824214,37.824455,37.824559,37.8247,37.824734,37.824821,37.824962,37.825064,37.825192,37.825226,37.825259,37.825289,37.825355,37.825458,37.82563,37.826162,37.826482,37.826551,37.826756,37.826823,37.827201,37.827375,37.827585,37.827765,37.827799,37.827868,37.827902,37.82811,37.828251,37.828286,37.828428,37.828604,37.828912,37.828981,37.829014,37.829115,37.829184,37.829216,37.829319,37.829529,37.829741,37.829945,37.830044,37.83014,37.830232,37.830348,37.83043,37.830455,37.830474,37.830488,37.830526,37.830576,37.830615,37.830662,37.830718,37.830814,37.830917,37.831055,37.831224,37.831325,37.831424,37.831553,37.831743,37.831877,37.831911,37.831977,37.832011,37.832179,37.83244,37.832572,37.832713,37.832748,37.832852,37.832922,37.832992,37.833375,37.833445,37.833585,37.833654,37.833793,37.83386,37.833989,37.834176,37.834236,37.834483,37.834581,37.834717,37.835338,37.835574,37.83574,37.835967,37.836502,37.836635,37.836855,37.836919,37.837013,37.837253,37.837626,37.83768,37.837944,37.838057,37.83808,37.838136,37.838348,37.838395,37.838504,37.838527,37.838687,37.838773,37.83889,37.839077,37.839175,37.839276,37.839412,37.839477,37.839613,37.839689,37.839693,37.839742,37.83979,37.839814,37.839839,37.839846,37.839844,37.83983,37.839794,37.839768,37.83966,37.839579,37.839511,37.839369,37.839292,37.83918,37.839058,37.83899,37.838849,37.838731,37.838564,37.838489,37.837628,37.837556,37.837487,37.837443,37.837407,37.837359,37.837192,37.837064,37.836976,37.836851,37.836737,37.836636,37.836588,37.836517,37.836453,37.83641,37.836296,37.836209,37.83603,37.835288,37.834864,37.834679,37.83401,37.833854,37.833701,37.833235,37.833115,37.832981,37.832567,37.832442,37.832187,37.832051,37.831972,37.8319,37.831845,37.831781,37.831739,37.831677,37.831647,37.8316,37.83156,37.831492,37.831432,37.831385,37.831368,37.831306,37.831294,37.83127,37.831239,37.831208,37.831336,37.831323,37.831313,37.831316,37.831318,37.831332,37.831364,37.831548,37.831643,37.83187,37.832088,37.832251,37.832323,37.832392,37.832577,37.832707,37.83286,37.83294,37.83301,37.833252,37.833519,37.8337,37.833868,37.834224,37.834416,37.834737,37.835042,37.835263,37.83549,37.835689,37.835879,37.836053,37.836262,37.836508,37.83672,37.837083,37.837315,37.837449,37.837489,37.837679,37.838105,37.838236,37.838342,37.838398,37.838573,37.838942,37.839279,37.83959,37.839756,37.839888,37.840075,37.8405,37.841362,37.841621,37.841712,37.841821,37.841849,37.842111,37.84273,37.843449,37.843731,37.843902,37.844105,37.844232,37.84439,37.844692,37.845292,37.845664,37.846204,37.846323,37.846625,37.847164,37.847669,37.847797,37.847948,37.848045,37.848088,37.848365,37.848551,37.848726,37.848914,37.848991,37.849136,37.849217,37.84929,37.849393,37.849484,37.849907,37.850137,37.850428,37.850549,37.850844,37.85114,37.851341,37.851541,37.851704,37.85218,37.852304,37.852343,37.852811,37.853205,37.853635,37.853959,37.85413,37.854638,37.855837,37.856618,37.856671,37.856714,37.856744,37.856762,37.856761,37.856635,37.856615,37.856581,37.85652,37.856497,37.856454,37.856363,37.855941,37.855961,37.855986,37.856054,37.856091,37.856164,37.856212,37.856272,37.856345,37.856559,37.856882,37.85696,37.857148,37.857412,37.857536,37.857649,37.85773,37.857821,37.858216,37.858369,37.858428,37.858514,37.858707,37.859016,37.859326,37.85943,37.859503,37.859582,37.859635,37.860261,37.860402,37.860537,37.860705,37.860933,37.861008,37.861233,37.861388,37.861543,37.86161,37.861726,37.861837,37.862299,37.862589,37.862926,37.863316,37.863401,37.863765,37.863909,37.864216,37.864308,37.864579,37.864682,37.864771,37.864834,37.864904,37.86495,37.865019,37.865064,37.865071,37.865067,37.865058,37.865037,37.864999,37.864933,37.86502,37.86488,37.864829,37.864912,37.865199,37.865381,37.865465,37.865524,37.865587,37.865702,37.865746,37.865791,37.865859,37.86594,37.866072,37.866674,37.867089,37.86767,37.869421,37.869798,37.870556,37.870982,37.871386,37.871553,37.8722,37.872554,37.873471,37.873974,37.874171,37.874335,37.874926,37.875148,37.875363,37.87542,37.87549,37.875568,37.875647,37.875891,37.875934,37.876013,37.876187,37.876536,37.877541,37.878151,37.878488,37.878615,37.878777,37.879242,37.879321,37.879391,37.8795,37.879579,37.879652,37.880035,37.880646,37.881078,37.88149,37.881621,37.881729,37.881849,37.882275,37.882489,37.882574,37.882643,37.883299,37.884213,37.88435,37.884422,37.8851,37.885538,37.88571,37.885872,37.885936,37.88598,37.886025,37.886066,37.886122,37.886485,37.886521,37.886792,37.887124,37.887371,37.887534,37.887616,37.887884,37.887989,37.888057,37.888594,37.888695,37.889187,37.889371,37.889763,37.889972,37.890165,37.890342,37.890467,37.890895,37.890996,37.89121,37.891404,37.891527,37.891648,37.891847,37.891977,37.892001,37.892011,37.892005,37.891991,37.89196,37.891767,37.891676,37.891583,37.891565,37.891548,37.891545,37.891551,37.89157,37.891607,37.891655,37.891713,37.8919,37.891984,37.892044,37.892109,37.892152,37.892242,37.892282,37.892299,37.892381,37.892435,37.892474,37.892509,37.892578,37.892792,37.892925,37.892954,37.893501,37.893911,37.894467,37.894966,37.895144,37.89549,37.895663,37.895846,37.896078,37.896322,37.896393,37.896493,37.897151,37.897264,37.897509,37.89773,37.898433,37.898518,37.898892,37.898961,37.899082,37.899209,37.899313,37.899417,37.899943,37.901387,37.902112,37.902842,37.903052,37.90361,37.904009,37.904123,37.904242,37.904344,37.904478,37.904605,37.905069,37.905443,37.905874,37.905989,37.906112,37.906564,37.906685,37.90679,37.906882,37.906979,37.907065,37.907159,37.90733,37.907527,37.907604,37.907655,37.907899,37.907955,37.908166,37.908232,37.908285,37.908374,37.908491,37.908534,37.9086,37.90873,37.908783,37.908904,37.908982,37.909249,37.909375,37.909513,37.90966,37.909701,37.909769,37.909839,37.909935,37.910325,37.910413,37.91052,37.910632,37.910738,37.911064,37.911169,37.911686,37.911819,37.911953,37.912084,37.912788,37.913038,37.913417,37.913982,37.914468,37.915233,37.915383,37.91556,37.915702,37.91581,37.916012,37.916111,37.916194,37.916497,37.916553,37.916678,37.916971,37.91708,37.917341,37.917372,37.917406,37.917437,37.917519,37.917834]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.529665,-78.529516,-78.52938,-78.529246,-78.529093,-78.528869,-78.528658,-78.528638,-78.528584,-78.528531,-78.528508,-78.528503,-78.528516,-78.528546,-78.528709,-78.528855,-78.528926,-78.528958,-78.529036,-78.529175,-78.529199,-78.529204,-78.529204,-78.529188,-78.529161,-78.529116,-78.528915,-78.528724,-78.528063,-78.527689,-78.527475,-78.527298,-78.527196,-78.527,-78.526644,-78.526454,-78.52638,-78.526194,-78.525951,-78.525763,-78.525866,-78.525938,-78.525981,-78.526026,-78.526053,-78.526096,-78.526134,-78.526219,-78.526339,-78.526648,-78.526791,-78.526941,-78.527198,-78.527455,-78.527645,-78.527847,-78.527886,-78.527908,-78.527912,-78.527902,-78.527867,-78.527844,-78.527802,-78.527752,-78.527538,-78.527348,-78.527269,-78.527229,-78.527136,-78.527103,-78.527049,-78.526742,-78.526682,-78.526655,-78.526647,-78.526612,-78.526511,-78.526442,-78.526402,-78.526384,-78.526336,-78.526149,-78.526088,-78.525944,-78.52579,-78.52557,-78.525376,-78.525064,-78.52471,-78.524491,-78.524416,-78.524353,-78.524277,-78.524207,-78.523897,-78.523682,-78.523583,-78.523443,-78.523336,-78.52321,-78.523089,-78.522862,-78.522631,-78.522372,-78.5219,-78.521885,-78.521669,-78.521546,-78.521415,-78.521327,-78.521219,-78.52079,-78.520636,-78.520521,-78.520481,-78.520437,-78.520375,-78.520331,-78.520281,-78.520235,-78.520144,-78.520081,-78.520068,-78.520044,-78.520015,-78.52,-78.519948,-78.519916,-78.519883,-78.519858,-78.519864,-78.519894,-78.519923,-78.519923,-78.519897,-78.519842,-78.519694,-78.519664,-78.519592,-78.519496,-78.519439,-78.519386,-78.519378,-78.519373,-78.519353,-78.519339,-78.519318,-78.51928,-78.519259,-78.519252,-78.519207,-78.519197,-78.519182,-78.519161,-78.519144,-78.519127,-78.519102,-78.519074,-78.519046,-78.519002,-78.518999,-78.518981,-78.518967,-78.518961,-78.518961,-78.518954,-78.51897,-78.518985,-78.518991,-78.519001,-78.51902,-78.519002,-78.519002,-78.519009,-78.519016,-78.519019,-78.519026,-78.519033,-78.519037,-78.519033,-78.519015,-78.519002,-78.518998,-78.518995,-78.518988,-78.518973,-78.518944,-78.518911,-78.518885,-78.518853,-78.518817,-78.51879,-78.518761,-78.518745,-78.518738,-78.518735,-78.518745,-78.518758,-78.518769,-78.518781,-78.518795,-78.51881,-78.518824,-78.518832,-78.518832,-78.518803,-78.518793,-78.518793,-78.518805,-78.518819,-78.518826,-78.518815,-78.518803,-78.518793,-78.518768,-78.518758,-78.518755,-78.518748,-78.518751,-78.518766,-78.51879,-78.51881,-78.518899,-78.518945,-78.519009,-78.519119,-78.519215,-78.519258,-78.519317,-78.519344,-78.519369,-78.519362,-78.519352,-78.519345,-78.519338,-78.519334,-78.519338,-78.519338,-78.519341,-78.519338,-78.519333,-78.519313,-78.519284,-78.519245,-78.519191,-78.519157,-78.519132,-78.519097,-78.519059,-78.519034,-78.518906,-78.518863,-78.518829,-78.518759,-78.518734,-78.518722,-78.518708,-78.51861,-78.518457,-78.518429,-78.518412,-78.518378,-78.51833,-78.518185,-78.518097,-78.518016,-78.517875,-78.517781,-78.517714,-78.517645,-78.517528,-78.517474,-78.517444,-78.517367,-78.51727,-78.517241,-78.517201,-78.517188,-78.517123,-78.517071,-78.517043,-78.516984,-78.516898,-78.516786,-78.516705,-78.51662,-78.516571,-78.516505,-78.516451,-78.516447,-78.516274,-78.516224,-78.516175,-78.51612,-78.516025,-78.515931,-78.515873,-78.515796,-78.515729,-78.515753,-78.515763,-78.5157,-78.515638,-78.515566,-78.51552,-78.515477,-78.515447,-78.51541,-78.515357,-78.5153,-78.515251,-78.515176,-78.515157,-78.515129,-78.515044,-78.514987,-78.514928,-78.514813,-78.514756,-78.51463,-78.514556,-78.51447,-78.514418,-78.51434,-78.514235,-78.514152,-78.514117,-78.514099,-78.51408,-78.514029,-78.513987,-78.513929,-78.513913,-78.513909,-78.51394,-78.513924,-78.513895,-78.513817,-78.513768,-78.51371,-78.513646,-78.513604,-78.513548,-78.513527,-78.513465,-78.513396,-78.513372,-78.513335,-78.513321,-78.513261,-78.513186,-78.513101,-78.513059,-78.512984,-78.512864,-78.512817,-78.512724,-78.512654,-78.512549,-78.512481,-78.512427,-78.512384,-78.5123,-78.512185,-78.51211,-78.512019,-78.511931,-78.511867,-78.511805,-78.511747,-78.511699,-78.511626,-78.511528,-78.511464,-78.51144,-78.511339,-78.511228,-78.511158,-78.51106,-78.510992,-78.510953,-78.510897,-78.510826,-78.510779,-78.510738,-78.510701,-78.510681,-78.510664,-78.510635,-78.510586,-78.51054,-78.510495,-78.510461,-78.510411,-78.510353,-78.510283,-78.510253,-78.510222,-78.51016,-78.51011,-78.510085,-78.510062,-78.510058,-78.51003,-78.510016,-78.510003,-78.509976,-78.509933,-78.509892,-78.509881,-78.509863,-78.509863,-78.50986,-78.509845,-78.509737,-78.509707,-78.509683,-78.509648,-78.509619,-78.509596,-78.50956,-78.509529,-78.509498,-78.509459,-78.5094,-78.509342,-78.509309,-78.50926,-78.509213,-78.509184,-78.509157,-78.509115,-78.50903,-78.508947,-78.508864,-78.50884,-78.508771,-78.5087,-78.508612,-78.508563,-78.508508,-78.508473,-78.508464,-78.508464,-78.508434,-78.508402,-78.508373,-78.508327,-78.508271,-78.508183,-78.508056,-78.507913,-78.507729,-78.50755,-78.507416,-78.507354,-78.507316,-78.507249,-78.507145,-78.507088,-78.506997,-78.506874,-78.506751,-78.506664,-78.506603,-78.506532,-78.506427,-78.50638,-78.506303,-78.506169,-78.505965,-78.505739,-78.505599,-78.505442,-78.505291,-78.505187,-78.504851,-78.504566,-78.504473,-78.504269,-78.504134,-78.503986,-78.503856,-78.503715,-78.503525,-78.503404,-78.503313,-78.503406,-78.50351,-78.503607,-78.503662,-78.503691,-78.503927,-78.504239,-78.504476,-78.504837,-78.505038,-78.505208,-78.505403,-78.505691,-78.505809,-78.505844,-78.50599,-78.506164,-78.506629,-78.506823,-78.507011,-78.507143,-78.507463,-78.507928,-78.508206,-78.508504,-78.508657,-78.50897,-78.509164,-78.509553,-78.50981,-78.509956,-78.510116,-78.51038,-78.510637,-78.510668,-78.510922,-78.511116,-78.511172,-78.511276,-78.511347,-78.511374,-78.511972,-78.512062,-78.512361,-78.512437,-78.512576,-78.512736,-78.512833,-78.512985,-78.513138,-78.513235,-78.513381,-78.513547,-78.513964,-78.514123,-78.514442,-78.514852,-78.515143,-78.515277,-78.515524,-78.515601,-78.515726,-78.515892,-78.516253,-78.516565,-78.516662,-78.516815,-78.51703,-78.517335,-78.517884,-78.518404,-78.518668,-78.518904,-78.518967,-78.519036,-78.51906,-78.519085,-78.519113,-78.519106,-78.519029,-78.519016,-78.519161,-78.519196,-78.51928,-78.519314,-78.519342,-78.519391,-78.519467,-78.519724,-78.519814,-78.519828,-78.519849,-78.519821,-78.519856,-78.51987,-78.519884,-78.520134,-78.520203,-78.520245,-78.520286,-78.520349,-78.52037,-78.520773,-78.520925,-78.521161,-78.521356,-78.52137,-78.52137,-78.521314,-78.52137,-78.521523,-78.521661,-78.521856,-78.521876,-78.521897,-78.521904,-78.521849,-78.521863,-78.521884,-78.521925,-78.522196,-78.522307,-78.522325,-78.52239,-78.522508,-78.522612,-78.522668,-78.522744,-78.522835,-78.522911,-78.523084,-78.523279,-78.523362,-78.523584,-78.523744,-78.523792,-78.524007,-78.524139,-78.524229,-78.524465,-78.524513,-78.524805,-78.52511,-78.525249,-78.525957,-78.526353,-78.526741,-78.526922,-78.527297,-78.527383,-78.527782,-78.527935,-78.528379,-78.528462,-78.528525,-78.528761,-78.529031,-78.529191,-78.529329,-78.529524,-78.529648,-78.529891,-78.529665],"lat":[37.994387,37.994468,37.994561,37.994686,37.994852,37.995162,37.995504,37.995538,37.995649,37.995796,37.995902,37.996009,37.996115,37.996219,37.996504,37.996739,37.996863,37.996926,37.997078,37.997427,37.997529,37.997602,37.997633,37.997764,37.997882,37.997997,37.998352,37.998619,37.999582,38.000108,38.000417,38.000677,38.000804,38.001051,38.001428,38.001605,38.001665,38.00182,38.002001,38.002126,38.002234,38.002312,38.002358,38.002438,38.002522,38.002688,38.002799,38.002995,38.003235,38.003786,38.004006,38.004215,38.004558,38.004923,38.005226,38.005571,38.005681,38.005794,38.00591,38.006009,38.006135,38.00618,38.006231,38.006271,38.006974,38.00749,38.007747,38.007922,38.008349,38.008508,38.008728,38.010224,38.010547,38.010802,38.011003,38.011495,38.012355,38.012951,38.013238,38.013353,38.013538,38.014104,38.014224,38.014466,38.014684,38.01496,38.015187,38.01557,38.015988,38.016293,38.0164,38.016469,38.016529,38.016569,38.016712,38.016838,38.016892,38.01698,38.017058,38.017173,38.017302,38.017527,38.017742,38.017959,38.018318,38.018328,38.018437,38.018474,38.0185,38.018505,38.018497,38.01842,38.018385,38.018356,38.018351,38.018349,38.018355,38.018325,38.018277,38.018212,38.018142,38.01807,38.018053,38.01801,38.017975,38.017952,38.017905,38.017857,38.017794,38.017696,38.017672,38.017644,38.017585,38.01752,38.017469,38.017419,38.017341,38.017327,38.017302,38.017274,38.017243,38.017213,38.017204,38.017189,38.017125,38.01703,38.016913,38.016789,38.016695,38.016661,38.016499,38.016434,38.016359,38.016316,38.016243,38.016169,38.016083,38.016001,38.015915,38.015791,38.015754,38.015641,38.015549,38.015506,38.015419,38.01533,38.015273,38.015186,38.01513,38.01509,38.01504,38.014943,38.014805,38.014738,38.014658,38.014626,38.014594,38.01455,38.01448,38.014381,38.014317,38.014276,38.014234,38.01417,38.014082,38.014011,38.013945,38.013893,38.013859,38.013824,38.013781,38.013738,38.013689,38.013629,38.013546,38.013453,38.01337,38.013309,38.013237,38.013204,38.013176,38.013133,38.013069,38.012988,38.012924,38.012822,38.012786,38.012763,38.012678,38.012568,38.01237,38.012089,38.012046,38.01195,38.011864,38.011824,38.011788,38.011722,38.011709,38.011655,38.011629,38.011616,38.011591,38.011567,38.011526,38.011488,38.011456,38.011443,38.01142,38.011398,38.011334,38.011243,38.011156,38.011082,38.011013,38.01097,38.010867,38.010832,38.010801,38.010716,38.010678,38.010648,38.010628,38.010614,38.010631,38.010655,38.010678,38.010706,38.010727,38.010732,38.010737,38.010732,38.01073,38.010706,38.010704,38.010707,38.010705,38.010678,38.010637,38.010592,38.010581,38.010561,38.010549,38.010495,38.010467,38.010445,38.010406,38.010376,38.010359,38.010351,38.010357,38.010357,38.010347,38.01031,38.010252,38.010242,38.010236,38.01023,38.010207,38.01019,38.010186,38.010168,38.010154,38.010151,38.010157,38.010172,38.010179,38.010149,38.010109,38.010094,38.009965,38.009917,38.009861,38.009816,38.009801,38.009805,38.009827,38.009871,38.009979,38.010017,38.010023,38.010025,38.010027,38.010035,38.010072,38.010127,38.010163,38.010193,38.010198,38.010184,38.010167,38.010083,38.010039,38.009984,38.009932,38.009914,38.009909,38.009928,38.009935,38.009963,38.00999,38.010015,38.010022,38.010016,38.01,38.009975,38.009962,38.009954,38.009936,38.009899,38.009893,38.009879,38.009863,38.009854,38.009807,38.00979,38.009757,38.009722,38.009705,38.009694,38.00969,38.009698,38.009741,38.009746,38.009744,38.009737,38.009734,38.009725,38.009717,38.0097,38.009694,38.009706,38.009713,38.009711,38.009705,38.009709,38.009696,38.009679,38.009647,38.009635,38.009622,38.009618,38.009619,38.009631,38.009644,38.009649,38.009638,38.009624,38.009611,38.009599,38.009593,38.009588,38.009593,38.009602,38.009608,38.009621,38.009677,38.009713,38.009767,38.009791,38.0098,38.009803,38.009799,38.00979,38.009777,38.009761,38.009741,38.009705,38.009676,38.00967,38.00968,38.009701,38.009724,38.009733,38.009731,38.009731,38.009735,38.009744,38.009774,38.009815,38.009843,38.009887,38.009901,38.009947,38.010028,38.010073,38.010134,38.010204,38.010248,38.010256,38.010278,38.010334,38.010359,38.010373,38.010404,38.010411,38.010413,38.010427,38.010448,38.010484,38.010538,38.010601,38.01066,38.010721,38.01078,38.010823,38.010849,38.010879,38.010938,38.011007,38.011079,38.011145,38.011219,38.011277,38.011317,38.011321,38.011317,38.011329,38.011345,38.011363,38.011374,38.011378,38.011363,38.011331,38.011297,38.011276,38.011225,38.011176,38.011131,38.011086,38.01106,38.011032,38.011001,38.010971,38.010933,38.010919,38.010899,38.01087,38.010844,38.010819,38.010786,38.010735,38.010678,38.01065,38.010635,38.010619,38.010582,38.010564,38.010561,38.010537,38.010483,38.010426,38.010378,38.010324,38.010272,38.010235,38.010145,38.010084,38.010066,38.010024,38.010016,38.010016,38.01002,38.01005,38.010109,38.010152,38.0102,38.010096,38.010003,38.009909,38.009848,38.009816,38.009536,38.009146,38.008872,38.008416,38.008191,38.007981,38.007749,38.007407,38.007247,38.007192,38.007006,38.006803,38.006298,38.006051,38.005754,38.00559,38.005211,38.004706,38.004377,38.00397,38.003734,38.003328,38.003098,38.002571,38.002236,38.00206,38.001852,38.001473,38.001166,38.001122,38.00077,38.000518,38.00043,38.000293,38.00014,38.000124,37.99924,37.99913,37.998713,37.998636,37.998526,37.998444,37.998405,37.998367,37.998373,37.998389,37.998439,37.998516,37.998763,37.998829,37.998911,37.999065,37.999208,37.999299,37.999466,37.999494,37.999522,37.999544,37.999643,37.999807,37.999829,37.999835,37.999813,37.999742,37.999512,37.999232,37.999122,37.998985,37.998924,37.998837,37.998784,37.998727,37.998617,37.998551,37.998419,37.99832,37.998189,37.998134,37.997854,37.997777,37.99775,37.997722,37.997695,37.997667,37.997634,37.997618,37.997536,37.997404,37.997277,37.997162,37.99714,37.997091,37.997047,37.996987,37.996761,37.996674,37.996654,37.996256,37.996092,37.995708,37.995532,37.995504,37.995472,37.995296,37.995202,37.995164,37.995186,37.995258,37.995247,37.995186,37.995098,37.994939,37.99489,37.994862,37.994857,37.99489,37.99489,37.994886,37.994873,37.994824,37.994758,37.994703,37.994533,37.994407,37.994187,37.994182,37.994204,37.994226,37.994314,37.99433,37.994347,37.994501,37.994563,37.994605,37.994748,37.994764,37.994775,37.994814,37.994803,37.994573,37.994304,37.993958,37.993826,37.993585,37.993547,37.993376,37.993349,37.993322,37.993344,37.993377,37.993558,37.99369,37.993816,37.993997,37.994118,37.994184,37.99428,37.994387]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.788036,-78.787805,-78.787379,-78.78594,-78.785862,-78.785563,-78.785123,-78.784904,-78.784571,-78.784431,-78.783947,-78.783489,-78.782596,-78.782192,-78.781523,-78.780959,-78.780144,-78.780079,-78.779746,-78.779496,-78.779403,-78.779376,-78.779366,-78.779376,-78.779285,-78.779261,-78.779232,-78.779465,-78.779405,-78.779449,-78.779456,-78.77946,-78.779288,-78.779075,-78.778932,-78.777964,-78.777383,-78.776935,-78.776558,-78.776533,-78.775924,-78.775432,-78.775247,-78.775155,-78.77469,-78.77411,-78.77407,-78.774122,-78.774227,-78.774133,-78.774107,-78.774136,-78.774141,-78.774145,-78.774073,-78.773503,-78.772581,-78.772506,-78.772112,-78.771874,-78.771806,-78.771693,-78.771478,-78.77165,-78.771943,-78.771915,-78.771672,-78.771559,-78.77149,-78.771333,-78.770938,-78.770754,-78.77039,-78.770463,-78.770577,-78.770586,-78.770628,-78.770734,-78.770812,-78.771098,-78.771416,-78.771671,-78.771769,-78.771559,-78.771344,-78.7706,-78.770437,-78.770202,-78.769785,-78.769378,-78.769158,-78.769101,-78.768973,-78.768831,-78.768433,-78.76817,-78.768397,-78.768637,-78.768574,-78.768348,-78.768331,-78.767783,-78.767428,-78.767415,-78.767407,-78.767333,-78.766994,-78.766318,-78.76603,-78.765153,-78.765116,-78.765079,-78.765042,-78.764901,-78.764277,-78.763426,-78.762998,-78.762777,-78.762268,-78.761957,-78.761941,-78.761931,-78.761941,-78.76202,-78.761948,-78.76188,-78.76106,-78.760635,-78.760223,-78.760197,-78.760074,-78.75984,-78.759463,-78.759449,-78.758995,-78.758512,-78.757497,-78.757128,-78.756822,-78.756453,-78.756625,-78.756694,-78.756494,-78.755685,-78.754943,-78.75443,-78.753929,-78.753185,-78.75299,-78.752611,-78.752348,-78.752308,-78.752311,-78.752345,-78.752527,-78.752788,-78.75279,-78.752114,-78.751785,-78.7511,-78.750986,-78.750933,-78.751288,-78.751409,-78.751653,-78.751953,-78.75229,-78.751859,-78.7508,-78.750412,-78.749983,-78.749396,-78.749339,-78.74932,-78.749008,-78.748977,-78.747938,-78.747922,-78.747585,-78.746471,-78.745174,-78.742136,-78.740543,-78.738658,-78.73764,-78.73721,-78.736386,-78.734981,-78.734724,-78.73414,-78.732515,-78.730531,-78.730498,-78.72986,-78.728818,-78.728334,-78.728067,-78.72791,-78.726905,-78.726315,-78.726443,-78.726519,-78.726812,-78.726272,-78.725409,-78.724745,-78.723351,-78.722638,-78.722426,-78.721251,-78.721107,-78.721097,-78.720595,-78.719667,-78.718086,-78.717683,-78.717388,-78.716873,-78.715574,-78.711239,-78.710909,-78.710556,-78.710618,-78.71062,-78.710624,-78.7107,-78.710264,-78.710006,-78.709216,-78.708509,-78.70709,-78.706735,-78.706566,-78.704336,-78.702277,-78.70124,-78.700812,-78.69922,-78.697744,-78.695236,-78.694169,-78.692865,-78.689787,-78.689616,-78.689397,-78.689283,-78.688249,-78.687271,-78.686691,-78.686658,-78.686347,-78.685879,-78.685369,-78.685286,-78.684015,-78.682488,-78.681816,-78.681032,-78.680303,-78.68014,-78.679947,-78.679356,-78.678847,-78.67864,-78.678145,-78.678094,-78.678039,-78.67703,-78.676567,-78.676213,-78.675913,-78.675568,-78.675448,-78.675041,-78.67465,-78.674483,-78.674145,-78.673848,-78.672366,-78.671849,-78.671786,-78.671603,-78.671524,-78.671029,-78.670486,-78.669806,-78.669874,-78.669889,-78.669841,-78.669763,-78.669735,-78.669727,-78.669711,-78.669484,-78.669158,-78.668725,-78.667387,-78.667341,-78.666985,-78.666142,-78.665385,-78.665093,-78.664224,-78.664198,-78.663546,-78.662188,-78.661796,-78.661398,-78.660767,-78.660079,-78.659263,-78.659238,-78.659077,-78.658975,-78.657681,-78.656532,-78.656117,-78.655738,-78.655552,-78.655347,-78.655273,-78.655149,-78.656285,-78.657236,-78.657981,-78.658082,-78.658823,-78.659195,-78.659777,-78.66042,-78.660941,-78.661244,-78.661417,-78.66178,-78.662158,-78.662169,-78.662192,-78.662225,-78.6625,-78.66357,-78.664279,-78.664857,-78.665346,-78.665866,-78.666038,-78.666192,-78.666398,-78.665312,-78.665076,-78.664867,-78.66374,-78.663082,-78.662881,-78.662713,-78.662177,-78.661373,-78.661186,-78.660956,-78.660849,-78.660805,-78.660646,-78.660739,-78.660758,-78.660915,-78.661554,-78.661902,-78.662049,-78.662215,-78.662447,-78.662684,-78.663373,-78.66349,-78.663898,-78.663699,-78.663636,-78.663438,-78.663145,-78.660583,-78.660394,-78.655638,-78.6541,-78.649898,-78.64935,-78.64755,-78.637236,-78.636279,-78.62477,-78.620785,-78.617335,-78.606539,-78.596734,-78.593696,-78.586098,-78.585394,-78.584986,-78.584932,-78.583632,-78.582533,-78.581568,-78.581223,-78.580825,-78.580709,-78.579986,-78.578686,-78.578244,-78.577427,-78.576176,-78.575172,-78.57511,-78.574797,-78.573129,-78.570534,-78.570438,-78.56832,-78.56805,-78.565855,-78.565471,-78.562801,-78.560515,-78.560351,-78.560217,-78.559997,-78.558639,-78.556708,-78.556454,-78.556322,-78.556103,-78.556015,-78.555711,-78.55544,-78.554501,-78.551723,-78.550959,-78.550669,-78.549476,-78.546192,-78.545032,-78.544122,-78.543685,-78.542325,-78.542088,-78.541978,-78.538791,-78.538553,-78.537527,-78.534755,-78.524995,-78.52488,-78.524629,-78.523936,-78.52341,-78.523282,-78.523159,-78.523012,-78.522902,-78.522709,-78.522545,-78.522374,-78.521818,-78.521648,-78.520962,-78.520561,-78.520365,-78.520098,-78.519824,-78.519692,-78.519567,-78.519084,-78.518577,-78.518231,-78.518031,-78.517778,-78.517624,-78.514855,-78.509716,-78.504016,-78.500368,-78.499909,-78.491678,-78.488745,-78.48394,-78.481371,-78.474119,-78.472261,-78.471796,-78.467919,-78.467572,-78.465449,-78.465455,-78.465485,-78.465539,-78.465612,-78.465694,-78.465967,-78.466319,-78.467739,-78.468125,-78.468305,-78.468551,-78.468747,-78.468878,-78.468993,-78.469196,-78.470077,-78.470106,-78.470244,-78.470469,-78.470581,-78.470619,-78.47068,-78.470706,-78.470786,-78.470788,-78.470796,-78.470801,-78.470805,-78.470828,-78.470863,-78.470927,-78.47101,-78.47114,-78.47128,-78.471447,-78.47163,-78.471754,-78.471886,-78.472046,-78.472293,-78.472532,-78.472595,-78.472835,-78.473071,-78.473418,-78.473752,-78.473845,-78.474137,-78.474282,-78.474408,-78.474543,-78.474684,-78.474829,-78.475177,-78.475353,-78.475951,-78.47604,-78.476276,-78.476355,-78.476483,-78.476605,-78.476718,-78.476801,-78.476876,-78.476943,-78.477382,-78.477597,-78.477814,-78.477934,-78.478049,-78.478163,-78.478391,-78.478629,-78.479248,-78.47941,-78.479621,-78.479733,-78.479861,-78.479965,-78.480055,-78.48022,-78.480367,-78.480542,-78.480704,-78.480947,-78.481047,-78.481142,-78.481237,-78.48149,-78.481855,-78.482034,-78.482222,-78.482338,-78.482498,-78.482548,-78.482588,-78.482617,-78.48264,-78.482656,-78.482653,-78.48259,-78.48257,-78.48258,-78.482622,-78.482659,-78.482746,-78.482802,-78.482827,-78.482896,-78.483,-78.483384,-78.483683,-78.483839,-78.483908,-78.483973,-78.484121,-78.484266,-78.484564,-78.484692,-78.484792,-78.484931,-78.48501,-78.485222,-78.485299,-78.485368,-78.485452,-78.485707,-78.485788,-78.485883,-78.485929,-78.485989,-78.486084,-78.486293,-78.486392,-78.486556,-78.48666,-78.486804,-78.486934,-78.487019,-78.48705,-78.487063,-78.487059,-78.487031,-78.48703,-78.487051,-78.487099,-78.487156,-78.487255,-78.487406,-78.487571,-78.487716,-78.487913,-78.488026,-78.488152,-78.488248,-78.488382,-78.488471,-78.488681,-78.489912,-78.490087,-78.49037,-78.490664,-78.490856,-78.491028,-78.491285,-78.491513,-78.491871,-78.492001,-78.492118,-78.492213,-78.492334,-78.492476,-78.492595,-78.492778,-78.493026,-78.49318,-78.493354,-78.493438,-78.493528,-78.493566,-78.493578,-78.493591,-78.493583,-78.493539,-78.493463,-78.4934,-78.493329,-78.493263,-78.49317,-78.492915,-78.492819,-78.49276,-78.492738,-78.492729,-78.492719,-78.492741,-78.492759,-78.492804,-78.492858,-78.492919,-78.493001,-78.49309,-78.493254,-78.493504,-78.493789,-78.49412,-78.494158,-78.494515,-78.494584,-78.494644,-78.494697,-78.494783,-78.49488,-78.495046,-78.495137,-78.495269,-78.495354,-78.495574,-78.49571,-78.495853,-78.496125,-78.496347,-78.496526,-78.496781,-78.497193,-78.49827,-78.498441,-78.49916,-78.499371,-78.499977,-78.50029,-78.500486,-78.50067,-78.500896,-78.501233,-78.501479,-78.501957,-78.502135,-78.502413,-78.502817,-78.50295,-78.50326,-78.503498,-78.503682,-78.503862,-78.503969,-78.504047,-78.504257,-78.504413,-78.504505,-78.50463,-78.504804,-78.504995,-78.50541,-78.505599,-78.505753,-78.505815,-78.50592,-78.505953,-78.506044,-78.506214,-78.506683,-78.507169,-78.507292,-78.50764,-78.508095,-78.508468,-78.508852,-78.50978,-78.510101,-78.510243,-78.5111,-78.511522,-78.511704,-78.51194,-78.512126,-78.513139,-78.513424,-78.514828,-78.515125,-78.515254,-78.515431,-78.515561,-78.515711,-78.515875,-78.516147,-78.516281,-78.516437,-78.516611,-78.516808,-78.517457,-78.518134,-78.518486,-78.518745,-78.519043,-78.519282,-78.519338,-78.520381,-78.520517,-78.520668,-78.52157,-78.522098,-78.522217,-78.522526,-78.522859,-78.523369,-78.523606,-78.52413,-78.52446,-78.524458,-78.524458,-78.524584,-78.524703,-78.524733,-78.524746,-78.524726,-78.524698,-78.524542,-78.524523,-78.524524,-78.52455,-78.524591,-78.524627,-78.5247,-78.52479,-78.525402,-78.525513,-78.525548,-78.525566,-78.525567,-78.525437,-78.525264,-78.52521,-78.524913,-78.524817,-78.524791,-78.524784,-78.524793,-78.524879,-78.524888,-78.525062,-78.525149,-78.52531,-78.525367,-78.52544,-78.525745,-78.526421,-78.52685,-78.526993,-78.527084,-78.527211,-78.527373,-78.527605,-78.527913,-78.528077,-78.528151,-78.528171,-78.528084,-78.527818,-78.527499,-78.5273,-78.527193,-78.527153,-78.527129,-78.527107,-78.527096,-78.527036,-78.527005,-78.526968,-78.526928,-78.526852,-78.526836,-78.526825,-78.52673,-78.526719,-78.526723,-78.526733,-78.526754,-78.526746,-78.526732,-78.526703,-78.526475,-78.526377,-78.52628,-78.526071,-78.525912,-78.525382,-78.525065,-78.524931,-78.524853,-78.524718,-78.524284,-78.524061,-78.523805,-78.523683,-78.52354,-78.523251,-78.522677,-78.522519,-78.521742,-78.521107,-78.520757,-78.520328,-78.519931,-78.51956,-78.519279,-78.519091,-78.519009,-78.518935,-78.518836,-78.518732,-78.518703,-78.518642,-78.518539,-78.518414,-78.51827,-78.51798,-78.517854,-78.517365,-78.517257,-78.51716,-78.517078,-78.517017,-78.516797,-78.516762,-78.516705,-78.516651,-78.516578,-78.5165,-78.516437,-78.516348,-78.516283,-78.516186,-78.516135,-78.515891,-78.515831,-78.515743,-78.515645,-78.515582,-78.514861,-78.514895,-78.514975,-78.51506,-78.515164,-78.515268,-78.515409,-78.516493,-78.516609,-78.516855,-78.516942,-78.517018,-78.517083,-78.517151,-78.517196,-78.517216,-78.517217,-78.517201,-78.517173,-78.517123,-78.51711,-78.517087,-78.51706,-78.517044,-78.51703,-78.517129,-78.517194,-78.517273,-78.517372,-78.517422,-78.517727,-78.517975,-78.518298,-78.518665,-78.519024,-78.519691,-78.519814,-78.520257,-78.520808,-78.520981,-78.521314,-78.521639,-78.521691,-78.521871,-78.521978,-78.522052,-78.522085,-78.522409,-78.522449,-78.522552,-78.522676,-78.522814,-78.523008,-78.523229,-78.523389,-78.523823,-78.524535,-78.52514,-78.525484,-78.525585,-78.525664,-78.52566,-78.525656,-78.52565,-78.525669,-78.525681,-78.525655,-78.525665,-78.525681,-78.525671,-78.525712,-78.525784,-78.525747,-78.525732,-78.525719,-78.525726,-78.525765,-78.525798,-78.525808,-78.525762,-78.525746,-78.525744,-78.525743,-78.525742,-78.526127,-78.526605,-78.52684,-78.526942,-78.527265,-78.527573,-78.528191,-78.528303,-78.528558,-78.528907,-78.529192,-78.529559,-78.530211,-78.530631,-78.530919,-78.531027,-78.531628,-78.531895,-78.532016,-78.532093,-78.532259,-78.532298,-78.53227,-78.532208,-78.532136,-78.532061,-78.532018,-78.532012,-78.532021,-78.532161,-78.532465,-78.532687,-78.532829,-78.53305,-78.533258,-78.533214,-78.532826,-78.532694,-78.532576,-78.532662,-78.532763,-78.532746,-78.532967,-78.534198,-78.534354,-78.534951,-78.535113,-78.535249,-78.535661,-78.53595,-78.53638,-78.53647,-78.536991,-78.537279,-78.537969,-78.538147,-78.538349,-78.538798,-78.538941,-78.539206,-78.539421,-78.539945,-78.540849,-78.541121,-78.541586,-78.542409,-78.542721,-78.542812,-78.543402,-78.543544,-78.543579,-78.543366,-78.542566,-78.542155,-78.542104,-78.54198,-78.541573,-78.541646,-78.541608,-78.542272,-78.542852,-78.543229,-78.543365,-78.543805,-78.544232,-78.544808,-78.545388,-78.546081,-78.546816,-78.547577,-78.548255,-78.549689,-78.549748,-78.549688,-78.549987,-78.550088,-78.550008,-78.550075,-78.550352,-78.550983,-78.551209,-78.551397,-78.551472,-78.551636,-78.551708,-78.551348,-78.550835,-78.549684,-78.54912,-78.54826,-78.548141,-78.547914,-78.547104,-78.545962,-78.545347,-78.545208,-78.545266,-78.545461,-78.546391,-78.546492,-78.546398,-78.546363,-78.546484,-78.546645,-78.546827,-78.547399,-78.5476,-78.547909,-78.548143,-78.548536,-78.548948,-78.549292,-78.54949,-78.549758,-78.550208,-78.550488,-78.551461,-78.552861,-78.55401,-78.55482,-78.555441,-78.555848,-78.556024,-78.556055,-78.556686,-78.557285,-78.557612,-78.557679,-78.557532,-78.555873,-78.555709,-78.555496,-78.555571,-78.555873,-78.556707,-78.557103,-78.557407,-78.557872,-78.558527,-78.558688,-78.558643,-78.558799,-78.559494,-78.560044,-78.560712,-78.561196,-78.561637,-78.563202,-78.56387,-78.564096,-78.564493,-78.564876,-78.564935,-78.564751,-78.563912,-78.563181,-78.562207,-78.561595,-78.561279,-78.561263,-78.561517,-78.561991,-78.562659,-78.563582,-78.565103,-78.565861,-78.566244,-78.5664,-78.567322,-78.568445,-78.568716,-78.570377,-78.571214,-78.571794,-78.572772,-78.573361,-78.573794,-78.57402,-78.574792,-78.575651,-78.576845,-78.577589,-78.578228,-78.579549,-78.579657,-78.579991,-78.580321,-78.580422,-78.58039,-78.580231,-78.580139,-78.580065,-78.580013,-78.58008,-78.580746,-78.581684,-78.58237,-78.582887,-78.58316,-78.583323,-78.583258,-78.583409,-78.583769,-78.584323,-78.585787,-78.586638,-78.587064,-78.587351,-78.587832,-78.588377,-78.589283,-78.589469,-78.589791,-78.590385,-78.592091,-78.592433,-78.593077,-78.593326,-78.593215,-78.593192,-78.592862,-78.592856,-78.592714,-78.592561,-78.592411,-78.592297,-78.592002,-78.591945,-78.591992,-78.592133,-78.592455,-78.592804,-78.592933,-78.593284,-78.593552,-78.593854,-78.594065,-78.594208,-78.594142,-78.594231,-78.594471,-78.594878,-78.595179,-78.595955,-78.596629,-78.597283,-78.598579,-78.598633,-78.598985,-78.599195,-78.599453,-78.599619,-78.599951,-78.600362,-78.601486,-78.601811,-78.602031,-78.602442,-78.603329,-78.60406,-78.605135,-78.606027,-78.606662,-78.608067,-78.608523,-78.608899,-78.609114,-78.609435,-78.609647,-78.610113,-78.610178,-78.610261,-78.611117,-78.611406,-78.611773,-78.612074,-78.612717,-78.613109,-78.61408,-78.615574,-78.615681,-78.616286,-78.616691,-78.616962,-78.617115,-78.617391,-78.617442,-78.617356,-78.61684,-78.616754,-78.617082,-78.617322,-78.617681,-78.618476,-78.618818,-78.619301,-78.620206,-78.620796,-78.620843,-78.621215,-78.621681,-78.622204,-78.622427,-78.622598,-78.622705,-78.623112,-78.623785,-78.623919,-78.624257,-78.624839,-78.624987,-78.625107,-78.625767,-78.6259,-78.62593,-78.625728,-78.625608,-78.625683,-78.625828,-78.62585,-78.625902,-78.626171,-78.626685,-78.627039,-78.628224,-78.628669,-78.629002,-78.630317,-78.631998,-78.632028,-78.631869,-78.631528,-78.630854,-78.630616,-78.630375,-78.630301,-78.630223,-78.630323,-78.630546,-78.630773,-78.631138,-78.63227,-78.632607,-78.633241,-78.633764,-78.634629,-78.635474,-78.636253,-78.637004,-78.637096,-78.636469,-78.636277,-78.636254,-78.636471,-78.636422,-78.636489,-78.636749,-78.637317,-78.638214,-78.638499,-78.638727,-78.638794,-78.638671,-78.63818,-78.637633,-78.637477,-78.637569,-78.637356,-78.637266,-78.637118,-78.637115,-78.637329,-78.637869,-78.639012,-78.639592,-78.640012,-78.640133,-78.640022,-78.639578,-78.63943,-78.639489,-78.640302,-78.64038,-78.640858,-78.64116,-78.641419,-78.641651,-78.641857,-78.641842,-78.641896,-78.642126,-78.642967,-78.643105,-78.643562,-78.644103,-78.644224,-78.643892,-78.643925,-78.644032,-78.644354,-78.645207,-78.645936,-78.646442,-78.64664,-78.647069,-78.647371,-78.647781,-78.647801,-78.647875,-78.647898,-78.64794,-78.648237,-78.648482,-78.648237,-78.648042,-78.647693,-78.64767,-78.647667,-78.647677,-78.647705,-78.64775,-78.647831,-78.647926,-78.648034,-78.648638,-78.648767,-78.648926,-78.649025,-78.649094,-78.649658,-78.650016,-78.650236,-78.650338,-78.650468,-78.650571,-78.650936,-78.651005,-78.651082,-78.651134,-78.651195,-78.65123,-78.651253,-78.651264,-78.651253,-78.651226,-78.651123,-78.650809,-78.650712,-78.650636,-78.650571,-78.650507,-78.650369,-78.65035,-78.650349,-78.650366,-78.650402,-78.65052,-78.650739,-78.650988,-78.651151,-78.651295,-78.651649,-78.651715,-78.651772,-78.651827,-78.651859,-78.651885,-78.651892,-78.651881,-78.651852,-78.651793,-78.651574,-78.651553,-78.651285,-78.651257,-78.651242,-78.651241,-78.651254,-78.651274,-78.651358,-78.651422,-78.651452,-78.651469,-78.651469,-78.651427,-78.651312,-78.65126,-78.65119,-78.651123,-78.65093,-78.650764,-78.650329,-78.649573,-78.649352,-78.649268,-78.649439,-78.64964,-78.649772,-78.649859,-78.650056,-78.650228,-78.650315,-78.650412,-78.650473,-78.650922,-78.651738,-78.651848,-78.651933,-78.652054,-78.652132,-78.652157,-78.652386,-78.652571,-78.652737,-78.652859,-78.653144,-78.653337,-78.653613,-78.653907,-78.654001,-78.65404,-78.654108,-78.654145,-78.654194,-78.654229,-78.654283,-78.654391,-78.65446,-78.654502,-78.654547,-78.654633,-78.654979,-78.6552,-78.655497,-78.655726,-78.656071,-78.656443,-78.656594,-78.656823,-78.656906,-78.656986,-78.657019,-78.657048,-78.657187,-78.657284,-78.657429,-78.65752,-78.657601,-78.657734,-78.657918,-78.658025,-78.658134,-78.658237,-78.658559,-78.65919,-78.659522,-78.65991,-78.660443,-78.662137,-78.662712,-78.663075,-78.663295,-78.663416,-78.663731,-78.663786,-78.66385,-78.66406,-78.664221,-78.664272,-78.664362,-78.664456,-78.664551,-78.665026,-78.665234,-78.665531,-78.665755,-78.665851,-78.666003,-78.66609,-78.66618,-78.666235,-78.666343,-78.666423,-78.666632,-78.666814,-78.666965,-78.667107,-78.667265,-78.667385,-78.667497,-78.667586,-78.667694,-78.668092,-78.66832,-78.668789,-78.669664,-78.670029,-78.671079,-78.671602,-78.671868,-78.671907,-78.671974,-78.672001,-78.672277,-78.672417,-78.672562,-78.672666,-78.672736,-78.672786,-78.672824,-78.673157,-78.67406,-78.674469,-78.674561,-78.674619,-78.674682,-78.674747,-78.674784,-78.674839,-78.674953,-78.675239,-78.675638,-78.675761,-78.676035,-78.67637,-78.676984,-78.677197,-78.679002,-78.679322,-78.679765,-78.680093,-78.680567,-78.680882,-78.680962,-78.681114,-78.681257,-78.68148,-78.681781,-78.681911,-78.682057,-78.682147,-78.682249,-78.682339,-78.682438,-78.682546,-78.682635,-78.682897,-78.684018,-78.684553,-78.685761,-78.687244,-78.687733,-78.688377,-78.688641,-78.688735,-78.688969,-78.689218,-78.689601,-78.690285,-78.690761,-78.691077,-78.691153,-78.691209,-78.691399,-78.691706,-78.692145,-78.69267,-78.692661,-78.692648,-78.6926,-78.692534,-78.692398,-78.692347,-78.692323,-78.692274,-78.692183,-78.692134,-78.692135,-78.692151,-78.692192,-78.69225,-78.692453,-78.692701,-78.69283,-78.692936,-78.693075,-78.693216,-78.693585,-78.693927,-78.693982,-78.694009,-78.694025,-78.694039,-78.694099,-78.694238,-78.694307,-78.694363,-78.694412,-78.69453,-78.694571,-78.694592,-78.69453,-78.694565,-78.694564,-78.694571,-78.694565,-78.694537,-78.694426,-78.694419,-78.694439,-78.694474,-78.694558,-78.694669,-78.694697,-78.694787,-78.694822,-78.694891,-78.694947,-78.694995,-78.695121,-78.695162,-78.695197,-78.695266,-78.695336,-78.695454,-78.695549,-78.695569,-78.695574,-78.695576,-78.695601,-78.695656,-78.695705,-78.69576,-78.695795,-78.695829,-78.69585,-78.695857,-78.69585,-78.695802,-78.695732,-78.695572,-78.69544,-78.695329,-78.695211,-78.695201,-78.695183,-78.695211,-78.69526,-78.695257,-78.69528,-78.695312,-78.69535,-78.695413,-78.69551,-78.695698,-78.695809,-78.695933,-78.695948,-78.69598,-78.696014,-78.696036,-78.69617,-78.696386,-78.696691,-78.696789,-78.696949,-78.697101,-78.697206,-78.697393,-78.697727,-78.697894,-78.698095,-78.698283,-78.698415,-78.698797,-78.699256,-78.699393,-78.699416,-78.699624,-78.699777,-78.699944,-78.700097,-78.700271,-78.700375,-78.700556,-78.700653,-78.700799,-78.701105,-78.701133,-78.701438,-78.701786,-78.701946,-78.702036,-78.702175,-78.702279,-78.702557,-78.702676,-78.702884,-78.703099,-78.703322,-78.703544,-78.70376,-78.704636,-78.704858,-78.705046,-78.712314,-78.712375,-78.712755,-78.713082,-78.714496,-78.714634,-78.716081,-78.718244,-78.72265,-78.727457,-78.73013,-78.732649,-78.737435,-78.738683,-78.740875,-78.742547,-78.743727,-78.743758,-78.743797,-78.743823,-78.743826,-78.743809,-78.743778,-78.743756,-78.743752,-78.743765,-78.743903,-78.744094,-78.744142,-78.744213,-78.744564,-78.744681,-78.744794,-78.744899,-78.745248,-78.74575,-78.746687,-78.746791,-78.747099,-78.747549,-78.747775,-78.748162,-78.748588,-78.749168,-78.749242,-78.749376,-78.750532,-78.750822,-78.750928,-78.751047,-78.751131,-78.751276,-78.751422,-78.751539,-78.752057,-78.752564,-78.752886,-78.753676,-78.753857,-78.753968,-78.754118,-78.75429,-78.754393,-78.754514,-78.754972,-78.755179,-78.755234,-78.755351,-78.755451,-78.755554,-78.755668,-78.755781,-78.756408,-78.756646,-78.756819,-78.757505,-78.757617,-78.757745,-78.757894,-78.758034,-78.75845,-78.758575,-78.758773,-78.759029,-78.759248,-78.75947,-78.759724,-78.760039,-78.762171,-78.763283,-78.763391,-78.763716,-78.764106,-78.764279,-78.764414,-78.764513,-78.764829,-78.764975,-78.765109,-78.765194,-78.765396,-78.765791,-78.766006,-78.766272,-78.766396,-78.766464,-78.76659,-78.767054,-78.767154,-78.767575,-78.767833,-78.768154,-78.768351,-78.768482,-78.768561,-78.768849,-78.768969,-78.769081,-78.769343,-78.769556,-78.769646,-78.769792,-78.770453,-78.770718,-78.770819,-78.77092,-78.771071,-78.771132,-78.771641,-78.771693,-78.771751,-78.771877,-78.771998,-78.772161,-78.772344,-78.772501,-78.772626,-78.772753,-78.772897,-78.77339,-78.773562,-78.773706,-78.773921,-78.774185,-78.774564,-78.775077,-78.775282,-78.775452,-78.775618,-78.775844,-78.776483,-78.777126,-78.777668,-78.778556,-78.779416,-78.779602,-78.779887,-78.780129,-78.780182,-78.780226,-78.78026,-78.780301,-78.780592,-78.780647,-78.780728,-78.780793,-78.780868,-78.780888,-78.780971,-78.781077,-78.781113,-78.781133,-78.781135,-78.781108,-78.781095,-78.781119,-78.781152,-78.781047,-78.780968,-78.780703,-78.780703,-78.780733,-78.781176,-78.781409,-78.782102,-78.782744,-78.783201,-78.783522,-78.783749,-78.783788,-78.783833,-78.783826,-78.783819,-78.783672,-78.78295,-78.782829,-78.78256,-78.781948,-78.781657,-78.780863,-78.780692,-78.780155,-78.779766,-78.779579,-78.779362,-78.77934,-78.779207,-78.779041,-78.779211,-78.77984,-78.779979,-78.780972,-78.780981,-78.781049,-78.780379,-78.779988,-78.780027,-78.780258,-78.780403,-78.780487,-78.780553,-78.780407,-78.780654,-78.781594,-78.782742,-78.783798,-78.784367,-78.784794,-78.785377,-78.785602,-78.785687,-78.78579,-78.785788,-78.785774,-78.785853,-78.786231,-78.786797,-78.787245,-78.787292,-78.787544,-78.787424,-78.787376,-78.78727,-78.786896,-78.786262,-78.785676,-78.785455,-78.785311,-78.785307,-78.785294,-78.785356,-78.785667,-78.786184,-78.786288,-78.786792,-78.787038,-78.787124,-78.787187,-78.787092,-78.787043,-78.787014,-78.78723,-78.787386,-78.78734,-78.787288,-78.787722,-78.787863,-78.788073,-78.788036],"lat":[38.126787,38.127171,38.127524,38.129031,38.129069,38.129214,38.129215,38.129184,38.129137,38.129117,38.12922,38.129318,38.12973,38.129917,38.130531,38.130996,38.131495,38.131527,38.131694,38.132092,38.132618,38.132732,38.133151,38.133498,38.133981,38.1342,38.134344,38.134873,38.135569,38.136925,38.136946,38.137125,38.139067,38.139889,38.14001,38.140406,38.140519,38.140486,38.140454,38.140458,38.140691,38.141008,38.141768,38.142325,38.14355,38.145517,38.146207,38.146426,38.146865,38.147594,38.147792,38.149341,38.149611,38.14984,38.150038,38.151598,38.152795,38.152886,38.153362,38.15365,38.154049,38.154723,38.155163,38.155415,38.155843,38.156527,38.157504,38.158079,38.158431,38.158784,38.159676,38.160602,38.161022,38.162855,38.163075,38.163093,38.163199,38.1634,38.163547,38.164054,38.164718,38.165228,38.166101,38.166304,38.16648,38.167214,38.167378,38.167614,38.168017,38.16863,38.168962,38.169164,38.169614,38.170115,38.170684,38.17106,38.171313,38.171582,38.172683,38.173465,38.173485,38.174138,38.174529,38.174542,38.174614,38.175237,38.175664,38.175869,38.175957,38.176922,38.177117,38.177312,38.177505,38.177887,38.178067,38.178091,38.178906,38.179325,38.179911,38.180268,38.180634,38.180851,38.180973,38.181881,38.182229,38.182554,38.183407,38.183654,38.183778,38.183794,38.183979,38.184431,38.184922,38.184939,38.18554,38.185919,38.186714,38.186978,38.187197,38.188348,38.189136,38.189443,38.190433,38.191772,38.192709,38.193076,38.193433,38.193622,38.193831,38.194238,38.194888,38.194987,38.195046,38.195896,38.196203,38.196644,38.197072,38.197688,38.197906,38.198359,38.19876,38.198948,38.199386,38.199535,38.199786,38.200095,38.201284,38.202583,38.204227,38.204953,38.205755,38.206648,38.206729,38.206764,38.207234,38.20727,38.209054,38.209078,38.209656,38.211565,38.214431,38.21772,38.218945,38.219483,38.219294,38.219571,38.220098,38.221735,38.222034,38.222714,38.223885,38.225803,38.225835,38.227004,38.227883,38.228292,38.228394,38.228454,38.228839,38.229619,38.229972,38.230186,38.230981,38.231955,38.232419,38.232775,38.232918,38.232992,38.233013,38.233944,38.234314,38.234339,38.234463,38.234692,38.2353,38.235455,38.235513,38.235614,38.235867,38.238639,38.239162,38.239722,38.240395,38.240424,38.240466,38.241289,38.242016,38.242445,38.242868,38.243245,38.24437,38.24465,38.246438,38.246991,38.246198,38.246024,38.245953,38.245841,38.245738,38.246457,38.24683,38.247286,38.248838,38.249283,38.249855,38.249883,38.250144,38.251073,38.251282,38.251294,38.251406,38.251893,38.252424,38.252822,38.253637,38.254616,38.254882,38.254905,38.254729,38.254706,38.254696,38.254588,38.254409,38.254327,38.254132,38.254094,38.254073,38.253388,38.253255,38.253154,38.252875,38.252,38.251696,38.251166,38.250701,38.250428,38.25013,38.249844,38.248525,38.248118,38.248069,38.247925,38.247892,38.247684,38.247455,38.247327,38.247735,38.24782,38.248013,38.248319,38.248434,38.248464,38.24851,38.249194,38.249731,38.250675,38.251245,38.251258,38.251361,38.251602,38.251862,38.251962,38.252413,38.252425,38.252767,38.253476,38.253962,38.254456,38.254895,38.255375,38.256959,38.257563,38.257856,38.258043,38.258545,38.259058,38.259369,38.25969,38.259971,38.26026,38.260427,38.260632,38.260505,38.260566,38.260859,38.260899,38.261439,38.262064,38.262522,38.262821,38.263062,38.263247,38.263353,38.263495,38.263643,38.263875,38.26412,38.264459,38.264783,38.264998,38.265096,38.265249,38.265488,38.265743,38.26589,38.265942,38.266053,38.266432,38.266514,38.266615,38.267203,38.267723,38.267916,38.268079,38.268356,38.268822,38.269011,38.269481,38.269696,38.269816,38.270257,38.270835,38.270949,38.271034,38.27138,38.271685,38.271812,38.272547,38.273061,38.273585,38.274968,38.27535,38.276676,38.277213,38.277384,38.277604,38.277933,38.277047,38.276965,38.275325,38.274795,38.273347,38.273159,38.272536,38.268964,38.268633,38.264648,38.263271,38.262079,38.258172,38.254623,38.253523,38.251216,38.251002,38.250879,38.250861,38.250469,38.250133,38.24984,38.249735,38.249614,38.249579,38.24936,38.248965,38.248831,38.248583,38.248203,38.247898,38.247879,38.247784,38.247253,38.246408,38.246377,38.245688,38.2456,38.244881,38.24476,38.243892,38.243148,38.243094,38.243051,38.242979,38.242537,38.241909,38.241826,38.241783,38.241702,38.241674,38.241577,38.241491,38.24119,38.240334,38.240099,38.24001,38.239642,38.238631,38.238274,38.237994,38.237859,38.23744,38.237367,38.237333,38.236304,38.236227,38.235892,38.234986,38.231933,38.231897,38.231825,38.231625,38.231503,38.231467,38.231422,38.231356,38.231294,38.231197,38.231133,38.231082,38.230962,38.23093,38.230768,38.230641,38.23059,38.230539,38.230504,38.230479,38.23044,38.230222,38.230025,38.229923,38.229874,38.229787,38.229734,38.228917,38.2274,38.225719,38.224639,38.224504,38.222021,38.22113,38.219669,38.218891,38.216661,38.216117,38.215972,38.214796,38.214691,38.214047,38.213911,38.213759,38.213585,38.213433,38.213302,38.212965,38.212548,38.210888,38.210433,38.210221,38.209932,38.209677,38.209476,38.209269,38.208835,38.20681,38.206743,38.206429,38.205911,38.205614,38.205489,38.205201,38.205045,38.204469,38.204441,38.204345,38.204282,38.204233,38.204095,38.203987,38.20385,38.203716,38.203554,38.203393,38.203215,38.203032,38.202931,38.202838,38.202744,38.202622,38.202519,38.20249,38.202366,38.202229,38.202011,38.201781,38.201707,38.201498,38.20141,38.201351,38.201305,38.201274,38.201256,38.201245,38.201245,38.201234,38.201232,38.201211,38.201197,38.201163,38.201117,38.201059,38.201004,38.200943,38.200876,38.200315,38.200029,38.19977,38.199653,38.199566,38.199502,38.199391,38.199293,38.19908,38.199012,38.198914,38.198846,38.198751,38.198656,38.198555,38.198329,38.198096,38.197771,38.1974,38.196815,38.196623,38.196492,38.196393,38.19618,38.195891,38.195736,38.195532,38.195386,38.195157,38.195073,38.194986,38.194897,38.194779,38.194648,38.194515,38.1941,38.19384,38.193748,38.193506,38.193376,38.193088,38.192949,38.192895,38.192771,38.192617,38.192134,38.191766,38.191556,38.191459,38.191358,38.191103,38.190784,38.190035,38.189739,38.189479,38.189154,38.188949,38.188431,38.188229,38.188026,38.187774,38.186963,38.18671,38.186369,38.186247,38.186131,38.185993,38.185771,38.18565,38.185412,38.185231,38.185012,38.184793,38.184619,38.184511,38.184399,38.184278,38.184006,38.183864,38.18378,38.183688,38.183623,38.183527,38.183404,38.183262,38.183121,38.182927,38.182836,38.182756,38.182715,38.182676,38.182659,38.182634,38.182586,38.182576,38.182562,38.182567,38.182583,38.18261,38.182659,38.182709,38.182794,38.182806,38.1828,38.18278,38.182733,38.182662,38.182571,38.18239,38.182085,38.181875,38.181609,38.181453,38.181247,38.18112,38.181051,38.180853,38.180668,38.180352,38.179985,38.179715,38.179437,38.179258,38.179048,38.178568,38.17835,38.178167,38.178047,38.177995,38.177835,38.176958,38.176744,38.17649,38.176307,38.176162,38.176007,38.175872,38.175665,38.17535,38.174977,38.174518,38.174635,38.175864,38.176087,38.17625,38.176359,38.176496,38.176621,38.176789,38.176863,38.176952,38.177002,38.177104,38.177155,38.177198,38.177259,38.177294,38.177311,38.177321,38.177314,38.177291,38.17729,38.177281,38.177264,38.177184,38.177132,38.177086,38.177037,38.176967,38.176856,38.176776,38.176607,38.176539,38.176411,38.176218,38.176141,38.175948,38.175775,38.175624,38.175452,38.175343,38.17526,38.175022,38.17482,38.174677,38.174437,38.174029,38.17356,38.172552,38.172099,38.171707,38.171581,38.171442,38.171413,38.171347,38.171259,38.171058,38.170838,38.170777,38.170594,38.17035,38.170157,38.169977,38.169587,38.169446,38.16938,38.168962,38.168746,38.168646,38.168497,38.168364,38.167553,38.16731,38.166011,38.165729,38.165605,38.165418,38.165262,38.165061,38.164801,38.164334,38.164131,38.163934,38.163746,38.163569,38.163044,38.162497,38.162199,38.16196,38.161658,38.161398,38.161333,38.160028,38.159872,38.159725,38.158956,38.158507,38.158412,38.158182,38.157968,38.157659,38.157515,38.157194,38.157026,38.15689,38.156797,38.156156,38.155667,38.155521,38.155373,38.154813,38.154586,38.153824,38.153617,38.153422,38.153279,38.153138,38.153063,38.152941,38.152828,38.152259,38.152126,38.152062,38.151994,38.151924,38.151182,38.150417,38.150239,38.149523,38.149242,38.149111,38.148975,38.148811,38.148216,38.148145,38.14726,38.146842,38.146186,38.146029,38.145875,38.145392,38.14446,38.143892,38.143746,38.143648,38.143543,38.143432,38.143339,38.14318,38.14296,38.142794,38.142581,38.142275,38.142022,38.141816,38.141643,38.14149,38.141279,38.141105,38.140596,38.14039,38.13964,38.139508,38.139359,38.139196,38.138719,38.138566,38.138148,38.137538,38.137325,38.137154,38.137057,38.136801,38.136669,38.13659,38.136487,38.135849,38.135525,38.135283,38.13486,38.134538,38.133635,38.133123,38.132942,38.132848,38.132703,38.132279,38.132061,38.131825,38.131732,38.131634,38.131454,38.13108,38.130977,38.130481,38.130057,38.129805,38.129496,38.129189,38.128887,38.128638,38.128471,38.128417,38.128382,38.12835,38.128332,38.12833,38.128329,38.128337,38.128359,38.128403,38.128532,38.128581,38.12875,38.128808,38.128877,38.128956,38.129043,38.129447,38.129488,38.12953,38.129556,38.129577,38.129584,38.129579,38.129555,38.129521,38.129431,38.129373,38.129066,38.12901,38.12895,38.128902,38.12888,38.128694,38.128561,38.128317,38.128124,38.127937,38.127782,38.127601,38.126354,38.126222,38.12592,38.125796,38.125666,38.125534,38.125357,38.125157,38.124983,38.124809,38.124635,38.124506,38.124347,38.124313,38.12426,38.124202,38.12417,38.124145,38.124098,38.124077,38.123979,38.123878,38.123836,38.123576,38.123433,38.123256,38.123021,38.122683,38.122623,38.122613,38.122576,38.122431,38.122348,38.122187,38.121924,38.121899,38.121814,38.121694,38.121596,38.121552,38.12132,38.121306,38.121269,38.121262,38.121231,38.121296,38.121352,38.121409,38.121639,38.122171,38.122607,38.122875,38.123056,38.123197,38.123291,38.123405,38.123572,38.12373,38.123832,38.124043,38.124164,38.12435,38.124558,38.124638,38.12478,38.125132,38.125293,38.125434,38.12552,38.125974,38.126424,38.126555,38.127014,38.127181,38.127514,38.12769,38.127807,38.128286,38.128584,38.128602,38.12861,38.128635,38.128659,38.128726,38.128738,38.128719,38.128646,38.128558,38.128408,38.128197,38.128316,38.128517,38.128592,38.128921,38.129202,38.129409,38.129504,38.129709,38.129865,38.129959,38.130607,38.130744,38.130887,38.130931,38.130988,38.131033,38.131735,38.132614,38.132864,38.133247,38.133497,38.133999,38.134573,38.136187,38.136349,38.136841,38.137022,38.137231,38.138281,38.13853,38.138671,38.138803,38.138852,38.138767,38.138786,38.138628,38.138597,38.138368,38.138381,38.138166,38.138135,38.137799,38.137643,38.136801,38.136103,38.135506,38.135182,38.135067,38.135034,38.134583,38.134622,38.134834,38.134917,38.135179,38.135192,38.135858,38.136242,38.136682,38.137377,38.13817,38.138909,38.13912,38.139247,38.140749,38.140832,38.14119,38.141939,38.142059,38.14244,38.142459,38.142776,38.142947,38.143284,38.143404,38.143249,38.142919,38.142484,38.142001,38.14032,38.140074,38.139739,38.139274,38.138853,38.138406,38.138125,38.137947,38.137856,38.137889,38.137789,38.137691,38.137478,38.136981,38.136529,38.136129,38.135455,38.135265,38.135142,38.135052,38.135019,38.134685,38.133976,38.133416,38.133214,38.132969,38.132742,38.132187,38.131766,38.131571,38.13113,38.130821,38.130735,38.130761,38.130916,38.131054,38.131135,38.131132,38.130862,38.130123,38.129804,38.12962,38.129477,38.12936,38.129364,38.129214,38.128653,38.128746,38.12908,38.129423,38.129482,38.129414,38.129403,38.129312,38.128962,38.128574,38.128293,38.128127,38.127816,38.127719,38.127435,38.127119,38.126836,38.126484,38.126396,38.126203,38.125925,38.125148,38.125063,38.125,38.12482,38.124267,38.123729,38.1227,38.122443,38.122361,38.122477,38.122428,38.12246,38.122371,38.122137,38.121891,38.121683,38.121272,38.120804,38.120374,38.119995,38.119551,38.118641,38.118169,38.117947,38.117898,38.117958,38.117669,38.117633,38.117796,38.117928,38.117988,38.117605,38.117644,38.117556,38.117386,38.117505,38.118118,38.118202,38.118156,38.118188,38.1179,38.117442,38.116561,38.116196,38.11607,38.116224,38.116167,38.116142,38.115936,38.115514,38.115256,38.114943,38.114349,38.114265,38.113895,38.113614,38.112984,38.112393,38.111874,38.111477,38.111117,38.110632,38.110514,38.109882,38.109353,38.108997,38.108554,38.108132,38.107721,38.107109,38.106761,38.10595,38.10412,38.103929,38.103757,38.103625,38.103543,38.103483,38.10314,38.102775,38.10263,38.102603,38.102275,38.101911,38.101715,38.100598,38.098871,38.098564,38.098231,38.098078,38.097686,38.097488,38.097317,38.097287,38.097276,38.097181,38.097038,38.096755,38.096459,38.095862,38.095744,38.095176,38.094956,38.095015,38.095131,38.095605,38.09592,38.096122,38.096381,38.096441,38.096838,38.096941,38.097232,38.097909,38.098284,38.098524,38.098722,38.098732,38.0987,38.098641,38.09826,38.097748,38.096777,38.096179,38.095871,38.095673,38.09543,38.09474,38.093646,38.092494,38.092198,38.092011,38.091958,38.091972,38.092119,38.092087,38.091922,38.091639,38.090715,38.090444,38.090693,38.090907,38.09085,38.090864,38.09074,38.090779,38.090729,38.09055,38.09034,38.09011,38.089528,38.089298,38.08851,38.08829,38.08816,38.088165,38.088106,38.087848,38.086998,38.086683,38.086291,38.085909,38.085721,38.085688,38.085538,38.085018,38.084961,38.085019,38.084753,38.084191,38.083949,38.08367,38.083643,38.083439,38.083026,38.082863,38.082541,38.082035,38.081733,38.081417,38.081339,38.081307,38.081085,38.080942,38.080944,38.081031,38.081164,38.081264,38.081239,38.081029,38.080652,38.08033,38.080017,38.079678,38.079363,38.079184,38.078844,38.07874,38.077495,38.077074,38.076924,38.076957,38.07719,38.077353,38.07751,38.0776,38.077567,38.077473,38.077267,38.076943,38.076543,38.076157,38.07545,38.074878,38.074584,38.073672,38.073484,38.073203,38.073095,38.073067,38.073232,38.073019,38.072652,38.072372,38.0721,38.071413,38.071153,38.071022,38.070636,38.070351,38.070338,38.070172,38.06999,38.069875,38.069771,38.0691,38.06922,38.069026,38.068716,38.068592,38.068492,38.068325,38.06808,38.067616,38.067482,38.067317,38.067158,38.066922,38.066683,38.066458,38.066411,38.066414,38.066244,38.065856,38.065477,38.065324,38.064821,38.064512,38.064138,38.063997,38.06394,38.063768,38.063528,38.063414,38.06345,38.063406,38.063177,38.062894,38.062644,38.062266,38.061987,38.061986,38.061988,38.061999,38.062016,38.062393,38.062729,38.063331,38.063413,38.063488,38.063552,38.063628,38.063695,38.063783,38.063861,38.063929,38.064348,38.06443,38.06454,38.064592,38.06462,38.064721,38.064766,38.064801,38.064812,38.064812,38.064802,38.064723,38.06472,38.064733,38.064756,38.064808,38.06486,38.064932,38.065008,38.065117,38.065194,38.065364,38.065778,38.065924,38.066059,38.066212,38.066423,38.06687,38.066969,38.067076,38.067153,38.067225,38.06737,38.067632,38.067943,38.068135,38.068331,38.068846,38.068963,38.069084,38.069237,38.069361,38.069525,38.069731,38.069952,38.070137,38.070328,38.070916,38.070967,38.071621,38.071728,38.071837,38.071988,38.072109,38.07221,38.072511,38.072715,38.07282,38.072939,38.073046,38.073278,38.073802,38.073966,38.074126,38.07425,38.074511,38.074713,38.075275,38.076304,38.076597,38.076684,38.076976,38.077307,38.07746,38.077547,38.077706,38.077832,38.077882,38.07792,38.077937,38.078085,38.078342,38.078398,38.078454,38.078547,38.078628,38.078661,38.079014,38.079237,38.079419,38.07953,38.079738,38.079874,38.080049,38.08025,38.080332,38.080373,38.080462,38.080521,38.080639,38.080722,38.080885,38.081353,38.081612,38.081706,38.081777,38.081876,38.082158,38.082332,38.082631,38.082878,38.083198,38.083525,38.083658,38.083878,38.083982,38.084116,38.084193,38.084281,38.084831,38.085234,38.085776,38.086094,38.086374,38.086865,38.087472,38.087826,38.088209,38.08857,38.089544,38.089486,38.08947,38.089473,38.089495,38.089596,38.089636,38.089657,38.089668,38.089672,38.089676,38.089666,38.089643,38.089503,38.089417,38.089396,38.089372,38.089362,38.089368,38.089384,38.089372,38.089336,38.089293,38.089264,38.089218,38.089203,38.089203,38.089212,38.089254,38.089303,38.089482,38.089616,38.089701,38.089758,38.089801,38.089822,38.089825,38.089818,38.089796,38.089657,38.089585,38.089401,38.089019,38.088879,38.088469,38.08827,38.088194,38.088187,38.088187,38.088191,38.088273,38.088306,38.088324,38.088308,38.088289,38.088269,38.088251,38.088028,38.087384,38.087083,38.087027,38.087004,38.086995,38.087,38.08701,38.087036,38.087137,38.087464,38.087896,38.088034,38.088316,38.088673,38.089323,38.089557,38.091464,38.091804,38.092285,38.092629,38.093112,38.093425,38.093499,38.093652,38.093811,38.094089,38.094508,38.094672,38.094855,38.094945,38.095027,38.095083,38.095126,38.095156,38.09517,38.095173,38.095128,38.095119,38.09507,38.095033,38.095018,38.095004,38.095003,38.094999,38.094977,38.09496,38.094961,38.094951,38.094939,38.094947,38.094966,38.094991,38.095125,38.095366,38.095681,38.095427,38.095528,38.095681,38.095931,38.096216,38.096752,38.097023,38.097221,38.097517,38.097936,38.098126,38.098198,38.098257,38.098334,38.098405,38.098601,38.098852,38.098959,38.099035,38.099107,38.099172,38.099389,38.099621,38.099661,38.099693,38.099728,38.099852,38.099869,38.09994,38.100001,38.100144,38.100215,38.100341,38.100407,38.100462,38.100781,38.100934,38.101176,38.101291,38.101363,38.101456,38.10178,38.101879,38.102219,38.102351,38.102472,38.102543,38.102554,38.10262,38.102664,38.102845,38.102933,38.102988,38.103103,38.103125,38.103164,38.10323,38.103323,38.103543,38.103693,38.103708,38.103738,38.103766,38.10379,38.103893,38.10394,38.103993,38.104053,38.104158,38.104246,38.104361,38.104471,38.104602,38.104718,38.104899,38.10502,38.105146,38.1053,38.105363,38.105481,38.105618,38.105734,38.105774,38.10582,38.10586,38.105904,38.105986,38.106085,38.106244,38.106354,38.106439,38.106459,38.10647,38.106484,38.106502,38.106579,38.106634,38.106761,38.106815,38.106881,38.106936,38.106964,38.106991,38.10703,38.107041,38.107063,38.107073,38.107101,38.107244,38.107326,38.107359,38.107359,38.107447,38.107491,38.107496,38.10754,38.107672,38.107776,38.107881,38.107913,38.107946,38.107996,38.107996,38.10804,38.108073,38.108084,38.108133,38.108221,38.108292,38.108435,38.108484,38.108539,38.108567,38.108578,38.10855,38.108517,38.108462,38.108479,38.108506,38.109368,38.109607,38.109908,38.110162,38.110581,38.110583,38.110474,38.110312,38.109688,38.10898,38.108608,38.108316,38.107564,38.107277,38.106774,38.106441,38.106118,38.106089,38.106034,38.105961,38.10591,38.105835,38.10578,38.105727,38.105671,38.105616,38.105395,38.105144,38.105111,38.105088,38.105076,38.105058,38.105025,38.104978,38.104759,38.104404,38.103746,38.103681,38.103487,38.103185,38.103026,38.102729,38.102359,38.101859,38.1018,38.101708,38.10105,38.100864,38.100805,38.100764,38.100747,38.10073,38.100727,38.100735,38.100812,38.100869,38.100889,38.100898,38.10089,38.100876,38.100848,38.100803,38.100769,38.100714,38.100453,38.100354,38.100335,38.100311,38.100307,38.100316,38.10032,38.100309,38.100101,38.100038,38.100006,38.099949,38.099933,38.099897,38.099839,38.099769,38.099498,38.099429,38.099341,38.099273,38.099231,38.099202,38.09918,38.099168,38.099235,38.099251,38.099235,38.099127,38.098979,38.098901,38.09882,38.098748,38.098474,38.098375,38.098306,38.09827,38.098195,38.098033,38.097933,38.097799,38.09772,38.097666,38.097546,38.097148,38.097076,38.096794,38.096639,38.09647,38.096375,38.096329,38.096303,38.09622,38.096174,38.096115,38.095954,38.095801,38.095746,38.095679,38.09547,38.0954,38.095387,38.095388,38.095409,38.095417,38.095517,38.095519,38.09551,38.095455,38.095473,38.095479,38.095493,38.095489,38.095474,38.095438,38.095378,38.095096,38.095016,38.094961,38.094905,38.094857,38.094818,38.09478,38.094768,38.094781,38.094807,38.094867,38.095153,38.095382,38.095591,38.095869,38.096151,38.0962,38.096257,38.09629,38.096294,38.096303,38.096319,38.096343,38.096635,38.096683,38.096775,38.096886,38.096984,38.09701,38.09709,38.097166,38.097204,38.097248,38.097295,38.097376,38.097465,38.097862,38.097835,38.098181,38.098277,38.098598,38.098949,38.098959,38.099129,38.099218,38.099201,38.099231,38.09938,38.099649,38.099851,38.100047,38.100279,38.100534,38.100812,38.101033,38.101528,38.101883,38.102673,38.102841,38.102922,38.103546,38.103714,38.104242,38.104812,38.105086,38.105516,38.105559,38.105825,38.106491,38.106875,38.107164,38.107228,38.107639,38.107696,38.108112,38.108926,38.109563,38.110006,38.110305,38.110493,38.110819,38.111077,38.112072,38.112784,38.113079,38.113284,38.114321,38.114378,38.114422,38.11441,38.114405,38.114445,38.114494,38.1146,38.115177,38.116112,38.116779,38.117179,38.117178,38.11718,38.117288,38.117682,38.117806,38.118128,38.118559,38.118754,38.118933,38.11912,38.119242,38.119362,38.119701,38.120743,38.120972,38.120984,38.120986,38.121122,38.121386,38.12146,38.121921,38.122589,38.122968,38.123395,38.123809,38.124182,38.124456,38.125134,38.125881,38.126078,38.126404,38.126787]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.67148,-78.671339,-78.671224,-78.671174,-78.67105,-78.670757,-78.669426,-78.668757,-78.668506,-78.667893,-78.667625,-78.667628,-78.667315,-78.667134,-78.66692,-78.66687,-78.666639,-78.666304,-78.665636,-78.6654,-78.665076,-78.6647,-78.664432,-78.664199,-78.663953,-78.663742,-78.663678,-78.663916,-78.66464,-78.664955,-78.66486,-78.664048,-78.663924,-78.663696,-78.663613,-78.663365,-78.662615,-78.661923,-78.660941,-78.660439,-78.659805,-78.659644,-78.65942,-78.65969,-78.659842,-78.659798,-78.659933,-78.659824,-78.659585,-78.659587,-78.6598,-78.660253,-78.660417,-78.660712,-78.661068,-78.661408,-78.661955,-78.66225,-78.662405,-78.662321,-78.66176,-78.661425,-78.661267,-78.661471,-78.66144,-78.661307,-78.661121,-78.660647,-78.658619,-78.657931,-78.657839,-78.657932,-78.657893,-78.657653,-78.657956,-78.65803,-78.657963,-78.657481,-78.657369,-78.657137,-78.656387,-78.655535,-78.655462,-78.6544,-78.654063,-78.653385,-78.652828,-78.652354,-78.651925,-78.651689,-78.65145,-78.651408,-78.651658,-78.651661,-78.650811,-78.650616,-78.65034,-78.650035,-78.649611,-78.649343,-78.649254,-78.649184,-78.648239,-78.647991,-78.647875,-78.647801,-78.647781,-78.647371,-78.647069,-78.64664,-78.646442,-78.645936,-78.645207,-78.644354,-78.644032,-78.643925,-78.643892,-78.644224,-78.644103,-78.643562,-78.643105,-78.642967,-78.642126,-78.641896,-78.641842,-78.641857,-78.641651,-78.641419,-78.64116,-78.640858,-78.64038,-78.640302,-78.639489,-78.63943,-78.639578,-78.640022,-78.640133,-78.640012,-78.639592,-78.639012,-78.637869,-78.637329,-78.637115,-78.637118,-78.637266,-78.637356,-78.637569,-78.637477,-78.637633,-78.63818,-78.638671,-78.638794,-78.638727,-78.638499,-78.638214,-78.637317,-78.636749,-78.636489,-78.636422,-78.636471,-78.636254,-78.636277,-78.636469,-78.637096,-78.637004,-78.636253,-78.635474,-78.634629,-78.633764,-78.633241,-78.632607,-78.63227,-78.631138,-78.630773,-78.630546,-78.630323,-78.630223,-78.630301,-78.630375,-78.630616,-78.630854,-78.631528,-78.631869,-78.632028,-78.631998,-78.630317,-78.629002,-78.628669,-78.628224,-78.627039,-78.626685,-78.626171,-78.625902,-78.62585,-78.625828,-78.625683,-78.625608,-78.625728,-78.62593,-78.6259,-78.625767,-78.625107,-78.624987,-78.624839,-78.624257,-78.623919,-78.623785,-78.623112,-78.622705,-78.622598,-78.622427,-78.622204,-78.621681,-78.621215,-78.620843,-78.620796,-78.620206,-78.619301,-78.618818,-78.618476,-78.617681,-78.617322,-78.617082,-78.616754,-78.61684,-78.617356,-78.617442,-78.617391,-78.617115,-78.616962,-78.616691,-78.616286,-78.615681,-78.615574,-78.61408,-78.613109,-78.612717,-78.612074,-78.611773,-78.611406,-78.611117,-78.610261,-78.610178,-78.610113,-78.609647,-78.609435,-78.609114,-78.608899,-78.608523,-78.608067,-78.606662,-78.606027,-78.605135,-78.60406,-78.603329,-78.602442,-78.602031,-78.601811,-78.601486,-78.600362,-78.599951,-78.599619,-78.599453,-78.599195,-78.598985,-78.598633,-78.598579,-78.597283,-78.596629,-78.595955,-78.595179,-78.594878,-78.594471,-78.594231,-78.594142,-78.594208,-78.594065,-78.593854,-78.593552,-78.593284,-78.592933,-78.592804,-78.592455,-78.592133,-78.591992,-78.591945,-78.592002,-78.592297,-78.592411,-78.592561,-78.592714,-78.592856,-78.592862,-78.593192,-78.593082,-78.591847,-78.590184,-78.589936,-78.589691,-78.58945,-78.589302,-78.589044,-78.588794,-78.588273,-78.587938,-78.587608,-78.587439,-78.587262,-78.586754,-78.586433,-78.585088,-78.584913,-78.584734,-78.584555,-78.584351,-78.584134,-78.583911,-78.583681,-78.583494,-78.583354,-78.583026,-78.582822,-78.582621,-78.582094,-78.581623,-78.581459,-78.581344,-78.581207,-78.581081,-78.580926,-78.580746,-78.580564,-78.580032,-78.579802,-78.579613,-78.579386,-78.57926,-78.579143,-78.579036,-78.578991,-78.578895,-78.578591,-78.57815,-78.578031,-78.577943,-78.577813,-78.577758,-78.576806,-78.576558,-78.576109,-78.575783,-78.575668,-78.575487,-78.575332,-78.575145,-78.574999,-78.574808,-78.574656,-78.572827,-78.571946,-78.571491,-78.570108,-78.569603,-78.569465,-78.568771,-78.567779,-78.567117,-78.566844,-78.566532,-78.565579,-78.56512,-78.564836,-78.564305,-78.563776,-78.562554,-78.562266,-78.561263,-78.560909,-78.560672,-78.560506,-78.560297,-78.560088,-78.559857,-78.559713,-78.559566,-78.55889,-78.558786,-78.558119,-78.557961,-78.557133,-78.556795,-78.556336,-78.555839,-78.555295,-78.55513,-78.554765,-78.554252,-78.553747,-78.5518,-78.551524,-78.550073,-78.549445,-78.548519,-78.548035,-78.547645,-78.547448,-78.547224,-78.547016,-78.546517,-78.545869,-78.545513,-78.545358,-78.545218,-78.545093,-78.5449,-78.544713,-78.54449,-78.543825,-78.543777,-78.5436,-78.543375,-78.543209,-78.543117,-78.543017,-78.54297,-78.542936,-78.54292,-78.542919,-78.542959,-78.542963,-78.542971,-78.542999,-78.543047,-78.543078,-78.543079,-78.543072,-78.543044,-78.542979,-78.542705,-78.542621,-78.542577,-78.54255,-78.542542,-78.542547,-78.542573,-78.542609,-78.542754,-78.542992,-78.543105,-78.54314,-78.543184,-78.543213,-78.543221,-78.543212,-78.543169,-78.543148,-78.543144,-78.543163,-78.543196,-78.543277,-78.543468,-78.543644,-78.543687,-78.54371,-78.543722,-78.543728,-78.543736,-78.543735,-78.543734,-78.543721,-78.54369,-78.543654,-78.543614,-78.543549,-78.543483,-78.5434,-78.543308,-78.543137,-78.542987,-78.542788,-78.542578,-78.542491,-78.542082,-78.540007,-78.539897,-78.539722,-78.539574,-78.539345,-78.538651,-78.538403,-78.537999,-78.537567,-78.537387,-78.537264,-78.537104,-78.536935,-78.536523,-78.536316,-78.536192,-78.536045,-78.535909,-78.535837,-78.534187,-78.532261,-78.531575,-78.531297,-78.531413,-78.531851,-78.53187,-78.531905,-78.531922,-78.531921,-78.531901,-78.53186,-78.531805,-78.531769,-78.531759,-78.531736,-78.531702,-78.531672,-78.531635,-78.531573,-78.531495,-78.531341,-78.531282,-78.531107,-78.531086,-78.531067,-78.531061,-78.531067,-78.531114,-78.53116,-78.531182,-78.531224,-78.531268,-78.531339,-78.531504,-78.531602,-78.531714,-78.531863,-78.532032,-78.532116,-78.532183,-78.532311,-78.532477,-78.532649,-78.532844,-78.532894,-78.532964,-78.5331,-78.533258,-78.533331,-78.53338,-78.533428,-78.53346,-78.533475,-78.533474,-78.533473,-78.533434,-78.533407,-78.533361,-78.533303,-78.53298,-78.532964,-78.532941,-78.532928,-78.532937,-78.532974,-78.533087,-78.533144,-78.533199,-78.533233,-78.533242,-78.533253,-78.533344,-78.533406,-78.533403,-78.53338,-78.533337,-78.533276,-78.533207,-78.533169,-78.533149,-78.533148,-78.533152,-78.53316,-78.533184,-78.533246,-78.533293,-78.533317,-78.533328,-78.533317,-78.533288,-78.533242,-78.533181,-78.532998,-78.532836,-78.532504,-78.532445,-78.5324,-78.532389,-78.532372,-78.532357,-78.532364,-78.532388,-78.532582,-78.532611,-78.532639,-78.532682,-78.532719,-78.532755,-78.532795,-78.532866,-78.532912,-78.533038,-78.533296,-78.533439,-78.533526,-78.533598,-78.533666,-78.533691,-78.533697,-78.533687,-78.533658,-78.533532,-78.533494,-78.533432,-78.533408,-78.533367,-78.533333,-78.533236,-78.532733,-78.532562,-78.532218,-78.531891,-78.531741,-78.531683,-78.531626,-78.531614,-78.531555,-78.531475,-78.531383,-78.531345,-78.531251,-78.530934,-78.530824,-78.530728,-78.530678,-78.53063,-78.530604,-78.530587,-78.530607,-78.530611,-78.530621,-78.530607,-78.530591,-78.530557,-78.530408,-78.530209,-78.529914,-78.52977,-78.528335,-78.528179,-78.527931,-78.527589,-78.526328,-78.526212,-78.526182,-78.526401,-78.525256,-78.524633,-78.524725,-78.524894,-78.52501,-78.525929,-78.526004,-78.52604,-78.526122,-78.526292,-78.526408,-78.52656,-78.526648,-78.52672,-78.526752,-78.526778,-78.526872,-78.526876,-78.526882,-78.526919,-78.526966,-78.527039,-78.527152,-78.527246,-78.527781,-78.527877,-78.528372,-78.52843,-78.528489,-78.528575,-78.528641,-78.528742,-78.528832,-78.528846,-78.528961,-78.529106,-78.529268,-78.529482,-78.529676,-78.529886,-78.529912,-78.530109,-78.530358,-78.530627,-78.530908,-78.531201,-78.531629,-78.531787,-78.53303,-78.53423,-78.534877,-78.535472,-78.536703,-78.536821,-78.537147,-78.537412,-78.537903,-78.538691,-78.539173,-78.539989,-78.54033,-78.541109,-78.541204,-78.542314,-78.542612,-78.543116,-78.543684,-78.54425,-78.544801,-78.544985,-78.545504,-78.546023,-78.547547,-78.549381,-78.552097,-78.553888,-78.555545,-78.556647,-78.55721,-78.558594,-78.560399,-78.562258,-78.562315,-78.564263,-78.56771,-78.568465,-78.569334,-78.570378,-78.571068,-78.571718,-78.572341,-78.573266,-78.573827,-78.574384,-78.574745,-78.575347,-78.575576,-78.576237,-78.576762,-78.577408,-78.577816,-78.578202,-78.578967,-78.579611,-78.580478,-78.58109,-78.581568,-78.582758,-78.584811,-78.585943,-78.588766,-78.589761,-78.5903,-78.590544,-78.59159,-78.592166,-78.593563,-78.596275,-78.596694,-78.597036,-78.597257,-78.597583,-78.598111,-78.598353,-78.59859,-78.599006,-78.59958,-78.600229,-78.600244,-78.600739,-78.601072,-78.601256,-78.60185,-78.602012,-78.602409,-78.60321,-78.603932,-78.6043,-78.604946,-78.605717,-78.606658,-78.607356,-78.607727,-78.608279,-78.608989,-78.609773,-78.610671,-78.611344,-78.612166,-78.612555,-78.612708,-78.613805,-78.614537,-78.614916,-78.615616,-78.616161,-78.616706,-78.617674,-78.619423,-78.621762,-78.622509,-78.623489,-78.623811,-78.624276,-78.624473,-78.624666,-78.624913,-78.625047,-78.625524,-78.625836,-78.626055,-78.626271,-78.62648,-78.626962,-78.627158,-78.628543,-78.62978,-78.63004,-78.630325,-78.630595,-78.630784,-78.630892,-78.631072,-78.63126,-78.631481,-78.63166,-78.631938,-78.632071,-78.632315,-78.63297,-78.633316,-78.63447,-78.634996,-78.636223,-78.636637,-78.637188,-78.642109,-78.642942,-78.644287,-78.646417,-78.647916,-78.648994,-78.651157,-78.654703,-78.655528,-78.656441,-78.6568,-78.657381,-78.658324,-78.65892,-78.659723,-78.660455,-78.660844,-78.661818,-78.663972,-78.668019,-78.668901,-78.671378,-78.67148],"lat":[38.03132,38.031776,38.031868,38.032079,38.032206,38.032454,38.033135,38.033584,38.033657,38.033678,38.033821,38.033993,38.034139,38.034114,38.034228,38.034439,38.034623,38.035047,38.035496,38.035898,38.036061,38.036088,38.036231,38.036444,38.03667,38.036967,38.037829,38.038008,38.038111,38.038556,38.03876,38.039224,38.039352,38.039718,38.040069,38.040324,38.040725,38.04088,38.041465,38.041611,38.04152,38.041606,38.042155,38.042593,38.042941,38.043515,38.043934,38.04439,38.04461,38.045191,38.045475,38.04554,38.045636,38.045969,38.046637,38.046976,38.047235,38.047568,38.048098,38.048449,38.04884,38.049264,38.049931,38.050449,38.050972,38.051534,38.051725,38.051947,38.052601,38.052938,38.053324,38.053918,38.054275,38.054894,38.055191,38.055274,38.055555,38.055813,38.056087,38.056272,38.056672,38.056514,38.056431,38.05617,38.056013,38.055916,38.05609,38.056313,38.056542,38.056943,38.057163,38.057339,38.057665,38.057847,38.058669,38.058895,38.059073,38.059174,38.059186,38.059329,38.059897,38.059996,38.060623,38.061554,38.061987,38.062266,38.062644,38.062894,38.063177,38.063406,38.06345,38.063414,38.063528,38.063768,38.06394,38.063997,38.064138,38.064512,38.064821,38.065324,38.065477,38.065856,38.066244,38.066414,38.066411,38.066458,38.066683,38.066922,38.067158,38.067317,38.067482,38.067616,38.06808,38.068325,38.068492,38.068592,38.068716,38.069026,38.06922,38.0691,38.069771,38.069875,38.06999,38.070172,38.070338,38.070351,38.070636,38.071022,38.071153,38.071413,38.0721,38.072372,38.072652,38.073019,38.073232,38.073067,38.073095,38.073203,38.073484,38.073672,38.074584,38.074878,38.07545,38.076157,38.076543,38.076943,38.077267,38.077473,38.077567,38.0776,38.07751,38.077353,38.07719,38.076957,38.076924,38.077074,38.077495,38.07874,38.078844,38.079184,38.079363,38.079678,38.080017,38.08033,38.080652,38.081029,38.081239,38.081264,38.081164,38.081031,38.080944,38.080942,38.081085,38.081307,38.081339,38.081417,38.081733,38.082035,38.082541,38.082863,38.083026,38.083439,38.083643,38.08367,38.083949,38.084191,38.084753,38.085019,38.084961,38.085018,38.085538,38.085688,38.085721,38.085909,38.086291,38.086683,38.086998,38.087848,38.088106,38.088165,38.08816,38.08829,38.08851,38.089298,38.089528,38.09011,38.09034,38.09055,38.090729,38.090779,38.09074,38.090864,38.09085,38.090907,38.090693,38.090444,38.090715,38.091639,38.091922,38.092087,38.092119,38.091972,38.091958,38.092011,38.092198,38.092494,38.093646,38.09474,38.09543,38.095673,38.095871,38.096179,38.096777,38.097748,38.09826,38.098641,38.0987,38.098732,38.098722,38.098524,38.098284,38.097909,38.097232,38.096941,38.096838,38.096441,38.096381,38.096122,38.09592,38.095605,38.095131,38.095015,38.094956,38.095176,38.095744,38.095862,38.096459,38.096755,38.097038,38.097181,38.097276,38.097287,38.097317,38.097488,38.097686,38.098078,38.098231,38.098564,38.098871,38.100598,38.101715,38.101911,38.102275,38.102603,38.102604,38.102605,38.102611,38.102628,38.10266,38.102706,38.102744,38.10283,38.10293,38.103168,38.103357,38.103556,38.103638,38.103707,38.103872,38.103965,38.104297,38.104326,38.104341,38.104343,38.104326,38.104292,38.104249,38.104219,38.104205,38.104201,38.104213,38.104236,38.104273,38.104394,38.104495,38.10452,38.104528,38.104528,38.104518,38.104493,38.104447,38.104379,38.104169,38.104094,38.104044,38.103994,38.103953,38.103898,38.103832,38.103797,38.103707,38.103345,38.102819,38.102704,38.102635,38.102554,38.102524,38.102066,38.10194,38.101715,38.101568,38.101527,38.101483,38.101462,38.101455,38.101459,38.101476,38.1015,38.101857,38.102027,38.102117,38.102397,38.102497,38.102521,38.102661,38.102863,38.102988,38.103028,38.103063,38.103144,38.103197,38.103239,38.10333,38.103449,38.103753,38.103824,38.10407,38.104139,38.104174,38.104188,38.104193,38.104184,38.104153,38.104129,38.104101,38.103957,38.103932,38.103773,38.103735,38.103541,38.103451,38.103313,38.103153,38.10298,38.10293,38.102818,38.102661,38.102522,38.102003,38.101929,38.10154,38.101376,38.101125,38.100979,38.100851,38.100762,38.10064,38.100502,38.100107,38.099598,38.099309,38.099165,38.099011,38.098849,38.098575,38.098286,38.097894,38.096692,38.096605,38.096299,38.095958,38.095723,38.095578,38.095392,38.095277,38.095145,38.09501,38.094963,38.094282,38.094221,38.09408,38.093621,38.092992,38.092453,38.092253,38.092175,38.092045,38.091881,38.091416,38.091262,38.091142,38.091019,38.09092,38.09081,38.090662,38.090546,38.090169,38.089596,38.089277,38.089157,38.088969,38.088784,38.088555,38.088403,38.088101,38.087849,38.087597,38.087463,38.087291,38.08701,38.086464,38.085969,38.085787,38.085639,38.085456,38.085003,38.084255,38.083978,38.083691,38.083444,38.083255,38.083135,38.083041,38.082929,38.082839,38.082743,38.082652,38.082507,38.082394,38.082262,38.082142,38.082098,38.081913,38.080991,38.080935,38.080831,38.080728,38.080546,38.079952,38.079749,38.079438,38.079121,38.079007,38.078942,38.07887,38.078812,38.078687,38.078613,38.078558,38.078479,38.078389,38.078333,38.076931,38.07529,38.074706,38.074469,38.074242,38.073468,38.073441,38.073369,38.073293,38.073215,38.07314,38.073055,38.072919,38.072778,38.072581,38.072347,38.072063,38.071925,38.071816,38.071684,38.071558,38.071359,38.071256,38.070789,38.070718,38.070616,38.070502,38.07042,38.070068,38.069834,38.069769,38.069692,38.069637,38.069571,38.069468,38.069396,38.069296,38.069174,38.069067,38.069023,38.068991,38.068938,38.068884,38.06882,38.068728,38.0687,38.068665,38.068586,38.068475,38.068415,38.06836,38.068285,38.068206,38.068123,38.068066,38.06799,38.067563,38.067433,38.067305,38.067198,38.066701,38.06667,38.066606,38.066525,38.066427,38.066312,38.066111,38.065982,38.065818,38.065597,38.065514,38.065365,38.064697,38.064255,38.064149,38.06405,38.063935,38.063825,38.063725,38.063637,38.063545,38.063452,38.063418,38.063379,38.063307,38.063186,38.063068,38.062971,38.062881,38.062812,38.062746,38.062687,38.062637,38.062528,38.06242,38.062121,38.062056,38.061984,38.061957,38.061904,38.061806,38.061689,38.061593,38.061166,38.061111,38.061038,38.060901,38.060728,38.060615,38.060525,38.06043,38.060382,38.060265,38.060067,38.059941,38.059828,38.059709,38.05955,38.05945,38.059348,38.059265,38.059162,38.0589,38.05884,38.05876,38.058734,38.058693,38.058663,38.058592,38.058266,38.05815,38.057914,38.0577,38.057596,38.057545,38.057484,38.057472,38.057394,38.057252,38.057122,38.057077,38.056981,38.05675,38.056665,38.05657,38.056499,38.056405,38.056327,38.056226,38.055806,38.055122,38.054634,38.054503,38.054427,38.054354,38.054157,38.053927,38.053603,38.053469,38.052352,38.052218,38.051986,38.051634,38.05036,38.050218,38.050196,38.050115,38.049039,38.048506,38.048299,38.047908,38.047642,38.045491,38.045265,38.045214,38.045004,38.044495,38.044098,38.043434,38.042944,38.042406,38.042029,38.041484,38.037777,38.037626,38.037405,38.036685,38.03605,38.035349,38.034508,38.033948,38.031172,38.030684,38.028162,38.027837,38.027578,38.027267,38.027053,38.026785,38.026582,38.026554,38.026326,38.026076,38.025827,38.025528,38.025287,38.025053,38.025027,38.024827,38.024602,38.02438,38.024168,38.023966,38.023708,38.02362,38.022928,38.022261,38.021901,38.02157,38.020886,38.02082,38.02095,38.021054,38.021238,38.021504,38.021647,38.021872,38.021952,38.022119,38.022138,38.022325,38.022361,38.022422,38.022473,38.022509,38.022538,38.022546,38.022555,38.02255,38.022495,38.022416,38.022299,38.022229,38.022154,38.02211,38.022081,38.022027,38.021949,38.021879,38.021874,38.021785,38.021646,38.021634,38.02164,38.021682,38.021724,38.021777,38.021842,38.021955,38.02204,38.022138,38.022207,38.022328,38.022374,38.022526,38.022659,38.022832,38.02295,38.023068,38.023316,38.023542,38.023877,38.024129,38.024341,38.024903,38.025906,38.026454,38.027837,38.02832,38.028582,38.028705,38.029213,38.029498,38.030175,38.031495,38.031699,38.031855,38.031963,38.032124,38.03238,38.032502,38.032616,38.032815,38.033081,38.033365,38.033372,38.033574,38.033705,38.033777,38.034001,38.034057,38.034191,38.034447,38.034658,38.034759,38.034924,38.035104,38.035298,38.035421,38.035482,38.035563,38.035656,38.035742,38.035811,38.035849,38.03588,38.035886,38.035888,38.03588,38.035852,38.035833,38.035786,38.035737,38.035682,38.035564,38.035345,38.035052,38.034982,38.03487,38.03484,38.034782,38.034763,38.034753,38.034754,38.034766,38.034864,38.03491,38.034931,38.034936,38.034925,38.03487,38.034841,38.034659,38.034518,38.034475,38.034398,38.034306,38.034224,38.034162,38.03407,38.033991,38.033915,38.033869,38.033826,38.03381,38.033774,38.033685,38.033644,38.033459,38.03339,38.033241,38.033191,38.033122,38.032502,38.032403,38.032232,38.031962,38.03178,38.031641,38.031371,38.030926,38.030819,38.03072,38.030691,38.030643,38.030593,38.030576,38.030567,38.03058,38.030587,38.030644,38.030797,38.031077,38.031142,38.031313,38.03132]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.760299,-78.76007,-78.759846,-78.758382,-78.758269,-78.758139,-78.758044,-78.757834,-78.757679,-78.757538,-78.757236,-78.757079,-78.756945,-78.756805,-78.756205,-78.756116,-78.75604,-78.755991,-78.755391,-78.755374,-78.754976,-78.754915,-78.754855,-78.754659,-78.754459,-78.754423,-78.754377,-78.754286,-78.754246,-78.754151,-78.754075,-78.754023,-78.753989,-78.753965,-78.753946,-78.753874,-78.753757,-78.753554,-78.753209,-78.753126,-78.75307,-78.753012,-78.752956,-78.752923,-78.752905,-78.752905,-78.75291,-78.753105,-78.753112,-78.753108,-78.753079,-78.753037,-78.752968,-78.752858,-78.752761,-78.752671,-78.752589,-78.752514,-78.752312,-78.752178,-78.752108,-78.751716,-78.751622,-78.751537,-78.751319,-78.751273,-78.751209,-78.751165,-78.751116,-78.751077,-78.750966,-78.750929,-78.750881,-78.750827,-78.75073,-78.750627,-78.750256,-78.750183,-78.750121,-78.750064,-78.750006,-78.749972,-78.749954,-78.74992,-78.749933,-78.749956,-78.75,-78.750058,-78.750168,-78.750239,-78.750296,-78.750337,-78.750361,-78.750378,-78.750376,-78.75036,-78.750332,-78.750297,-78.750234,-78.750181,-78.750113,-78.750039,-78.749962,-78.749888,-78.749761,-78.749375,-78.749264,-78.748933,-78.748826,-78.748733,-78.748669,-78.74861,-78.748584,-78.748571,-78.748549,-78.748522,-78.748477,-78.748407,-78.748363,-78.748295,-78.748217,-78.748143,-78.748069,-78.74801,-78.747941,-78.747842,-78.747735,-78.747686,-78.747629,-78.747581,-78.747546,-78.747497,-78.747476,-78.74747,-78.747441,-78.747397,-78.747347,-78.747314,-78.747251,-78.747213,-78.747162,-78.747101,-78.747023,-78.746997,-78.746723,-78.746656,-78.746582,-78.746521,-78.746336,-78.746285,-78.746223,-78.746149,-78.746094,-78.746044,-78.746005,-78.745961,-78.745937,-78.745846,-78.745807,-78.745763,-78.74573,-78.745667,-78.745608,-78.745525,-78.745415,-78.745377,-78.745276,-78.745178,-78.745083,-78.744859,-78.744777,-78.744693,-78.744392,-78.7443,-78.744185,-78.744094,-78.743635,-78.743262,-78.743171,-78.743088,-78.743017,-78.74297,-78.742725,-78.742643,-78.742548,-78.74244,-78.742347,-78.741871,-78.74176,-78.741646,-78.741531,-78.741418,-78.741048,-78.740923,-78.740773,-78.740627,-78.740364,-78.7403,-78.74014,-78.739721,-78.739617,-78.739465,-78.739167,-78.739147,-78.739035,-78.738935,-78.738096,-78.737876,-78.737662,-78.737455,-78.73702,-78.736932,-78.736873,-78.736696,-78.736654,-78.736601,-78.736555,-78.735175,-78.734938,-78.734745,-78.734261,-78.734199,-78.734148,-78.734111,-78.733999,-78.733961,-78.733914,-78.733859,-78.733782,-78.733699,-78.733648,-78.733319,-78.73322,-78.733126,-78.733019,-78.732904,-78.732847,-78.732613,-78.732534,-78.732466,-78.732412,-78.732294,-78.732203,-78.732084,-78.731964,-78.731861,-78.731724,-78.731154,-78.730786,-78.730642,-78.730526,-78.730381,-78.72994,-78.729186,-78.729037,-78.728895,-78.728826,-78.728776,-78.728699,-78.728638,-78.728595,-78.728434,-78.728364,-78.728271,-78.728192,-78.727408,-78.727251,-78.726165,-78.725978,-78.725606,-78.725543,-78.725465,-78.725406,-78.72534,-78.725285,-78.725071,-78.725021,-78.724975,-78.724913,-78.724863,-78.724804,-78.724753,-78.724613,-78.724456,-78.724395,-78.724247,-78.724116,-78.723963,-78.723844,-78.723574,-78.723302,-78.722687,-78.722487,-78.722357,-78.721983,-78.721902,-78.721821,-78.721759,-78.721702,-78.721663,-78.721569,-78.721505,-78.721412,-78.721386,-78.721326,-78.721175,-78.721128,-78.721065,-78.720862,-78.72074,-78.720608,-78.72021,-78.720068,-78.719962,-78.719744,-78.719632,-78.719526,-78.719184,-78.719048,-78.718938,-78.718816,-78.718738,-78.718578,-78.718496,-78.718284,-78.718049,-78.717804,-78.717564,-78.717377,-78.717181,-78.716994,-78.716828,-78.716698,-78.716589,-78.716353,-78.716238,-78.716115,-78.716032,-78.71598,-78.715856,-78.715755,-78.715008,-78.714094,-78.713905,-78.713474,-78.71337,-78.713275,-78.713155,-78.713066,-78.712989,-78.712887,-78.712781,-78.712717,-78.712525,-78.712336,-78.712153,-78.712011,-78.711842,-78.711682,-78.711493,-78.711269,-78.711139,-78.710951,-78.710815,-78.710214,-78.709553,-78.709373,-78.70916,-78.70896,-78.708194,-78.707685,-78.706878,-78.70665,-78.70645,-78.706331,-78.706225,-78.706169,-78.705354,-78.705283,-78.705198,-78.705079,-78.704944,-78.703898,-78.703799,-78.703711,-78.70365,-78.703009,-78.702545,-78.701888,-78.701318,-78.700876,-78.700478,-78.700325,-78.70026,-78.700132,-78.699997,-78.699471,-78.699285,-78.698751,-78.698592,-78.698122,-78.697456,-78.69718,-78.697067,-78.696164,-78.695734,-78.695285,-78.694886,-78.694783,-78.694946,-78.695294,-78.695807,-78.696132,-78.696703,-78.696452,-78.696394,-78.69605,-78.694959,-78.694293,-78.694216,-78.694148,-78.694061,-78.693971,-78.693879,-78.693793,-78.693717,-78.693225,-78.69316,-78.693087,-78.693017,-78.69295,-78.692889,-78.692848,-78.692826,-78.692756,-78.69262,-78.692542,-78.692497,-78.692467,-78.69248,-78.692505,-78.692499,-78.692474,-78.69243,-78.692391,-78.692321,-78.692237,-78.692143,-78.692042,-78.691959,-78.691824,-78.691751,-78.691639,-78.691513,-78.691395,-78.691286,-78.691101,-78.690949,-78.690731,-78.690588,-78.690423,-78.690301,-78.690261,-78.68975,-78.689668,-78.689572,-78.689462,-78.689359,-78.68922,-78.688643,-78.687545,-78.686756,-78.686616,-78.686492,-78.686353,-78.686188,-78.685522,-78.685289,-78.685191,-78.685065,-78.685012,-78.684828,-78.684209,-78.684085,-78.683551,-78.683404,-78.683297,-78.683171,-78.682696,-78.682286,-78.681927,-78.681645,-78.681369,-78.681247,-78.681201,-78.681085,-78.680773,-78.679355,-78.678889,-78.67784,-78.677151,-78.676697,-78.676515,-78.676261,-78.676101,-78.675936,-78.675537,-78.67539,-78.674491,-78.674284,-78.674224,-78.674146,-78.673983,-78.673947,-78.673854,-78.67379,-78.673307,-78.673115,-78.672914,-78.672831,-78.672791,-78.672056,-78.671915,-78.67177,-78.671718,-78.671629,-78.671542,-78.671438,-78.671341,-78.67116,-78.671023,-78.670463,-78.670095,-78.669988,-78.669846,-78.669682,-78.669502,-78.669329,-78.669184,-78.668282,-78.667226,-78.666976,-78.666758,-78.66653,-78.666176,-78.665969,-78.66554,-78.665341,-78.665095,-78.664689,-78.664543,-78.664396,-78.663848,-78.663727,-78.663621,-78.663522,-78.663279,-78.663036,-78.662715,-78.662486,-78.661151,-78.661048,-78.66094,-78.660903,-78.660863,-78.66072,-78.660619,-78.660534,-78.660492,-78.660005,-78.659898,-78.659622,-78.659519,-78.659377,-78.659255,-78.658927,-78.658845,-78.658779,-78.658729,-78.65871,-78.658475,-78.658431,-78.65836,-78.658274,-78.658215,-78.657887,-78.657762,-78.657654,-78.657508,-78.657447,-78.657079,-78.656278,-78.656066,-78.655206,-78.655021,-78.654842,-78.654592,-78.654488,-78.654267,-78.653583,-78.653224,-78.652231,-78.652101,-78.651948,-78.651835,-78.65169,-78.651401,-78.651302,-78.651163,-78.651074,-78.65088,-78.650221,-78.650111,-78.649993,-78.64991,-78.649842,-78.64979,-78.649652,-78.649598,-78.649528,-78.649461,-78.648578,-78.648408,-78.648228,-78.648041,-78.647965,-78.647671,-78.646707,-78.646504,-78.646255,-78.646104,-78.645844,-78.645642,-78.645497,-78.645431,-78.645261,-78.645198,-78.644933,-78.644338,-78.644261,-78.644175,-78.643576,-78.643192,-78.643116,-78.642987,-78.642892,-78.642822,-78.642765,-78.642072,-78.641964,-78.641823,-78.641708,-78.641565,-78.641424,-78.641288,-78.641159,-78.641098,-78.640971,-78.640036,-78.639718,-78.63957,-78.639387,-78.639307,-78.639215,-78.639112,-78.639,-78.638906,-78.637013,-78.636466,-78.636113,-78.635974,-78.635836,-78.635701,-78.635583,-78.635483,-78.635403,-78.635303,-78.635227,-78.635077,-78.635044,-78.63495,-78.634875,-78.634891,-78.634884,-78.63486,-78.634838,-78.634772,-78.634692,-78.634601,-78.633889,-78.633073,-78.632543,-78.632414,-78.632274,-78.631898,-78.631813,-78.631706,-78.631588,-78.631494,-78.631377,-78.631289,-78.631258,-78.63113,-78.631041,-78.630957,-78.630883,-78.630611,-78.630426,-78.630018,-78.629871,-78.629699,-78.629634,-78.62906,-78.628956,-78.628858,-78.628753,-78.628642,-78.62849,-78.62836,-78.627784,-78.627243,-78.626605,-78.62648,-78.626384,-78.626316,-78.625811,-78.625649,-78.625259,-78.625054,-78.624945,-78.62426,-78.624115,-78.623985,-78.623783,-78.623695,-78.6236,-78.623507,-78.623442,-78.623179,-78.623012,-78.622838,-78.622737,-78.622657,-78.622392,-78.622361,-78.622349,-78.622356,-78.622457,-78.622468,-78.62247,-78.622453,-78.622413,-78.622359,-78.622299,-78.621977,-78.621877,-78.621788,-78.621689,-78.621629,-78.621407,-78.62117,-78.620922,-78.620379,-78.620206,-78.619916,-78.619765,-78.619397,-78.619164,-78.618973,-78.618362,-78.617792,-78.617561,-78.617336,-78.616788,-78.616615,-78.615781,-78.615631,-78.615448,-78.61503,-78.614665,-78.614498,-78.614377,-78.614268,-78.614183,-78.614104,-78.614035,-78.613842,-78.613772,-78.613685,-78.613268,-78.61294,-78.612532,-78.612439,-78.612363,-78.612316,-78.612284,-78.612266,-78.612262,-78.612272,-78.612276,-78.612277,-78.612263,-78.612249,-78.612244,-78.612227,-78.612199,-78.612145,-78.612073,-78.612022,-78.611718,-78.611662,-78.611237,-78.611081,-78.610884,-78.610792,-78.610239,-78.610163,-78.610109,-78.609899,-78.609677,-78.609483,-78.609276,-78.608796,-78.608525,-78.607807,-78.607099,-78.606488,-78.605712,-78.605676,-78.605511,-78.605194,-78.605054,-78.604953,-78.604796,-78.604328,-78.603706,-78.603604,-78.603439,-78.603179,-78.603085,-78.602976,-78.602897,-78.602812,-78.602668,-78.602611,-78.60254,-78.602459,-78.602388,-78.602312,-78.602184,-78.602063,-78.601985,-78.601749,-78.601566,-78.601139,-78.601033,-78.600944,-78.600832,-78.60072,-78.600611,-78.60029,-78.599756,-78.599466,-78.599189,-78.598791,-78.598341,-78.59815,-78.597237,-78.597007,-78.596624,-78.596256,-78.595789,-78.595001,-78.5946,-78.593503,-78.593327,-78.592567,-78.592447,-78.59224,-78.591624,-78.591387,-78.590836,-78.589966,-78.588751,-78.587823,-78.587695,-78.586403,-78.586246,-78.58613,-78.586028,-78.585954,-78.585871,-78.585722,-78.585579,-78.585264,-78.584747,-78.584679,-78.584537,-78.583356,-78.582541,-78.582461,-78.582345,-78.582004,-78.581347,-78.581137,-78.580916,-78.580607,-78.5794,-78.578368,-78.576994,-78.576154,-78.576023,-78.575899,-78.575754,-78.575673,-78.57559,-78.575085,-78.574896,-78.57471,-78.574152,-78.573097,-78.571306,-78.570697,-78.570361,-78.570184,-78.570071,-78.569373,-78.569212,-78.569088,-78.568998,-78.568936,-78.568748,-78.568574,-78.568045,-78.567884,-78.567671,-78.567074,-78.565943,-78.565519,-78.564763,-78.564567,-78.56413,-78.563659,-78.56286,-78.562437,-78.560567,-78.559915,-78.55944,-78.558718,-78.558541,-78.558399,-78.558247,-78.558119,-78.557953,-78.557431,-78.557192,-78.557014,-78.556798,-78.556409,-78.555747,-78.555546,-78.555493,-78.555286,-78.555224,-78.555069,-78.55494,-78.554832,-78.55475,-78.554612,-78.554502,-78.554193,-78.553809,-78.553613,-78.553373,-78.553195,-78.552985,-78.552784,-78.552306,-78.552159,-78.551679,-78.551446,-78.550856,-78.550726,-78.550123,-78.549578,-78.549032,-78.548172,-78.547898,-78.547558,-78.547327,-78.546686,-78.545908,-78.544869,-78.544566,-78.543595,-78.542799,-78.542099,-78.541453,-78.53882,-78.538613,-78.53836,-78.538163,-78.537926,-78.537296,-78.536555,-78.536094,-78.535902,-78.535753,-78.535362,-78.534408,-78.534202,-78.534044,-78.533856,-78.533679,-78.533326,-78.533101,-78.533015,-78.532609,-78.532304,-78.532178,-78.532042,-78.531898,-78.531614,-78.531431,-78.531032,-78.530953,-78.530913,-78.530503,-78.53042,-78.53035,-78.530272,-78.529253,-78.528367,-78.527999,-78.52565,-78.525347,-78.525218,-78.525115,-78.52502,-78.524935,-78.524014,-78.522615,-78.521991,-78.521783,-78.521402,-78.520895,-78.520425,-78.519847,-78.519799,-78.519656,-78.51911,-78.518893,-78.518627,-78.51834,-78.517925,-78.51754,-78.51739,-78.517002,-78.516695,-78.516156,-78.516017,-78.515833,-78.515679,-78.515478,-78.515097,-78.514898,-78.51445,-78.514116,-78.513792,-78.513358,-78.513299,-78.513166,-78.512987,-78.512855,-78.512364,-78.511877,-78.511573,-78.511448,-78.51086,-78.510441,-78.509763,-78.509416,-78.509294,-78.509205,-78.509079,-78.508988,-78.508815,-78.508381,-78.507861,-78.507619,-78.50759,-78.507479,-78.507374,-78.507108,-78.506179,-78.505751,-78.505547,-78.505388,-78.505159,-78.504767,-78.504372,-78.50385,-78.503594,-78.503517,-78.503367,-78.503152,-78.502531,-78.50227,-78.502209,-78.502003,-78.501673,-78.501145,-78.500849,-78.500478,-78.500149,-78.499892,-78.4996,-78.499313,-78.499007,-78.498696,-78.498293,-78.497837,-78.497535,-78.497031,-78.496776,-78.496461,-78.496031,-78.495578,-78.49546,-78.495326,-78.495047,-78.494824,-78.49447,-78.494301,-78.494093,-78.493615,-78.492901,-78.49221,-78.491941,-78.49138,-78.491227,-78.491111,-78.491049,-78.490972,-78.490928,-78.490905,-78.490775,-78.490783,-78.490774,-78.490748,-78.49072,-78.490393,-78.490213,-78.489511,-78.488692,-78.487929,-78.487616,-78.487368,-78.487244,-78.487082,-78.486996,-78.4869,-78.486837,-78.486779,-78.486736,-78.486687,-78.486631,-78.486615,-78.486573,-78.486549,-78.48651,-78.48627,-78.486199,-78.486146,-78.485975,-78.4859,-78.485706,-78.485413,-78.485309,-78.485247,-78.485143,-78.485098,-78.485,-78.484868,-78.484757,-78.484459,-78.484163,-78.483803,-78.483521,-78.483001,-78.482163,-78.481747,-78.481612,-78.481508,-78.481394,-78.481305,-78.480392,-78.480312,-78.480108,-78.479951,-78.479738,-78.479628,-78.479409,-78.479187,-78.479018,-78.47866,-78.478444,-78.478145,-78.477659,-78.477489,-78.477094,-78.476871,-78.476596,-78.47625,-78.475886,-78.475627,-78.474973,-78.474221,-78.474167,-78.474138,-78.474104,-78.474075,-78.474039,-78.474002,-78.473955,-78.473831,-78.473734,-78.47365,-78.473477,-78.473445,-78.473333,-78.47327,-78.473039,-78.472985,-78.472953,-78.472845,-78.472618,-78.472562,-78.472225,-78.472032,-78.471969,-78.471934,-78.471792,-78.471718,-78.47148,-78.471363,-78.471293,-78.471205,-78.471017,-78.470969,-78.47092,-78.470758,-78.470712,-78.47059,-78.470521,-78.470492,-78.470452,-78.470437,-78.470422,-78.470421,-78.470464,-78.470466,-78.470456,-78.470449,-78.470451,-78.470424,-78.47036,-78.470228,-78.470165,-78.470157,-78.470131,-78.470125,-78.470069,-78.469947,-78.469873,-78.469826,-78.469787,-78.469735,-78.469712,-78.469681,-78.469625,-78.46957,-78.469501,-78.469424,-78.469207,-78.469123,-78.469082,-78.469043,-78.46901,-78.468925,-78.468819,-78.46875,-78.468698,-78.468654,-78.468593,-78.468568,-78.468566,-78.468577,-78.468589,-78.468595,-78.468615,-78.468628,-78.468638,-78.468703,-78.468721,-78.468717,-78.46872,-78.468706,-78.468671,-78.46866,-78.468651,-78.468642,-78.468624,-78.468625,-78.468651,-78.468737,-78.46876,-78.468815,-78.468828,-78.468849,-78.468862,-78.468885,-78.468912,-78.468936,-78.468956,-78.468971,-78.468979,-78.46904,-78.469072,-78.469097,-78.469097,-78.469092,-78.469094,-78.469071,-78.469,-78.468943,-78.468936,-78.468884,-78.468827,-78.468795,-78.468748,-78.468652,-78.468575,-78.468493,-78.468409,-78.468369,-78.468033,-78.46799,-78.467863,-78.467779,-78.467764,-78.467795,-78.468477,-78.469133,-78.472927,-78.473411,-78.476588,-78.480584,-78.481008,-78.484381,-78.487908,-78.487996,-78.488052,-78.488578,-78.488736,-78.48882,-78.490124,-78.490566,-78.490771,-78.491345,-78.491455,-78.491801,-78.493726,-78.494996,-78.495478,-78.49657,-78.496659,-78.498269,-78.498394,-78.498416,-78.498783,-78.498855,-78.498612,-78.498075,-78.497114,-78.496344,-78.495388,-78.495331,-78.495431,-78.495788,-78.496601,-78.497537,-78.497714,-78.49954,-78.501537,-78.505516,-78.50874,-78.509093,-78.51048,-78.511991,-78.512848,-78.515701,-78.520337,-78.523389,-78.525543,-78.530322,-78.534859,-78.536571,-78.537727,-78.539267,-78.540593,-78.541393,-78.542249,-78.542418,-78.54272,-78.543262,-78.543661,-78.544047,-78.544774,-78.545573,-78.546543,-78.547256,-78.54797,-78.548854,-78.550138,-78.550638,-78.552263,-78.555101,-78.555694,-78.556713,-78.557089,-78.557854,-78.558781,-78.559608,-78.560307,-78.560948,-78.562674,-78.56507,-78.568449,-78.568693,-78.568789,-78.569416,-78.570146,-78.571158,-78.571237,-78.572243,-78.573155,-78.573711,-78.57388,-78.574082,-78.574886,-78.575259,-78.576014,-78.576605,-78.577932,-78.57883,-78.579028,-78.579499,-78.580227,-78.580797,-78.58141,-78.582152,-78.583079,-78.584406,-78.584832,-78.585448,-78.586118,-78.586977,-78.587373,-78.588514,-78.589385,-78.590426,-78.591029,-78.591511,-78.593394,-78.59485,-78.597317,-78.600997,-78.605434,-78.607131,-78.609613,-78.612023,-78.613919,-78.61563,-78.616798,-78.618422,-78.619164,-78.62053,-78.622311,-78.62395,-78.625489,-78.626658,-78.627997,-78.629193,-78.631001,-78.632297,-78.633821,-78.63526,-78.637639,-78.639363,-78.640531,-78.64167,-78.642722,-78.643702,-78.643918,-78.643923,-78.645226,-78.645809,-78.646102,-78.646244,-78.646377,-78.646583,-78.646916,-78.647146,-78.647221,-78.64733,-78.647614,-78.647972,-78.648029,-78.648237,-78.648311,-78.648345,-78.648463,-78.649118,-78.64997,-78.650377,-78.650872,-78.651132,-78.651381,-78.651799,-78.652162,-78.652578,-78.652897,-78.653189,-78.653461,-78.653769,-78.654098,-78.654171,-78.6542,-78.654241,-78.654379,-78.65455,-78.654702,-78.654977,-78.655307,-78.655856,-78.656241,-78.656523,-78.656784,-78.657107,-78.657388,-78.657662,-78.657976,-78.65801,-78.658228,-78.658275,-78.658294,-78.658272,-78.658283,-78.658311,-78.658344,-78.658409,-78.65842,-78.658435,-78.658578,-78.658777,-78.659045,-78.659326,-78.659615,-78.659897,-78.660151,-78.660598,-78.661017,-78.661223,-78.66145,-78.661697,-78.661993,-78.662295,-78.662383,-78.662694,-78.663272,-78.663836,-78.66451,-78.665617,-78.665686,-78.666683,-78.667123,-78.667308,-78.66768,-78.667996,-78.668298,-78.66856,-78.668862,-78.669316,-78.669688,-78.670514,-78.671233,-78.671368,-78.671877,-78.672373,-78.672911,-78.673448,-78.673785,-78.674405,-78.67477,-78.675258,-78.675732,-78.675907,-78.676039,-78.676124,-78.67653,-78.676567,-78.676991,-78.677589,-78.67792,-78.678099,-78.67832,-78.678479,-78.67883,-78.679202,-78.679406,-78.679621,-78.679848,-78.680337,-78.680754,-78.680866,-78.68152,-78.682401,-78.683117,-78.683909,-78.684453,-78.685052,-78.685549,-78.685783,-78.685887,-78.686087,-78.686124,-78.686172,-78.68616,-78.686148,-78.686088,-78.685986,-78.685843,-78.685514,-78.685281,-78.684905,-78.684597,-78.684372,-78.684263,-78.684264,-78.684341,-78.684452,-78.684515,-78.684558,-78.684578,-78.684565,-78.684525,-78.684417,-78.684308,-78.684205,-78.684144,-78.684145,-78.684166,-78.684084,-78.683893,-78.683633,-78.68351,-78.683463,-78.683518,-78.683574,-78.683782,-78.684017,-78.68421,-78.684362,-78.684521,-78.684583,-78.684708,-78.684757,-78.684745,-78.684678,-78.684514,-78.684288,-78.684117,-78.683954,-78.683721,-78.683406,-78.683104,-78.682603,-78.681984,-78.681675,-78.681083,-78.680189,-78.679234,-78.678525,-78.677948,-78.677225,-78.67653,-78.675941,-78.675379,-78.675332,-78.675042,-78.67478,-78.674705,-78.674038,-78.673253,-78.672441,-78.671651,-78.671025,-78.670606,-78.670324,-78.669747,-78.669437,-78.669307,-78.669169,-78.668929,-78.668544,-78.668097,-78.667747,-78.667576,-78.667459,-78.667439,-78.667454,-78.667427,-78.667455,-78.667586,-78.667708,-78.667803,-78.668144,-78.668482,-78.668785,-78.668846,-78.668915,-78.669094,-78.669418,-78.669523,-78.669715,-78.669942,-78.67021,-78.670527,-78.670864,-78.67105,-78.671173,-78.671965,-78.67202,-78.672029,-78.672872,-78.672984,-78.673289,-78.673502,-78.673907,-78.674299,-78.674761,-78.674909,-78.67516,-78.675243,-78.675718,-78.676139,-78.676518,-78.676869,-78.677228,-78.677524,-78.677904,-78.678194,-78.678531,-78.678938,-78.679289,-78.679661,-78.680033,-78.680474,-78.680851,-78.680965,-78.680998,-78.68103,-78.681356,-78.681444,-78.681742,-78.682067,-78.68219,-78.682438,-78.682597,-78.68277,-78.682839,-78.68284,-78.682861,-78.682943,-78.682951,-78.683038,-78.683111,-78.683254,-78.683667,-78.684109,-78.684145,-78.684307,-78.685016,-78.685786,-78.686549,-78.687038,-78.687096,-78.68756,-78.688315,-78.6892,-78.68979,-78.690057,-78.690242,-78.690517,-78.690798,-78.690848,-78.691238,-78.69148,-78.691651,-78.692009,-78.692366,-78.692584,-78.69271,-78.693129,-78.693336,-78.693392,-78.693358,-78.693106,-78.69271,-78.692163,-78.691717,-78.691353,-78.690825,-78.690537,-78.690338,-78.690016,-78.689667,-78.689366,-78.689077,-78.688404,-78.687845,-78.687821,-78.687429,-78.687161,-78.686906,-78.686631,-78.686253,-78.685594,-78.685216,-78.684789,-78.684287,-78.684047,-78.683607,-78.682928,-78.682571,-78.682441,-78.682379,-78.682414,-78.682663,-78.682986,-78.683204,-78.683365,-78.683792,-78.684019,-78.684069,-78.684121,-78.68415,-78.684295,-78.684522,-78.684715,-78.684742,-78.684991,-78.685349,-78.68568,-78.686025,-78.686265,-78.686568,-78.686885,-78.687071,-78.687202,-78.687299,-78.687389,-78.687566,-78.68759,-78.687804,-78.688093,-78.688218,-78.688321,-78.688439,-78.688447,-78.68842,-78.688283,-78.688221,-78.688222,-78.688298,-78.688498,-78.688974,-78.689004,-78.689279,-78.689409,-78.689411,-78.689438,-78.689445,-78.689482,-78.689778,-78.689811,-78.689987,-78.690918,-78.691409,-78.691501,-78.691524,-78.693022,-78.693046,-78.693151,-78.693212,-78.6933,-78.693462,-78.69443,-78.694603,-78.695231,-78.697125,-78.697416,-78.698094,-78.698905,-78.700901,-78.702257,-78.70664,-78.708046,-78.708638,-78.709018,-78.712079,-78.71304,-78.713065,-78.71615,-78.717323,-78.717596,-78.718063,-78.718964,-78.72053,-78.72097,-78.721301,-78.721771,-78.722294,-78.722711,-78.723828,-78.725236,-78.725821,-78.725856,-78.725865,-78.725983,-78.726032,-78.726791,-78.727047,-78.727769,-78.72937,-78.730265,-78.730436,-78.73083,-78.730857,-78.730987,-78.732092,-78.732117,-78.73223,-78.732442,-78.732467,-78.732514,-78.732553,-78.732585,-78.73395,-78.734107,-78.737817,-78.738945,-78.740025,-78.740231,-78.741237,-78.741335,-78.742067,-78.742418,-78.748147,-78.749207,-78.749277,-78.750355,-78.751059,-78.751173,-78.753516,-78.755398,-78.756077,-78.756977,-78.757272,-78.758457,-78.759093,-78.759276,-78.759561,-78.759765,-78.76014,-78.760272,-78.760379,-78.760299],"lat":[37.914372,37.914459,37.914556,37.915294,37.915363,37.915459,37.915542,37.915746,37.915894,37.91603,37.916283,37.916388,37.916464,37.916532,37.916799,37.91686,37.916932,37.916996,37.917705,37.917725,37.91813,37.918211,37.918318,37.918725,37.919133,37.919177,37.919216,37.91927,37.919294,37.919371,37.919452,37.919532,37.919618,37.91974,37.920267,37.920276,37.92032,37.920397,37.920528,37.92054,37.920536,37.920522,37.92049,37.920452,37.920408,37.920363,37.920345,37.919944,37.919902,37.919858,37.919787,37.919733,37.919681,37.919651,37.919642,37.919648,37.919668,37.919702,37.919851,37.919938,37.919978,37.920181,37.920241,37.920309,37.920498,37.920521,37.92053,37.920525,37.920507,37.920477,37.9203,37.920267,37.920244,37.920234,37.920243,37.920268,37.920404,37.920416,37.920411,37.920393,37.920356,37.920315,37.920268,37.919962,37.919899,37.919851,37.919797,37.919752,37.919693,37.919637,37.919571,37.919499,37.919421,37.919264,37.919107,37.918982,37.918852,37.91877,37.91868,37.918626,37.918598,37.918583,37.918583,37.918596,37.918648,37.918836,37.918903,37.919138,37.919229,37.919329,37.919415,37.919527,37.919605,37.919665,37.919961,37.920073,37.920182,37.920294,37.920338,37.920384,37.920418,37.920436,37.920436,37.920419,37.920389,37.920361,37.920347,37.92035,37.920367,37.920396,37.920436,37.920514,37.920594,37.920833,37.920918,37.920983,37.921045,37.921114,37.921266,37.921309,37.921341,37.921362,37.921368,37.921365,37.921296,37.921269,37.921223,37.921166,37.920945,37.920911,37.920888,37.920879,37.920887,37.920908,37.92094,37.921003,37.921058,37.921452,37.921543,37.921612,37.921655,37.921714,37.921754,37.921794,37.921825,37.921831,37.921831,37.921817,37.92179,37.921693,37.921679,37.92168,37.921741,37.92175,37.921747,37.921734,37.921627,37.921572,37.921545,37.921504,37.921452,37.921403,37.921017,37.920936,37.920866,37.920808,37.92077,37.920617,37.920593,37.920583,37.920588,37.920606,37.9207,37.920711,37.920705,37.920678,37.920619,37.920612,37.920604,37.920615,37.920606,37.920576,37.920484,37.920481,37.920466,37.920466,37.920578,37.920623,37.920683,37.920758,37.920968,37.921033,37.921098,37.921358,37.92139,37.921411,37.921418,37.921465,37.921495,37.921535,37.921669,37.9217,37.921742,37.921792,37.922074,37.92212,37.92216,37.922194,37.922226,37.922245,37.92225,37.922233,37.922213,37.922179,37.922127,37.922082,37.922066,37.921998,37.92196,37.92191,37.92185,37.921682,37.921595,37.921502,37.921429,37.921378,37.921326,37.921148,37.92105,37.921037,37.921036,37.921049,37.9211,37.921201,37.921234,37.92128,37.921306,37.921315,37.921312,37.921294,37.921271,37.92115,37.92112,37.921102,37.921102,37.92122,37.921236,37.921322,37.92132,37.921298,37.921296,37.921309,37.921329,37.921364,37.921411,37.92167,37.921701,37.921717,37.921725,37.921721,37.921704,37.921674,37.921553,37.921441,37.921406,37.921342,37.921298,37.921259,37.92124,37.921218,37.921212,37.921233,37.921257,37.921285,37.921382,37.921388,37.92138,37.921364,37.92134,37.921317,37.921245,37.921186,37.921075,37.921035,37.920904,37.920547,37.920475,37.920411,37.92027,37.9202,37.920142,37.919996,37.919926,37.91986,37.919694,37.91961,37.91951,37.919102,37.918965,37.918881,37.91881,37.918773,37.918723,37.918704,37.918675,37.918655,37.918615,37.918561,37.918506,37.918431,37.918343,37.918249,37.918148,37.918034,37.917713,37.917555,37.917414,37.91732,37.917272,37.917178,37.917117,37.916738,37.916301,37.916217,37.916026,37.915969,37.915905,37.915811,37.915764,37.915735,37.91571,37.9157,37.9157,37.915675,37.915637,37.915584,37.915533,37.915456,37.915368,37.915219,37.915023,37.914899,37.914744,37.914648,37.914288,37.913925,37.913813,37.913663,37.913503,37.912843,37.912407,37.911716,37.911545,37.911403,37.911297,37.911183,37.911111,37.909728,37.909638,37.909556,37.909471,37.909402,37.909038,37.908989,37.908928,37.908872,37.908123,37.907551,37.906753,37.906063,37.905528,37.905054,37.9049,37.904841,37.904735,37.904623,37.904184,37.904012,37.903545,37.903427,37.90312,37.902677,37.902472,37.902381,37.90164,37.901334,37.901024,37.900748,37.900692,37.900475,37.900011,37.899346,37.898917,37.898171,37.898044,37.898015,37.897795,37.897057,37.896603,37.896568,37.896549,37.896537,37.896539,37.896559,37.896592,37.896637,37.897004,37.897032,37.897047,37.897045,37.89703,37.897001,37.896971,37.896949,37.896868,37.896686,37.896582,37.896485,37.896373,37.895936,37.895451,37.895365,37.895282,37.895204,37.89516,37.895102,37.895051,37.895013,37.894988,37.894977,37.894982,37.89499,37.895012,37.895049,37.8951,37.895162,37.895291,37.895417,37.895638,37.895837,37.896101,37.896309,37.896392,37.897367,37.897474,37.897573,37.897662,37.897725,37.897793,37.898001,37.898425,37.898749,37.898822,37.898905,37.899024,37.899183,37.89982,37.900019,37.900089,37.900158,37.900182,37.900234,37.900359,37.900372,37.900384,37.900404,37.900432,37.90048,37.900723,37.900945,37.901125,37.901246,37.901347,37.901406,37.901432,37.901514,37.901762,37.902927,37.903309,37.904189,37.904751,37.905081,37.905232,37.905475,37.905605,37.905717,37.905952,37.906044,37.906672,37.906845,37.906906,37.907007,37.907243,37.907286,37.907376,37.907427,37.90778,37.907887,37.907981,37.908016,37.908031,37.908312,37.90835,37.908373,37.908376,37.90837,37.908356,37.908325,37.908282,37.908176,37.908083,37.907665,37.907355,37.907285,37.907217,37.907163,37.907115,37.907079,37.907061,37.907026,37.907037,37.907036,37.907036,37.907032,37.90701,37.906989,37.906938,37.906933,37.906949,37.907005,37.907015,37.907016,37.906983,37.906995,37.907021,37.90706,37.907185,37.907292,37.907416,37.907488,37.907852,37.907886,37.907932,37.90795,37.90797,37.908061,37.908143,37.90823,37.908286,37.908992,37.909127,37.909429,37.909529,37.909644,37.909729,37.909934,37.910004,37.910084,37.910171,37.910224,37.910876,37.910963,37.911065,37.91116,37.911212,37.911527,37.911625,37.911695,37.911773,37.9118,37.911917,37.912156,37.912201,37.912318,37.91236,37.912415,37.91251,37.912556,37.91267,37.913062,37.913259,37.913756,37.913839,37.913953,37.914051,37.914215,37.914575,37.914679,37.914801,37.914869,37.914986,37.915321,37.915382,37.915473,37.915559,37.915653,37.915753,37.916078,37.916156,37.916226,37.916275,37.916815,37.9169,37.916973,37.917032,37.917052,37.917105,37.917229,37.917266,37.917326,37.917372,37.917474,37.917566,37.917644,37.917684,37.917798,37.917846,37.918012,37.918343,37.918398,37.918475,37.919229,37.919681,37.919749,37.919841,37.919893,37.919923,37.919948,37.920158,37.920181,37.920198,37.920203,37.920195,37.920174,37.920138,37.920089,37.920061,37.919986,37.919343,37.919107,37.918971,37.918764,37.91869,37.918627,37.918575,37.918536,37.918514,37.918268,37.91817,37.91812,37.918116,37.918127,37.918153,37.918184,37.918195,37.918194,37.918179,37.918158,37.918107,37.918101,37.918086,37.918086,37.91791,37.91784,37.917771,37.917733,37.917671,37.91762,37.917581,37.91736,37.917054,37.91684,37.916769,37.91667,37.916319,37.916251,37.916184,37.916129,37.916097,37.916072,37.916065,37.916063,37.916067,37.916083,37.916113,37.916155,37.916365,37.916485,37.916724,37.916829,37.916968,37.917027,37.917507,37.917574,37.917617,37.917646,37.917662,37.917663,37.917653,37.917587,37.917519,37.917437,37.917406,37.917372,37.917341,37.91708,37.916971,37.916678,37.916553,37.916497,37.916194,37.916111,37.916012,37.91581,37.915702,37.91556,37.915383,37.915233,37.914468,37.913982,37.913417,37.913038,37.912788,37.912084,37.911953,37.911819,37.911686,37.911169,37.911064,37.910738,37.910632,37.91052,37.910413,37.910325,37.909935,37.909839,37.909769,37.909701,37.90966,37.909513,37.909375,37.909249,37.908982,37.908904,37.908783,37.90873,37.9086,37.908534,37.908491,37.908374,37.908285,37.908232,37.908166,37.907955,37.907899,37.907655,37.907604,37.907527,37.90733,37.907159,37.907065,37.906979,37.906882,37.90679,37.906685,37.906564,37.906112,37.905989,37.905874,37.905443,37.905069,37.904605,37.904478,37.904344,37.904242,37.904123,37.904009,37.90361,37.903052,37.902842,37.902112,37.901387,37.899943,37.899417,37.899313,37.899209,37.899082,37.898961,37.898892,37.898518,37.898433,37.89773,37.897509,37.897264,37.897151,37.896493,37.896393,37.896322,37.896078,37.895846,37.895663,37.89549,37.895144,37.894966,37.894467,37.893911,37.893501,37.892954,37.892925,37.892792,37.892578,37.892509,37.892474,37.892435,37.892381,37.892299,37.892282,37.892242,37.892152,37.892109,37.892044,37.891984,37.8919,37.891713,37.891655,37.891607,37.89157,37.891551,37.891545,37.891548,37.891565,37.891583,37.891676,37.891767,37.89196,37.891991,37.892005,37.892011,37.892001,37.891977,37.891847,37.891648,37.891527,37.891404,37.89121,37.890996,37.890895,37.890467,37.890342,37.890165,37.889972,37.889763,37.889371,37.889187,37.888695,37.888594,37.888057,37.887989,37.887884,37.887616,37.887534,37.887371,37.887124,37.886792,37.886521,37.886485,37.886122,37.886066,37.886025,37.88598,37.885936,37.885872,37.88571,37.885538,37.8851,37.884422,37.88435,37.884213,37.883299,37.882643,37.882574,37.882489,37.882275,37.881849,37.881729,37.881621,37.88149,37.881078,37.880646,37.880035,37.879652,37.879579,37.8795,37.879391,37.879321,37.879242,37.878777,37.878615,37.878488,37.878151,37.877541,37.876536,37.876187,37.876013,37.875934,37.875891,37.875647,37.875568,37.87549,37.87542,37.875363,37.875148,37.874926,37.874335,37.874171,37.873974,37.873471,37.872554,37.8722,37.871553,37.871386,37.870982,37.870556,37.869798,37.869421,37.86767,37.867089,37.866674,37.866072,37.86594,37.865859,37.865791,37.865746,37.865702,37.865587,37.865524,37.865465,37.865381,37.865199,37.864912,37.864829,37.86488,37.86502,37.864933,37.864999,37.865037,37.865058,37.865067,37.865071,37.865064,37.865019,37.86495,37.864904,37.864834,37.864771,37.864682,37.864579,37.864308,37.864216,37.863909,37.863765,37.863401,37.863316,37.862926,37.862589,37.862299,37.861837,37.861726,37.86161,37.861543,37.861388,37.861233,37.861008,37.860933,37.860705,37.860537,37.860402,37.860261,37.859635,37.859582,37.859503,37.85943,37.859326,37.859016,37.858707,37.858514,37.858428,37.858369,37.858216,37.857821,37.85773,37.857649,37.857536,37.857412,37.857148,37.85696,37.856882,37.856559,37.856345,37.856272,37.856212,37.856164,37.856091,37.856054,37.855986,37.855961,37.855941,37.856363,37.856454,37.856497,37.85652,37.856581,37.856615,37.856635,37.856761,37.856762,37.856744,37.856714,37.856671,37.856618,37.855837,37.854638,37.85413,37.853959,37.853635,37.853205,37.852811,37.852343,37.852304,37.85218,37.851704,37.851541,37.851341,37.85114,37.850844,37.850549,37.850428,37.850137,37.849907,37.849484,37.849393,37.84929,37.849217,37.849136,37.848991,37.848914,37.848726,37.848551,37.848365,37.848088,37.848045,37.847948,37.847797,37.847669,37.847164,37.846625,37.846323,37.846204,37.845664,37.845292,37.844692,37.84439,37.844232,37.844105,37.843902,37.843731,37.843449,37.84273,37.842111,37.841849,37.841821,37.841712,37.841621,37.841362,37.8405,37.840075,37.839888,37.839756,37.83959,37.839279,37.838942,37.838573,37.838398,37.838342,37.838236,37.838105,37.837679,37.837489,37.837449,37.837315,37.837083,37.83672,37.836508,37.836262,37.836053,37.835879,37.835689,37.83549,37.835263,37.835042,37.834737,37.834416,37.834224,37.833868,37.8337,37.833519,37.833252,37.83301,37.83294,37.83286,37.832707,37.832577,37.832392,37.832323,37.832251,37.832088,37.83187,37.831643,37.831548,37.831364,37.831332,37.831318,37.831316,37.831313,37.831323,37.831336,37.831208,37.831239,37.83127,37.831294,37.831306,37.831368,37.831385,37.831432,37.831492,37.83156,37.8316,37.831647,37.831677,37.831739,37.831781,37.831845,37.8319,37.831972,37.832051,37.832187,37.832442,37.832567,37.832981,37.833115,37.833235,37.833701,37.833854,37.83401,37.834679,37.834864,37.835288,37.83603,37.836209,37.836296,37.83641,37.836453,37.836517,37.836588,37.836636,37.836737,37.836851,37.836976,37.837064,37.837192,37.837359,37.837407,37.837443,37.837487,37.837556,37.837628,37.838489,37.838564,37.838731,37.838849,37.83899,37.839058,37.83918,37.839292,37.839369,37.839511,37.839579,37.83966,37.839768,37.839794,37.83983,37.839844,37.839846,37.839839,37.839814,37.83979,37.839742,37.839693,37.839689,37.839613,37.839477,37.839412,37.839276,37.839175,37.839077,37.83889,37.838773,37.838687,37.838527,37.838504,37.838395,37.838348,37.838136,37.83808,37.838057,37.837944,37.83768,37.837626,37.837253,37.837013,37.836919,37.836855,37.836635,37.836502,37.835967,37.83574,37.835574,37.835338,37.834717,37.834581,37.834483,37.834236,37.834176,37.833989,37.83386,37.833793,37.833654,37.833585,37.833445,37.833375,37.832992,37.832922,37.832852,37.832748,37.832713,37.832572,37.83244,37.832179,37.832011,37.831977,37.831911,37.831877,37.831743,37.831553,37.831424,37.831325,37.831224,37.831055,37.830917,37.830814,37.830718,37.830662,37.830615,37.830576,37.830526,37.830488,37.830474,37.830455,37.83043,37.830348,37.830232,37.83014,37.830044,37.829945,37.829741,37.829529,37.829319,37.829216,37.829184,37.829115,37.829014,37.828981,37.828912,37.828604,37.828428,37.828286,37.828251,37.82811,37.827902,37.827868,37.827799,37.827765,37.827585,37.827375,37.827201,37.826823,37.826756,37.826551,37.826482,37.826162,37.82563,37.825458,37.825355,37.825289,37.825259,37.825226,37.825192,37.825064,37.824962,37.824821,37.824734,37.8247,37.824559,37.824455,37.824214,37.824044,37.824009,37.823912,37.82382,37.823797,37.823737,37.823667,37.823631,37.823601,37.823577,37.823561,37.823475,37.82347,37.823441,37.823417,37.823414,37.823377,37.822604,37.821873,37.81764,37.817097,37.813564,37.809004,37.808521,37.804676,37.80083,37.800735,37.800674,37.800099,37.799927,37.799836,37.798417,37.797935,37.797588,37.796956,37.796963,37.796939,37.796177,37.795672,37.795192,37.794109,37.794018,37.791231,37.790755,37.790674,37.789272,37.786962,37.784663,37.782823,37.779544,37.77652,37.772443,37.769329,37.767642,37.766,37.764369,37.763302,37.7631,37.761594,37.76053,37.758956,37.757993,37.757892,37.757494,37.757323,37.757222,37.757437,37.758059,37.758047,37.758217,37.759427,37.761589,37.762302,37.762438,37.76255,37.762684,37.762765,37.762957,37.76301,37.763104,37.76333,37.763466,37.763693,37.763941,37.763998,37.763907,37.763759,37.763634,37.763611,37.763554,37.763492,37.763293,37.762805,37.7627,37.762521,37.762424,37.762226,37.761852,37.761342,37.760866,37.760627,37.760275,37.759515,37.75829,37.758194,37.758157,37.757909,37.757621,37.757394,37.757389,37.757326,37.757155,37.756849,37.756761,37.756656,37.75641,37.7563,37.756042,37.755839,37.755272,37.754875,37.754755,37.754467,37.754206,37.754047,37.754046,37.754182,37.754362,37.754599,37.754659,37.754746,37.754757,37.754756,37.754756,37.754755,37.754834,37.755048,37.755243,37.755398,37.75602,37.756234,37.756232,37.756218,37.756497,37.756575,37.75655,37.756321,37.755798,37.75497,37.754221,37.752872,37.752207,37.750945,37.749867,37.749095,37.748527,37.748005,37.747075,37.746043,37.744059,37.742858,37.741859,37.741235,37.7401,37.739214,37.738273,37.73715,37.735598,37.733717,37.733084,37.733071,37.73277,37.732635,37.732631,37.732656,37.73268,37.732724,37.732758,37.732779,37.732786,37.732781,37.732769,37.732741,37.732736,37.73272,37.732715,37.732712,37.732703,37.732593,37.732445,37.732364,37.732235,37.732177,37.732153,37.73209,37.732019,37.731814,37.731625,37.731362,37.73093,37.73028,37.729641,37.729462,37.72939,37.729369,37.729297,37.729259,37.729297,37.729329,37.729356,37.729377,37.729447,37.729507,37.729507,37.729435,37.729069,37.728299,37.727447,37.727299,37.72635,37.725869,37.725242,37.724352,37.724131,37.723582,37.723433,37.723132,37.72308,37.723062,37.722878,37.722758,37.722714,37.722664,37.722642,37.722647,37.722657,37.722662,37.722689,37.722678,37.722667,37.722661,37.722682,37.722747,37.72278,37.722894,37.723101,37.723286,37.723503,37.723928,37.723954,37.724319,37.724482,37.724511,37.724568,37.724584,37.7246,37.724644,37.724752,37.725049,37.725292,37.725885,37.726464,37.726572,37.727008,37.727569,37.728202,37.728638,37.72891,37.729362,37.729569,37.729727,37.729813,37.729837,37.729855,37.729867,37.729992,37.730006,37.730166,37.730471,37.730798,37.731021,37.731583,37.731812,37.732074,37.732275,37.732341,37.732411,37.732487,37.73259,37.732732,37.732769,37.733107,37.733608,37.734065,37.734664,37.735198,37.735863,37.736419,37.736817,37.73709,37.737505,37.737821,37.73823,37.738962,37.739808,37.74049,37.740987,37.741369,37.741763,37.742178,37.74291,37.743653,37.744314,37.744691,37.744991,37.745536,37.746109,37.746524,37.746824,37.746966,37.747212,37.747785,37.748571,37.748811,37.74903,37.749254,37.749592,37.749887,37.750253,37.750717,37.75122,37.751607,37.751891,37.752186,37.752415,37.752982,37.753566,37.753915,37.754122,37.754351,37.75457,37.75517,37.755574,37.756229,37.756807,37.75725,37.757588,37.757889,37.758604,37.759292,37.759729,37.759992,37.760167,37.760181,37.76018,37.760142,37.76004,37.759981,37.759928,37.759831,37.759635,37.759401,37.758907,37.758431,37.758383,37.758088,37.757961,37.757924,37.75768,37.757392,37.757191,37.757067,37.757084,37.757199,37.757254,37.757304,37.757305,37.757272,37.75724,37.757273,37.757372,37.757525,37.757722,37.757919,37.758219,37.758498,37.758858,37.759202,37.759409,37.759644,37.759763,37.759852,37.760085,37.760259,37.760436,37.760471,37.760535,37.7607,37.76106,37.761141,37.761289,37.761436,37.761545,37.761599,37.761669,37.761755,37.761811,37.762223,37.762252,37.762258,37.762815,37.762889,37.763107,37.763259,37.763548,37.763841,37.764185,37.764293,37.764474,37.764534,37.764959,37.76539,37.765706,37.766055,37.766436,37.766872,37.767396,37.767848,37.768252,37.768644,37.768911,37.7692,37.769483,37.769799,37.770069,37.770151,37.770175,37.770202,37.770485,37.770577,37.770889,37.771189,37.771303,37.771597,37.771881,37.77229,37.772535,37.772803,37.772983,37.773156,37.773174,37.773238,37.773292,37.773397,37.773615,37.773773,37.773785,37.773843,37.773968,37.774037,37.774025,37.773975,37.773951,37.773756,37.773324,37.772607,37.771995,37.771569,37.771285,37.771137,37.77106,37.77106,37.771059,37.771059,37.771059,37.771058,37.770948,37.770937,37.770931,37.771002,37.771187,37.771471,37.771869,37.77259,37.773677,37.774846,37.775403,37.775704,37.776043,37.776279,37.776508,37.777196,37.777847,37.778202,37.778448,37.778815,37.779099,37.77911,37.779313,37.779362,37.77933,37.779336,37.77944,37.779589,37.779666,37.779677,37.7797,37.779809,37.780078,37.78057,37.780881,37.781105,37.781324,37.781493,37.781798,37.78206,37.782176,37.782261,37.782408,37.782539,37.782594,37.782653,37.782686,37.782838,37.782974,37.783067,37.78309,37.783301,37.783699,37.784032,37.784178,37.784265,37.784292,37.784379,37.784499,37.784728,37.785104,37.785344,37.785705,37.785753,37.786075,37.786413,37.78662,37.786833,37.787204,37.787422,37.78763,37.787848,37.788067,37.788285,37.788432,37.788623,37.788777,37.788787,37.78882,37.788836,37.788847,37.788953,37.788982,37.789129,37.790299,37.790429,37.791127,37.794931,37.796434,37.796713,37.796782,37.799432,37.799473,37.799653,37.799757,37.799906,37.800182,37.801839,37.802134,37.80321,37.806442,37.80694,37.808098,37.809486,37.812895,37.815212,37.822699,37.825101,37.826111,37.826762,37.831904,37.833517,37.833558,37.838507,37.840273,37.84068,37.841387,37.842743,37.845098,37.84576,37.846258,37.846965,37.847841,37.848543,37.850433,37.852799,37.853781,37.85384,37.853857,37.854062,37.85414,37.855416,37.855847,37.857064,37.859755,37.861262,37.86165,37.862546,37.862606,37.862901,37.865124,37.865174,37.865402,37.865829,37.865879,37.865973,37.866051,37.866116,37.868869,37.869139,37.875491,37.877422,37.87927,37.879628,37.881366,37.881535,37.882798,37.883404,37.893295,37.895124,37.895241,37.897098,37.898316,37.898513,37.902557,37.905806,37.906977,37.90853,37.90904,37.911083,37.912165,37.912477,37.912959,37.913307,37.913941,37.914165,37.914346,37.914372]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.524725,-78.524633,-78.524186,-78.523708,-78.523689,-78.523516,-78.52325,-78.523055,-78.522878,-78.52256,-78.522338,-78.522117,-78.521832,-78.521537,-78.521229,-78.520909,-78.520532,-78.520154,-78.519857,-78.519525,-78.519335,-78.518922,-78.518546,-78.518166,-78.517787,-78.517403,-78.517025,-78.516646,-78.515794,-78.515249,-78.513324,-78.512942,-78.512323,-78.511772,-78.510796,-78.509565,-78.509202,-78.508394,-78.507704,-78.507535,-78.507616,-78.507738,-78.507768,-78.507916,-78.507989,-78.508761,-78.50979,-78.50997,-78.510147,-78.510297,-78.509338,-78.509045,-78.508938,-78.504839,-78.504927,-78.504987,-78.505002,-78.505043,-78.505397,-78.505934,-78.50657,-78.50667,-78.506783,-78.508372,-78.509998,-78.510898,-78.510963,-78.511116,-78.511389,-78.511909,-78.512971,-78.514298,-78.514327,-78.514634,-78.514471,-78.513962,-78.513997,-78.514613,-78.514783,-78.515073,-78.51537,-78.515701,-78.515928,-78.517843,-78.518566,-78.519339,-78.52001,-78.521262,-78.521568,-78.521742,-78.521921,-78.521978,-78.522449,-78.522864,-78.523317,-78.523347,-78.523547,-78.523842,-78.523908,-78.524009,-78.524646,-78.524725],"lat":[38.048299,38.048506,38.049554,38.050656,38.050701,38.051051,38.051495,38.051782,38.052015,38.052388,38.052621,38.052832,38.053084,38.05332,38.053544,38.053756,38.05398,38.054182,38.054326,38.05447,38.054548,38.054701,38.054822,38.054929,38.055021,38.055099,38.055163,38.055217,38.055316,38.055375,38.055597,38.055638,38.055713,38.055774,38.055881,38.056029,38.05608,38.05622,38.056377,38.056417,38.056269,38.056243,38.056186,38.055901,38.055763,38.05427,38.052285,38.051941,38.051596,38.051308,38.050606,38.050395,38.050316,38.047275,38.047154,38.047059,38.047035,38.046969,38.046405,38.045523,38.0451,38.045035,38.044961,38.044558,38.044145,38.043922,38.043904,38.043861,38.043795,38.044049,38.044361,38.044735,38.044742,38.044838,38.044671,38.044182,38.044161,38.044487,38.044564,38.044685,38.044797,38.044907,38.044971,38.045486,38.045679,38.045884,38.046059,38.046393,38.046483,38.046534,38.046602,38.046623,38.046829,38.047023,38.047258,38.047276,38.047396,38.047593,38.04764,38.047712,38.048232,38.048299]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.455048,-78.454946,-78.454732,-78.454657,-78.454643,-78.454618,-78.454536,-78.454505,-78.454476,-78.454414,-78.454351,-78.454324,-78.454286,-78.454266,-78.454246,-78.45414,-78.454071,-78.454019,-78.453992,-78.453947,-78.453917,-78.453816,-78.453759,-78.453741,-78.453688,-78.453622,-78.453514,-78.453442,-78.453355,-78.453285,-78.453189,-78.453076,-78.453035,-78.452962,-78.452831,-78.452767,-78.452677,-78.452565,-78.452493,-78.452435,-78.452397,-78.452341,-78.452288,-78.452239,-78.45218,-78.452117,-78.452096,-78.45207,-78.451994,-78.451911,-78.451891,-78.451855,-78.451766,-78.451663,-78.451532,-78.451441,-78.451389,-78.451364,-78.451278,-78.451141,-78.451103,-78.451056,-78.450988,-78.450919,-78.450824,-78.450748,-78.450674,-78.450656,-78.450551,-78.450333,-78.450062,-78.44994,-78.449818,-78.449692,-78.449596,-78.449545,-78.449472,-78.449394,-78.449307,-78.449215,-78.449129,-78.449057,-78.448975,-78.448892,-78.44881,-78.448734,-78.448651,-78.448562,-78.448492,-78.448407,-78.448331,-78.448257,-78.448166,-78.448118,-78.448038,-78.447948,-78.447911,-78.447831,-78.447718,-78.447599,-78.447529,-78.447504,-78.44748,-78.447421,-78.447326,-78.447302,-78.447317,-78.447307,-78.447265,-78.447234,-78.447203,-78.447159,-78.447125,-78.447112,-78.447088,-78.447039,-78.447006,-78.446982,-78.446943,-78.446946,-78.446937,-78.446907,-78.446883,-78.446855,-78.446831,-78.446802,-78.446768,-78.446739,-78.446704,-78.446686,-78.44668,-78.446641,-78.446597,-78.446567,-78.446544,-78.446513,-78.446495,-78.446495,-78.446526,-78.446523,-78.446514,-78.446488,-78.44646,-78.446443,-78.44643,-78.446393,-78.44636,-78.446349,-78.446333,-78.446322,-78.446308,-78.4463,-78.4463,-78.446309,-78.446332,-78.446515,-78.446548,-78.446576,-78.446578,-78.4466,-78.446679,-78.446738,-78.446793,-78.446832,-78.446855,-78.446949,-78.446997,-78.447057,-78.447095,-78.447125,-78.447147,-78.44715,-78.44716,-78.447179,-78.447184,-78.447188,-78.447209,-78.447217,-78.44721,-78.447234,-78.447247,-78.44725,-78.44725,-78.447253,-78.44727,-78.447297,-78.447306,-78.447313,-78.447325,-78.447322,-78.447338,-78.447356,-78.447369,-78.447385,-78.447398,-78.447398,-78.447412,-78.447436,-78.44744,-78.447447,-78.447454,-78.447453,-78.447488,-78.447496,-78.447509,-78.447505,-78.447537,-78.447561,-78.447563,-78.44757,-78.447564,-78.447568,-78.447567,-78.447588,-78.44759,-78.44758,-78.447554,-78.447547,-78.44751,-78.447518,-78.447518,-78.447507,-78.447546,-78.447548,-78.447529,-78.447526,-78.44749,-78.447546,-78.447542,-78.447553,-78.447563,-78.447547,-78.447573,-78.447581,-78.447641,-78.447652,-78.447697,-78.447725,-78.447782,-78.447808,-78.44785,-78.447888,-78.447926,-78.447968,-78.448015,-78.448079,-78.448145,-78.448201,-78.448259,-78.448304,-78.448397,-78.448459,-78.448502,-78.448563,-78.44864,-78.44871,-78.448753,-78.448796,-78.448801,-78.449038,-78.449082,-78.449138,-78.449174,-78.449214,-78.449415,-78.449526,-78.450123,-78.450762,-78.450945,-78.451161,-78.451571,-78.451738,-78.45162,-78.451495,-78.451366,-78.450678,-78.450385,-78.45036,-78.449877,-78.449772,-78.448504,-78.447738,-78.446285,-78.44444,-78.443317,-78.442879,-78.44269,-78.442696,-78.442767,-78.442816,-78.443085,-78.443071,-78.44276,-78.442023,-78.440128,-78.439648,-78.439508,-78.439323,-78.43908,-78.438858,-78.43867,-78.438504,-78.438407,-78.438129,-78.437906,-78.437462,-78.43701,-78.436566,-78.436392,-78.435413,-78.434892,-78.434593,-78.434468,-78.434065,-78.43385,-78.4336,-78.433336,-78.433128,-78.433043,-78.432982,-78.432753,-78.432693,-78.432253,-78.432065,-78.431676,-78.431294,-78.430349,-78.429516,-78.429321,-78.429162,-78.428946,-78.428529,-78.428064,-78.427953,-78.427758,-78.427543,-78.42705,-78.426925,-78.426709,-78.426557,-78.426279,-78.425563,-78.425348,-78.425161,-78.424751,-78.424556,-78.424391,-78.424279,-78.423841,-78.423577,-78.423237,-78.422903,-78.422452,-78.422118,-78.421542,-78.420924,-78.420194,-78.419389,-78.419048,-78.418789,-78.418347,-78.417874,-78.417603,-78.417485,-78.417319,-78.41677,-78.416499,-78.416263,-78.416041,-78.415854,-78.415722,-78.415027,-78.414485,-78.414235,-78.413971,-78.41311,-78.412818,-78.412145,-78.411978,-78.41186,-78.411645,-78.41154,-78.411408,-78.411263,-78.411151,-78.41104,-78.41091,-78.410665,-78.410596,-78.41045,-78.410388,-78.410276,-78.409756,-78.409276,-78.40911,-78.408894,-78.408707,-78.408464,-78.408207,-78.40786,-78.407658,-78.407533,-78.407374,-78.407124,-78.406978,-78.406635,-78.406499,-78.405957,-78.405596,-78.405444,-78.405207,-78.405145,-78.405006,-78.404818,-78.404721,-78.40461,-78.404277,-78.404186,-78.404089,-78.403978,-78.403888,-78.403812,-78.40384,-78.403729,-78.403695,-78.403451,-78.403236,-78.403062,-78.40293,-78.402749,-78.402625,-78.402472,-78.402319,-78.402305,-78.402341,-78.402256,-78.402218,-78.402177,-78.402096,-78.402081,-78.402059,-78.402033,-78.401999,-78.401959,-78.401896,-78.401787,-78.401667,-78.401591,-78.401414,-78.401181,-78.401032,-78.400929,-78.400838,-78.400301,-78.400225,-78.399931,-78.399835,-78.399029,-78.398944,-78.398186,-78.397923,-78.397646,-78.397493,-78.397368,-78.39721,-78.39717,-78.397148,-78.397067,-78.396863,-78.396533,-78.396348,-78.396188,-78.396023,-78.395666,-78.39546,-78.395288,-78.39521,-78.395121,-78.395061,-78.394939,-78.394905,-78.394878,-78.394853,-78.394852,-78.394825,-78.394789,-78.394504,-78.394413,-78.394325,-78.394244,-78.394177,-78.39414,-78.394107,-78.393961,-78.393551,-78.393419,-78.392919,-78.392803,-78.392322,-78.391725,-78.390662,-78.390433,-78.389912,-78.389628,-78.389295,-78.389246,-78.388989,-78.388684,-78.388448,-78.388087,-78.387553,-78.387282,-78.387025,-78.386803,-78.386477,-78.386178,-78.385977,-78.385762,-78.385595,-78.385526,-78.385317,-78.385137,-78.384991,-78.384755,-78.38461,-78.384526,-78.384457,-78.384325,-78.384034,-78.383805,-78.383347,-78.383174,-78.383056,-78.382903,-78.382695,-78.382417,-78.381966,-78.381584,-78.381431,-78.381174,-78.380529,-78.380078,-78.37678,-78.376134,-78.375821,-78.376356,-78.376398,-78.376488,-78.376621,-78.376753,-78.376809,-78.377038,-78.377911,-78.379004,-78.380014,-78.381407,-78.382537,-78.38363,-78.38482,-78.385962,-78.387188,-78.387856,-78.388208,-78.38867,-78.38935,-78.390382,-78.391925,-78.393613,-78.394488,-78.39518,-78.395699,-78.395942,-78.396109,-78.396383,-78.396717,-78.397126,-78.397643,-78.398342,-78.399179,-78.399759,-78.400781,-78.401834,-78.403055,-78.404352,-78.405496,-78.406137,-78.407511,-78.408289,-78.409067,-78.409784,-78.410532,-78.410762,-78.411005,-78.411677,-78.412471,-78.412973,-78.413387,-78.414342,-78.414638,-78.415905,-78.416286,-78.418656,-78.418763,-78.418919,-78.419142,-78.419318,-78.419454,-78.419469,-78.419427,-78.419365,-78.41933,-78.419344,-78.419441,-78.419497,-78.419629,-78.420011,-78.420115,-78.420288,-78.420441,-78.420566,-78.420656,-78.420629,-78.420518,-78.420504,-78.420546,-78.420566,-78.42065,-78.420754,-78.420775,-78.420817,-78.420858,-78.42097,-78.42122,-78.421254,-78.421178,-78.421178,-78.421206,-78.42122,-78.421289,-78.421456,-78.421588,-78.421588,-78.42147,-78.421262,-78.421248,-78.421547,-78.421658,-78.421776,-78.421845,-78.421943,-78.422144,-78.42222,-78.422269,-78.42229,-78.422217,-78.422214,-78.422172,-78.422165,-78.422276,-78.422436,-78.422492,-78.42252,-78.422665,-78.422888,-78.422903,-78.422954,-78.423019,-78.42313,-78.423155,-78.423339,-78.423499,-78.423676,-78.423693,-78.423762,-78.423776,-78.423776,-78.423749,-78.423665,-78.423624,-78.423603,-78.423603,-78.423638,-78.42377,-78.423943,-78.424138,-78.424325,-78.424533,-78.424617,-78.424629,-78.4247,-78.424783,-78.424783,-78.424749,-78.424744,-78.424945,-78.425017,-78.425137,-78.425463,-78.425669,-78.425924,-78.426204,-78.426425,-78.426601,-78.426961,-78.427182,-78.427397,-78.427545,-78.427806,-78.427945,-78.428162,-78.428366,-78.42855,-78.428714,-78.428889,-78.429,-78.429182,-78.429249,-78.429357,-78.429656,-78.429692,-78.429785,-78.429839,-78.430009,-78.430352,-78.43053,-78.430543,-78.430602,-78.431026,-78.431206,-78.431271,-78.431535,-78.431722,-78.431917,-78.432135,-78.43228,-78.43397,-78.434698,-78.434771,-78.434628,-78.434395,-78.43415,-78.434072,-78.434039,-78.434027,-78.434028,-78.434053,-78.434133,-78.434204,-78.434227,-78.434224,-78.434206,-78.434123,-78.434075,-78.434025,-78.433667,-78.433548,-78.433498,-78.433446,-78.433413,-78.433401,-78.433366,-78.433328,-78.433263,-78.433174,-78.432987,-78.432827,-78.432511,-78.432465,-78.432404,-78.432335,-78.432139,-78.432039,-78.431953,-78.431471,-78.431066,-78.430491,-78.432048,-78.432445,-78.434661,-78.434965,-78.43537,-78.436915,-78.437083,-78.437821,-78.437844,-78.438781,-78.4392,-78.440493,-78.441123,-78.444114,-78.444766,-78.44607,-78.446525,-78.447452,-78.447601,-78.447793,-78.448098,-78.448312,-78.448927,-78.45013,-78.452402,-78.452813,-78.453105,-78.453271,-78.453494,-78.45375,-78.454042,-78.454407,-78.454771,-78.454904,-78.455013,-78.454662,-78.454401,-78.454092,-78.453978,-78.454015,-78.454141,-78.454314,-78.454381,-78.45443,-78.454552,-78.454682,-78.454985,-78.455048],"lat":[38.044041,38.0446,38.045278,38.045359,38.045367,38.045381,38.045427,38.045451,38.045465,38.045506,38.045556,38.045571,38.045596,38.045607,38.045617,38.045653,38.04568,38.045697,38.045704,38.045708,38.045716,38.045742,38.045756,38.045762,38.045768,38.045761,38.045772,38.045774,38.04578,38.045782,38.045779,38.045778,38.045776,38.045759,38.045763,38.045762,38.045764,38.045769,38.045771,38.045774,38.045778,38.045776,38.045773,38.045771,38.045774,38.045782,38.04579,38.045783,38.045772,38.04577,38.045768,38.04576,38.045757,38.045749,38.045739,38.045728,38.045721,38.045707,38.045685,38.045672,38.045669,38.04567,38.045661,38.045647,38.045644,38.045639,38.045645,38.045645,38.045624,38.045592,38.045498,38.045472,38.045404,38.045356,38.045347,38.045341,38.045322,38.045312,38.045309,38.045306,38.045326,38.045345,38.045372,38.045394,38.045418,38.045436,38.045473,38.045522,38.045548,38.045577,38.045603,38.045631,38.045664,38.04568,38.045685,38.045726,38.045722,38.045715,38.045713,38.045743,38.045817,38.045842,38.045865,38.045925,38.046085,38.046189,38.046244,38.046269,38.046334,38.046415,38.046463,38.046548,38.046638,38.046709,38.04676,38.046832,38.046922,38.04699,38.047091,38.047162,38.047189,38.047258,38.047319,38.04738,38.04744,38.047504,38.047603,38.047707,38.047834,38.047904,38.047926,38.048051,38.048151,38.048231,38.048301,38.048372,38.048409,38.048521,38.048542,38.048585,38.048648,38.048728,38.048846,38.048909,38.048895,38.048986,38.049093,38.049137,38.049194,38.049281,38.049348,38.049421,38.049483,38.049544,38.049614,38.049974,38.050018,38.050052,38.050073,38.050198,38.050222,38.050283,38.050348,38.050384,38.050441,38.050566,38.050639,38.050746,38.050814,38.050882,38.050916,38.050944,38.05101,38.051053,38.051136,38.051221,38.051302,38.051327,38.051383,38.051466,38.051508,38.05155,38.051608,38.051682,38.051805,38.05187,38.051938,38.052005,38.052055,38.052112,38.0522,38.052272,38.052345,38.052434,38.052468,38.052524,38.05263,38.052651,38.052749,38.05285,38.052941,38.053049,38.053127,38.053177,38.053264,38.053364,38.053446,38.053508,38.053525,38.05357,38.053644,38.053763,38.05392,38.054162,38.054211,38.054307,38.054562,38.054632,38.054833,38.054912,38.055012,38.05511,38.055134,38.055187,38.055222,38.055259,38.055798,38.055952,38.05605,38.056211,38.056267,38.056313,38.056409,38.056425,38.056538,38.056589,38.056667,38.056728,38.056938,38.057021,38.057133,38.057232,38.057305,38.05741,38.057498,38.057599,38.057674,38.057748,38.057823,38.057899,38.057995,38.058036,38.058098,38.058175,38.058262,38.058325,38.058395,38.058447,38.058457,38.058715,38.058771,38.05884,38.058883,38.058929,38.059236,38.059397,38.060028,38.060484,38.060527,38.060578,38.060819,38.061097,38.061588,38.061715,38.06206,38.062596,38.062825,38.062931,38.063337,38.063426,38.064804,38.065455,38.066043,38.066902,38.067283,38.067547,38.068137,38.068501,38.068902,38.069171,38.06961,38.069862,38.07018,38.07057,38.071577,38.072016,38.072304,38.072362,38.072456,38.072593,38.072736,38.072961,38.073005,38.073027,38.072999,38.072983,38.072944,38.072895,38.072862,38.072736,38.07262,38.072532,38.072477,38.072395,38.072329,38.072214,38.072011,38.071912,38.071883,38.071862,38.071824,38.071808,38.071692,38.071621,38.071319,38.071511,38.072027,38.072455,38.072527,38.072554,38.072631,38.07301,38.073224,38.073312,38.073493,38.073712,38.074053,38.074091,38.074086,38.07402,38.073937,38.073794,38.073728,38.073652,38.073443,38.07336,38.073344,38.073333,38.073344,38.073388,38.073426,38.073492,38.073519,38.073508,38.07342,38.073387,38.073442,38.073607,38.073656,38.073665,38.073683,38.073661,38.073606,38.073562,38.073436,38.073227,38.073096,38.072909,38.072755,38.07259,38.072491,38.07242,38.072458,38.072442,38.072392,38.072178,38.072068,38.072057,38.072117,38.072221,38.07237,38.072375,38.072348,38.072254,38.072172,38.072128,38.072111,38.072078,38.072045,38.071941,38.071842,38.071765,38.071677,38.071628,38.071622,38.071633,38.071573,38.071397,38.071188,38.071012,38.070859,38.070655,38.070458,38.070282,38.070205,38.069896,38.069799,38.069507,38.069348,38.069271,38.069238,38.06926,38.069282,38.069408,38.069458,38.069463,38.069326,38.069265,38.069101,38.068848,38.068744,38.068524,38.068282,38.068107,38.068089,38.067958,38.067914,38.067903,38.06787,38.067716,38.067431,38.067337,38.067211,38.066992,38.066941,38.066885,38.066873,38.066875,38.066913,38.066698,38.066577,38.066493,38.066435,38.066394,38.066342,38.066276,38.066223,38.066198,38.066156,38.066121,38.066092,38.06606,38.066014,38.065611,38.065566,38.065427,38.065395,38.065174,38.065162,38.065016,38.064982,38.064926,38.064878,38.064824,38.064736,38.064709,38.064689,38.064616,38.064445,38.064167,38.064026,38.063922,38.063839,38.063668,38.063534,38.063398,38.063321,38.063213,38.063121,38.062882,38.062765,38.062617,38.062167,38.061734,38.061391,38.061139,38.061183,38.061183,38.061168,38.06114,38.06111,38.061089,38.061095,38.06124,38.061531,38.06164,38.061783,38.061779,38.061761,38.0617,38.061447,38.061354,38.061161,38.060936,38.060546,38.060458,38.06026,38.060008,38.059673,38.059387,38.059046,38.058915,38.058821,38.058755,38.058601,38.058475,38.058409,38.058354,38.058288,38.058244,38.057914,38.057799,38.057673,38.05742,38.057294,38.057195,38.05703,38.056827,38.056547,38.056299,38.055679,38.055388,38.055245,38.055113,38.05503,38.054904,38.054843,38.054739,38.054629,38.054519,38.054206,38.053964,38.051752,38.051268,38.05107,38.051186,38.051198,38.051207,38.051206,38.051191,38.051178,38.051166,38.051031,38.050809,38.050489,38.049909,38.049358,38.048683,38.048229,38.047891,38.04738,38.047197,38.046955,38.046704,38.046424,38.046145,38.045652,38.045189,38.045035,38.045102,38.045118,38.045058,38.045006,38.044779,38.044356,38.043698,38.043108,38.042793,38.042546,38.042264,38.041928,38.041661,38.041447,38.041424,38.041455,38.041531,38.041775,38.042119,38.042157,38.041989,38.041623,38.041469,38.041257,38.040769,38.040341,38.040208,38.040098,38.040097,38.040097,38.040111,38.040134,38.037267,38.037158,38.0371,38.036993,38.036762,38.036551,38.036281,38.035957,38.035683,38.035403,38.035227,38.034925,38.034788,38.034612,38.034321,38.034272,38.034113,38.033992,38.033849,38.033657,38.033404,38.033093,38.032921,38.03269,38.032504,38.032317,38.031675,38.031406,38.03112,38.030923,38.030752,38.030434,38.030319,38.029616,38.029463,38.029259,38.028842,38.028616,38.028353,38.028095,38.027919,38.027557,38.027123,38.026997,38.026492,38.026338,38.025997,38.025679,38.025426,38.025152,38.025009,38.024823,38.024559,38.024186,38.024169,38.023878,38.02362,38.02328,38.022906,38.022363,38.022296,38.02194,38.021616,38.0216,38.021546,38.021479,38.021281,38.021215,38.020738,38.020474,38.020249,38.020227,38.020029,38.019925,38.019744,38.019574,38.019337,38.019255,38.019096,38.018772,38.018514,38.018206,38.017959,38.017784,38.017685,38.017559,38.017471,38.017454,38.017355,38.017075,38.016839,38.016499,38.016272,38.016303,38.016312,38.016325,38.016351,38.016375,38.016417,38.016478,38.016537,38.016594,38.016729,38.016826,38.016931,38.01701,38.017165,38.01726,38.017428,38.017606,38.017789,38.017978,38.018208,38.018371,38.018621,38.018714,38.018862,38.019272,38.019329,38.019456,38.019539,38.019795,38.020275,38.020523,38.020541,38.020617,38.021155,38.021354,38.021423,38.021678,38.021842,38.021999,38.02216,38.022257,38.023321,38.02379,38.023837,38.023953,38.024149,38.024413,38.024511,38.024571,38.02462,38.024672,38.024765,38.024992,38.025248,38.025395,38.02555,38.025661,38.025939,38.026029,38.026096,38.026444,38.026549,38.026576,38.026588,38.026582,38.026606,38.02665,38.026679,38.026709,38.026733,38.026752,38.026757,38.026759,38.026763,38.026777,38.026805,38.026926,38.02697,38.026995,38.027086,38.027177,38.028127,38.029335,38.029649,38.031389,38.031665,38.031992,38.033111,38.033217,38.033686,38.033701,38.03441,38.034716,38.035686,38.036207,38.038677,38.03877,38.038972,38.039042,38.039435,38.039299,38.039139,38.03892,38.038787,38.038449,38.037816,38.036645,38.036886,38.037001,38.037078,38.037155,38.037161,38.037215,38.037268,38.03732,38.037358,38.037399,38.037829,38.038356,38.039243,38.040141,38.041048,38.041787,38.042364,38.042582,38.042754,38.043049,38.043363,38.043792,38.044041]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.749745,-78.749286,-78.749059,-78.748332,-78.748202,-78.748136,-78.748054,-78.748,-78.747986,-78.747897,-78.747741,-78.747703,-78.747543,-78.747398,-78.747324,-78.747181,-78.747156,-78.746874,-78.746622,-78.746553,-78.7465,-78.746595,-78.746637,-78.746824,-78.747104,-78.747211,-78.747248,-78.747286,-78.747308,-78.747349,-78.747377,-78.747399,-78.747426,-78.747444,-78.747461,-78.747476,-78.747472,-78.74746,-78.747393,-78.747391,-78.747409,-78.747454,-78.747511,-78.747611,-78.747745,-78.747892,-78.747954,-78.748039,-78.748152,-78.748222,-78.748254,-78.74748,-78.746661,-78.744173,-78.74365,-78.743505,-78.743167,-78.743004,-78.742897,-78.741782,-78.74072,-78.739705,-78.739056,-78.737188,-78.736234,-78.735798,-78.735538,-78.734743,-78.733974,-78.732837,-78.732728,-78.731133,-78.730127,-78.726842,-78.72434,-78.71862,-78.717666,-78.716958,-78.716718,-78.715645,-78.715058,-78.714553,-78.714339,-78.714335,-78.714342,-78.714328,-78.714265,-78.714133,-78.714064,-78.714022,-78.713966,-78.713821,-78.713661,-78.713494,-78.713293,-78.71316,-78.713084,-78.712758,-78.712633,-78.71248,-78.712376,-78.712299,-78.712236,-78.712209,-78.712202,-78.712209,-78.712264,-78.712271,-78.712264,-78.712236,-78.712181,-78.712104,-78.711931,-78.711757,-78.711743,-78.711687,-78.711611,-78.711333,-78.711222,-78.71093,-78.710708,-78.710583,-78.710381,-78.710298,-78.710173,-78.710048,-78.709999,-78.709784,-78.709645,-78.709563,-78.709283,-78.709207,-78.709158,-78.70911,-78.708999,-78.708804,-78.708721,-78.708533,-78.70829,-78.708158,-78.70806,-78.707991,-78.707956,-78.707942,-78.707921,-78.707873,-78.707803,-78.707463,-78.707338,-78.707289,-78.707282,-78.707289,-78.707337,-78.707344,-78.707324,-78.707303,-78.707212,-78.707115,-78.707067,-78.707004,-78.706879,-78.70683,-78.706747,-78.706719,-78.706677,-78.706126,-78.70612,-78.705318,-78.705162,-78.704861,-78.704588,-78.703342,-78.702404,-78.702224,-78.702054,-78.702279,-78.702651,-78.702752,-78.702854,-78.702895,-78.702917,-78.702915,-78.702903,-78.702697,-78.702651,-78.702571,-78.702392,-78.702361,-78.702306,-78.702268,-78.702207,-78.702171,-78.702113,-78.702059,-78.702009,-78.701935,-78.701844,-78.701665,-78.701451,-78.701225,-78.701099,-78.701066,-78.7009,-78.700816,-78.700694,-78.70064,-78.700507,-78.700385,-78.700335,-78.700306,-78.700303,-78.700319,-78.700368,-78.700407,-78.70049,-78.700617,-78.700656,-78.700686,-78.700703,-78.700699,-78.700676,-78.700636,-78.700258,-78.70016,-78.700047,-78.699918,-78.699774,-78.699597,-78.699349,-78.699298,-78.699255,-78.699201,-78.699158,-78.699122,-78.69909,-78.699074,-78.699048,-78.698993,-78.69891,-78.698843,-78.698819,-78.698652,-78.698586,-78.698559,-78.698521,-78.698513,-78.698519,-78.69855,-78.698584,-78.698662,-78.69872,-78.698855,-78.699059,-78.699068,-78.699135,-78.699193,-78.699221,-78.699234,-78.699229,-78.699202,-78.699141,-78.699078,-78.699026,-78.698944,-78.697154,-78.696481,-78.694901,-78.694082,-78.693728,-78.691891,-78.691297,-78.689846,-78.688927,-78.687849,-78.686748,-78.685907,-78.685641,-78.684726,-78.683956,-78.683734,-78.683467,-78.683419,-78.682675,-78.681324,-78.681265,-78.680768,-78.679414,-78.679104,-78.678008,-78.676994,-78.676572,-78.6762,-78.675767,-78.674738,-78.674273,-78.67374,-78.673238,-78.672139,-78.671397,-78.670994,-78.67061,-78.670325,-78.6701,-78.669929,-78.669726,-78.669337,-78.669073,-78.668944,-78.668572,-78.66744,-78.666554,-78.665751,-78.665491,-78.665275,-78.664948,-78.664544,-78.663284,-78.662842,-78.661967,-78.660597,-78.659653,-78.658802,-78.657819,-78.657348,-78.656155,-78.654793,-78.654504,-78.654243,-78.653879,-78.653582,-78.653182,-78.650975,-78.650431,-78.650232,-78.650021,-78.649892,-78.649708,-78.649549,-78.649375,-78.649153,-78.649053,-78.648659,-78.64801,-78.647991,-78.648239,-78.649184,-78.649254,-78.649343,-78.649611,-78.650035,-78.65034,-78.650616,-78.650811,-78.651661,-78.651658,-78.651408,-78.65145,-78.651689,-78.651925,-78.652354,-78.652828,-78.653385,-78.654063,-78.6544,-78.655462,-78.655535,-78.656387,-78.657137,-78.657369,-78.657481,-78.657963,-78.65803,-78.657956,-78.657653,-78.657893,-78.657932,-78.657839,-78.657931,-78.658619,-78.660647,-78.661121,-78.661307,-78.66144,-78.661471,-78.661267,-78.661425,-78.66176,-78.662321,-78.662405,-78.66225,-78.661955,-78.661408,-78.661068,-78.660712,-78.660417,-78.660253,-78.6598,-78.659587,-78.659585,-78.659824,-78.659933,-78.659798,-78.659842,-78.65969,-78.65942,-78.659644,-78.659805,-78.660439,-78.660941,-78.661923,-78.662615,-78.663365,-78.663613,-78.663696,-78.663924,-78.664048,-78.66486,-78.664955,-78.66464,-78.663916,-78.663678,-78.663742,-78.663953,-78.664199,-78.664432,-78.6647,-78.665076,-78.6654,-78.665636,-78.666304,-78.666639,-78.66687,-78.66692,-78.667134,-78.667315,-78.667628,-78.667625,-78.667893,-78.668506,-78.668757,-78.669426,-78.670757,-78.67105,-78.671174,-78.671224,-78.671339,-78.67148,-78.671517,-78.67828,-78.67905,-78.680136,-78.681133,-78.681607,-78.682197,-78.682994,-78.683454,-78.684046,-78.684153,-78.684771,-78.685188,-78.685504,-78.686725,-78.687253,-78.689079,-78.689658,-78.690596,-78.691629,-78.692693,-78.693878,-78.69834,-78.700807,-78.701652,-78.702611,-78.705477,-78.709211,-78.70931,-78.710652,-78.71387,-78.714464,-78.715543,-78.716583,-78.717245,-78.718551,-78.719293,-78.719704,-78.720197,-78.720615,-78.72066,-78.720941,-78.721738,-78.722581,-78.723968,-78.725441,-78.725646,-78.726562,-78.727018,-78.727686,-78.728342,-78.72862,-78.729321,-78.729578,-78.729761,-78.729921,-78.73026,-78.73085,-78.731481,-78.731734,-78.732149,-78.732293,-78.733289,-78.738051,-78.738999,-78.741528,-78.742311,-78.746359,-78.749203,-78.749874,-78.749745],"lat":[38.062462,38.062949,38.06318,38.063941,38.064103,38.0642,38.064354,38.064483,38.064519,38.064813,38.065423,38.065587,38.066147,38.066703,38.066964,38.067491,38.067582,38.068572,38.069514,38.06971,38.069802,38.070045,38.070237,38.070294,38.070356,38.070399,38.070418,38.070441,38.070454,38.070484,38.070507,38.070532,38.070572,38.07061,38.070658,38.07074,38.070824,38.070874,38.071282,38.07149,38.071581,38.071685,38.071765,38.071865,38.071975,38.072073,38.07211,38.07214,38.072167,38.072175,38.072182,38.072579,38.072998,38.074273,38.074489,38.074527,38.074614,38.074657,38.074685,38.074747,38.074674,38.074326,38.073998,38.072995,38.072391,38.072225,38.072133,38.072042,38.071955,38.072047,38.072056,38.072494,38.072891,38.074276,38.075331,38.077107,38.077331,38.077354,38.07735,38.077337,38.077309,38.077277,38.077266,38.077149,38.076929,38.076803,38.076688,38.07655,38.076496,38.076463,38.076424,38.076347,38.076293,38.076254,38.076216,38.076208,38.076199,38.076133,38.076095,38.076024,38.075958,38.075886,38.075799,38.075733,38.075667,38.07559,38.075458,38.075387,38.075315,38.075255,38.075173,38.075079,38.074925,38.074783,38.074766,38.074728,38.074668,38.074481,38.074387,38.074168,38.073965,38.073871,38.073701,38.073624,38.07352,38.073449,38.073432,38.073383,38.073361,38.073357,38.073344,38.073333,38.073312,38.073284,38.073196,38.073086,38.07302,38.072812,38.07245,38.07229,38.072148,38.071994,38.071857,38.071505,38.071434,38.071307,38.071203,38.070758,38.070528,38.070379,38.070297,38.07022,38.070061,38.070011,38.069935,38.069896,38.069803,38.069671,38.069622,38.069572,38.069506,38.069495,38.069457,38.069435,38.069386,38.068548,38.068527,38.068514,38.068501,38.068449,38.068389,38.068096,38.067874,38.067826,38.067766,38.067391,38.066808,38.066646,38.066474,38.066366,38.066256,38.066145,38.066079,38.065295,38.065156,38.064992,38.064709,38.064658,38.064534,38.064406,38.064031,38.063895,38.063747,38.063637,38.063553,38.063449,38.063344,38.063172,38.062987,38.062775,38.062642,38.062606,38.062396,38.062275,38.062074,38.061961,38.061652,38.061298,38.061104,38.060932,38.06079,38.060648,38.060458,38.060354,38.060186,38.059928,38.059835,38.05973,38.059592,38.059496,38.059376,38.05926,38.058483,38.058305,38.058134,38.057986,38.057847,38.057703,38.057493,38.057445,38.0574,38.057339,38.057284,38.057233,38.057183,38.057156,38.057109,38.056994,38.056785,38.056573,38.056503,38.056003,38.055742,38.055599,38.055277,38.055123,38.054987,38.054841,38.054746,38.054589,38.054499,38.054301,38.053997,38.05398,38.053852,38.053702,38.053567,38.053405,38.053075,38.052613,38.052166,38.051787,38.051505,38.051176,38.051201,38.051215,38.051245,38.051261,38.05127,38.0513,38.051313,38.051333,38.05135,38.051371,38.05139,38.051407,38.051412,38.051429,38.051437,38.051442,38.051448,38.051449,38.05146,38.051486,38.051487,38.051496,38.05152,38.051522,38.051543,38.051559,38.051565,38.051576,38.051579,38.051597,38.051605,38.051611,38.051619,38.051635,38.051666,38.051703,38.051754,38.051806,38.051855,38.051896,38.051952,38.052068,38.052163,38.052214,38.052377,38.052932,38.053379,38.053777,38.053906,38.054015,38.054168,38.054376,38.054986,38.055213,38.055646,38.056331,38.056798,38.057228,38.057712,38.057946,38.058541,38.059219,38.059343,38.059444,38.059571,38.059663,38.059767,38.060279,38.060423,38.060492,38.060577,38.060639,38.060743,38.060852,38.060978,38.061173,38.061267,38.061663,38.061557,38.061554,38.060623,38.059996,38.059897,38.059329,38.059186,38.059174,38.059073,38.058895,38.058669,38.057847,38.057665,38.057339,38.057163,38.056943,38.056542,38.056313,38.05609,38.055916,38.056013,38.05617,38.056431,38.056514,38.056672,38.056272,38.056087,38.055813,38.055555,38.055274,38.055191,38.054894,38.054275,38.053918,38.053324,38.052938,38.052601,38.051947,38.051725,38.051534,38.050972,38.050449,38.049931,38.049264,38.04884,38.048449,38.048098,38.047568,38.047235,38.046976,38.046637,38.045969,38.045636,38.04554,38.045475,38.045191,38.04461,38.04439,38.043934,38.043515,38.042941,38.042593,38.042155,38.041606,38.04152,38.041611,38.041465,38.04088,38.040725,38.040324,38.040069,38.039718,38.039352,38.039224,38.03876,38.038556,38.038111,38.038008,38.037829,38.036967,38.03667,38.036444,38.036231,38.036088,38.036061,38.035898,38.035496,38.035047,38.034623,38.034439,38.034228,38.034114,38.034139,38.033993,38.033821,38.033678,38.033657,38.033584,38.033135,38.032454,38.032206,38.032079,38.031868,38.031776,38.03132,38.031325,38.031801,38.031855,38.031928,38.032008,38.032058,38.032134,38.03226,38.032344,38.032467,38.032489,38.032636,38.032748,38.032833,38.033191,38.03334,38.033879,38.034045,38.034324,38.034623,38.034922,38.035237,38.036352,38.036969,38.03718,38.037419,38.038132,38.039062,38.039091,38.039425,38.040227,38.040378,38.04067,38.040978,38.041186,38.041632,38.041905,38.042066,38.04226,38.042431,38.042449,38.042564,38.042914,38.043301,38.043959,38.044658,38.044755,38.045187,38.045392,38.045667,38.045921,38.046018,38.046249,38.046328,38.046382,38.046428,38.04652,38.046669,38.046812,38.046864,38.046946,38.04697,38.047684,38.051098,38.051734,38.053529,38.05435,38.058599,38.061604,38.062306,38.062462]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.533691,-78.533666,-78.533598,-78.533526,-78.533439,-78.533296,-78.533038,-78.532912,-78.532866,-78.532795,-78.532755,-78.532719,-78.532682,-78.532639,-78.532611,-78.532582,-78.532388,-78.532364,-78.532357,-78.532372,-78.532389,-78.5324,-78.532445,-78.532504,-78.532836,-78.532998,-78.533181,-78.533242,-78.533288,-78.533317,-78.533328,-78.533317,-78.533293,-78.533246,-78.533184,-78.53316,-78.533152,-78.533148,-78.533149,-78.533169,-78.533207,-78.533276,-78.533337,-78.53338,-78.533403,-78.533406,-78.533344,-78.533253,-78.533242,-78.533233,-78.533199,-78.533144,-78.533087,-78.532974,-78.532937,-78.532928,-78.532941,-78.532964,-78.53298,-78.533303,-78.533361,-78.533407,-78.533434,-78.533473,-78.533474,-78.533475,-78.53346,-78.533428,-78.53338,-78.533331,-78.533258,-78.5331,-78.532964,-78.532894,-78.532844,-78.532649,-78.532477,-78.532311,-78.532183,-78.532116,-78.532032,-78.531863,-78.531714,-78.531602,-78.531504,-78.531339,-78.531268,-78.531224,-78.531182,-78.53116,-78.531114,-78.531067,-78.531061,-78.531067,-78.531086,-78.531107,-78.531282,-78.531341,-78.531495,-78.531573,-78.531635,-78.531672,-78.531702,-78.531736,-78.531759,-78.531769,-78.531805,-78.53186,-78.531901,-78.531921,-78.531922,-78.531905,-78.53187,-78.531851,-78.531413,-78.531297,-78.531575,-78.531506,-78.531457,-78.531346,-78.531144,-78.530971,-78.530679,-78.53054,-78.530408,-78.530255,-78.5302,-78.530144,-78.529936,-78.529873,-78.529817,-78.529741,-78.529665,-78.529581,-78.529429,-78.529352,-78.529227,-78.529179,-78.52913,-78.529005,-78.528943,-78.52888,-78.528804,-78.528699,-78.528602,-78.52854,-78.528345,-78.528164,-78.528053,-78.528018,-78.527956,-78.527914,-78.527886,-78.527859,-78.527845,-78.52781,-78.52772,-78.527504,-78.527428,-78.52733,-78.527296,-78.527275,-78.527289,-78.527302,-78.527344,-78.527413,-78.527462,-78.527587,-78.52808,-78.528559,-78.528754,-78.528837,-78.529157,-78.529219,-78.529254,-78.529191,-78.529156,-78.529128,-78.529149,-78.52917,-78.529205,-78.529309,-78.529371,-78.529468,-78.529461,-78.52944,-78.529406,-78.529357,-78.529308,-78.52919,-78.52901,-78.528794,-78.528523,-78.52835,-78.528273,-78.528093,-78.527843,-78.527669,-78.527509,-78.52719,-78.526815,-78.526516,-78.526176,-78.525704,-78.525176,-78.524981,-78.524703,-78.524453,-78.523793,-78.52346,-78.523286,-78.523105,-78.52248,-78.522237,-78.521959,-78.521661,-78.521501,-78.521299,-78.521167,-78.520987,-78.520841,-78.520757,-78.52073,-78.520695,-78.520688,-78.520695,-78.520729,-78.520792,-78.520827,-78.520979,-78.521104,-78.521271,-78.52166,-78.521771,-78.522084,-78.522139,-78.522209,-78.522243,-78.522271,-78.522278,-78.522271,-78.522243,-78.522201,-78.52216,-78.522132,-78.522055,-78.521958,-78.521889,-78.521819,-78.521715,-78.521465,-78.521354,-78.521291,-78.521236,-78.521194,-78.521083,-78.521006,-78.520951,-78.520846,-78.520797,-78.520811,-78.520832,-78.520839,-78.520832,-78.52079,-78.520734,-78.5207,-78.520679,-78.520582,-78.520463,-78.520172,-78.520088,-78.520053,-78.519998,-78.519984,-78.519977,-78.519998,-78.520039,-78.520053,-78.520046,-78.520039,-78.519983,-78.519942,-78.51983,-78.519705,-78.519615,-78.519525,-78.519393,-78.519289,-78.519053,-78.518566,-78.51824,-78.518108,-78.517942,-78.517837,-78.517712,-78.517629,-78.517428,-78.517365,-78.517198,-78.517115,-78.517017,-78.516969,-78.516948,-78.516934,-78.516948,-78.516989,-78.517024,-78.517079,-78.517163,-78.517281,-78.517301,-78.517426,-78.517454,-78.517489,-78.517461,-78.517419,-78.517357,-78.517301,-78.517183,-78.517079,-78.516961,-78.516815,-78.516648,-78.516349,-78.516225,-78.516044,-78.516023,-78.515947,-78.515919,-78.515843,-78.515676,-78.515357,-78.51519,-78.515117,-78.514975,-78.5146,-78.514496,-78.514287,-78.514155,-78.513773,-78.513662,-78.513544,-78.513405,-78.513266,-78.513148,-78.513009,-78.512877,-78.51278,-78.512662,-78.512592,-78.512426,-78.512342,-78.512294,-78.512259,-78.512161,-78.512126,-78.512098,-78.512126,-78.512119,-78.512084,-78.511966,-78.511861,-78.511764,-78.51168,-78.511638,-78.511485,-78.511339,-78.511165,-78.511158,-78.511109,-78.511075,-78.511019,-78.510998,-78.511005,-78.511046,-78.511081,-78.511178,-78.511226,-78.511261,-78.511268,-78.511261,-78.511212,-78.511143,-78.511038,-78.510934,-78.510816,-78.510524,-78.510392,-78.510156,-78.510086,-78.509989,-78.509822,-78.509627,-78.509433,-78.509308,-78.509127,-78.508925,-78.508911,-78.508849,-78.508765,-78.508717,-78.508689,-78.508446,-78.508306,-78.508223,-78.508112,-78.508035,-78.507966,-78.507896,-78.507847,-78.507778,-78.507659,-78.507604,-78.507555,-78.507478,-78.507388,-78.507346,-78.507207,-78.507138,-78.507068,-78.506992,-78.506922,-78.506894,-78.506762,-78.506658,-78.506512,-78.506456,-78.506248,-78.506144,-78.505768,-78.505573,-78.505511,-78.505469,-78.505392,-78.505316,-78.505267,-78.505198,-78.505072,-78.50485,-78.504704,-78.504614,-78.504579,-78.504544,-78.504537,-78.504558,-78.504564,-78.504557,-78.504537,-78.504509,-78.504571,-78.504703,-78.504772,-78.504779,-78.504772,-78.504744,-78.504703,-78.504647,-78.504541,-78.504427,-78.503995,-78.503613,-78.503308,-78.503049,-78.502774,-78.502637,-78.502561,-78.502408,-78.502234,-78.501961,-78.501717,-78.501479,-78.501263,-78.501029,-78.500725,-78.50057,-78.50022,-78.499997,-78.499738,-78.499549,-78.498862,-78.497403,-78.496488,-78.495801,-78.495435,-78.495435,-78.495764,-78.4962,-78.496564,-78.49663,-78.496752,-78.496879,-78.496802,-78.496449,-78.495705,-78.495054,-78.494897,-78.494825,-78.494923,-78.495042,-78.495073,-78.494968,-78.494574,-78.493928,-78.493571,-78.493231,-78.49295,-78.492506,-78.492124,-78.491913,-78.491796,-78.491315,-78.490973,-78.490811,-78.490172,-78.489639,-78.489281,-78.489124,-78.488908,-78.488833,-78.488482,-78.488405,-78.488344,-78.488356,-78.4883,-78.488187,-78.488148,-78.488126,-78.488439,-78.488462,-78.488544,-78.488468,-78.488438,-78.488412,-78.488246,-78.487732,-78.486955,-78.486321,-78.486038,-78.485359,-78.484895,-78.484581,-78.483802,-78.483108,-78.482343,-78.48115,-78.48044,-78.479692,-78.479371,-78.478914,-78.478043,-78.476937,-78.47647,-78.47512,-78.474733,-78.473987,-78.473108,-78.472692,-78.472453,-78.47207,-78.471959,-78.471745,-78.471322,-78.47105,-78.470518,-78.469793,-78.469377,-78.469091,-78.46884,-78.468315,-78.467945,-78.467619,-78.467061,-78.466645,-78.466529,-78.465929,-78.46574,-78.46542,-78.465074,-78.462714,-78.46232,-78.462184,-78.4617,-78.461437,-78.461416,-78.461235,-78.461349,-78.462231,-78.46294,-78.463441,-78.463974,-78.464049,-78.464463,-78.464933,-78.465381,-78.465526,-78.46599,-78.466369,-78.466497,-78.466766,-78.467033,-78.467128,-78.467421,-78.467732,-78.467943,-78.468043,-78.468139,-78.468501,-78.468607,-78.469568,-78.47026,-78.470583,-78.47079,-78.471146,-78.471709,-78.472264,-78.472639,-78.472971,-78.47347,-78.473613,-78.473788,-78.473897,-78.474003,-78.474206,-78.474298,-78.474428,-78.474585,-78.475031,-78.475225,-78.475469,-78.475869,-78.477386,-78.477761,-78.478275,-78.478594,-78.47878,-78.479327,-78.479677,-78.479953,-78.480146,-78.480348,-78.480524,-78.480576,-78.480754,-78.480935,-78.481267,-78.4815,-78.482393,-78.482485,-78.48279,-78.482983,-78.483211,-78.483473,-78.484582,-78.485217,-78.485717,-78.48624,-78.486713,-78.486867,-78.487038,-78.487324,-78.488396,-78.488712,-78.489315,-78.489438,-78.489615,-78.489952,-78.490343,-78.49059,-78.491099,-78.49149,-78.491968,-78.492688,-78.492832,-78.494061,-78.494335,-78.494538,-78.494789,-78.49503,-78.495348,-78.495489,-78.495624,-78.495952,-78.496091,-78.496716,-78.49727,-78.497395,-78.498103,-78.498675,-78.498803,-78.498867,-78.498949,-78.499093,-78.499127,-78.499179,-78.499244,-78.499299,-78.499323,-78.499328,-78.499321,-78.499316,-78.499274,-78.499087,-78.499154,-78.499274,-78.499381,-78.499547,-78.500039,-78.500172,-78.500437,-78.500746,-78.500819,-78.501158,-78.501447,-78.50175,-78.502287,-78.502498,-78.502863,-78.503018,-78.503176,-78.50337,-78.503444,-78.50362,-78.503735,-78.503839,-78.503952,-78.504002,-78.504062,-78.504125,-78.504238,-78.504264,-78.504277,-78.504334,-78.504401,-78.504512,-78.504762,-78.504867,-78.505206,-78.505864,-78.506375,-78.506801,-78.506985,-78.50733,-78.507795,-78.507912,-78.508182,-78.508266,-78.508484,-78.508715,-78.508839,-78.508957,-78.509209,-78.509428,-78.509602,-78.509747,-78.510292,-78.510566,-78.510839,-78.51111,-78.511264,-78.511493,-78.511717,-78.511933,-78.512073,-78.512346,-78.513142,-78.513235,-78.513902,-78.514013,-78.514168,-78.514309,-78.514442,-78.514596,-78.514716,-78.515055,-78.515159,-78.515324,-78.515862,-78.515914,-78.515994,-78.516368,-78.516604,-78.516825,-78.516979,-78.517112,-78.517176,-78.517346,-78.517533,-78.517861,-78.51828,-78.518384,-78.518492,-78.518608,-78.518676,-78.518771,-78.518853,-78.518917,-78.518954,-78.518992,-78.519001,-78.518992,-78.518965,-78.518932,-78.518886,-78.518598,-78.518299,-78.518215,-78.518156,-78.51811,-78.517915,-78.517786,-78.517757,-78.517722,-78.517703,-78.517702,-78.517719,-78.517751,-78.517787,-78.517841,-78.517926,-78.518047,-78.518273,-78.518573,-78.518807,-78.518885,-78.519035,-78.519186,-78.519446,-78.519646,-78.519719,-78.519796,-78.519953,-78.520007,-78.520071,-78.520273,-78.520398,-78.520708,-78.520956,-78.520988,-78.521044,-78.521265,-78.521386,-78.521543,-78.521627,-78.521694,-78.521776,-78.521866,-78.521871,-78.521862,-78.521805,-78.521804,-78.521822,-78.521856,-78.521906,-78.52207,-78.52222,-78.52232,-78.522388,-78.522441,-78.522482,-78.522559,-78.522583,-78.522582,-78.522562,-78.522497,-78.522466,-78.522444,-78.522436,-78.522456,-78.522489,-78.522534,-78.522636,-78.522681,-78.522737,-78.522783,-78.522827,-78.522853,-78.523431,-78.524288,-78.524312,-78.524435,-78.524482,-78.52456,-78.524595,-78.524639,-78.52469,-78.524751,-78.52481,-78.525049,-78.525118,-78.525172,-78.525262,-78.525324,-78.525527,-78.525792,-78.526018,-78.526333,-78.526454,-78.526741,-78.526866,-78.526985,-78.52713,-78.527186,-78.527245,-78.527289,-78.527314,-78.527326,-78.527324,-78.527306,-78.527307,-78.52733,-78.527373,-78.527405,-78.527492,-78.527589,-78.527931,-78.528179,-78.528335,-78.52977,-78.529914,-78.530209,-78.530408,-78.530557,-78.530591,-78.530607,-78.530621,-78.530611,-78.530607,-78.530587,-78.530604,-78.53063,-78.530678,-78.530728,-78.530824,-78.530934,-78.531251,-78.531345,-78.531383,-78.531475,-78.531555,-78.531614,-78.531626,-78.531683,-78.531741,-78.531891,-78.532218,-78.532562,-78.532733,-78.533236,-78.533333,-78.533367,-78.533408,-78.533432,-78.533494,-78.533532,-78.533658,-78.533687,-78.533697,-78.533691],"lat":[38.05945,38.05955,38.059709,38.059828,38.059941,38.060067,38.060265,38.060382,38.06043,38.060525,38.060615,38.060728,38.060901,38.061038,38.061111,38.061166,38.061593,38.061689,38.061806,38.061904,38.061957,38.061984,38.062056,38.062121,38.06242,38.062528,38.062637,38.062687,38.062746,38.062812,38.062881,38.062971,38.063068,38.063186,38.063307,38.063379,38.063418,38.063452,38.063545,38.063637,38.063725,38.063825,38.063935,38.06405,38.064149,38.064255,38.064697,38.065365,38.065514,38.065597,38.065818,38.065982,38.066111,38.066312,38.066427,38.066525,38.066606,38.06667,38.066701,38.067198,38.067305,38.067433,38.067563,38.06799,38.068066,38.068123,38.068206,38.068285,38.06836,38.068415,38.068475,38.068586,38.068665,38.0687,38.068728,38.06882,38.068884,38.068938,38.068991,38.069023,38.069067,38.069174,38.069296,38.069396,38.069468,38.069571,38.069637,38.069692,38.069769,38.069834,38.070068,38.07042,38.070502,38.070616,38.070718,38.070789,38.071256,38.071359,38.071558,38.071684,38.071816,38.071925,38.072063,38.072347,38.072581,38.072778,38.072919,38.073055,38.07314,38.073215,38.073293,38.073369,38.073441,38.073468,38.074242,38.074469,38.074706,38.074735,38.074746,38.074757,38.074735,38.074697,38.074625,38.074614,38.074625,38.074658,38.074686,38.074729,38.075004,38.075064,38.075097,38.075125,38.07513,38.075125,38.075042,38.074982,38.074861,38.074784,38.074718,38.074422,38.074356,38.074317,38.074306,38.074317,38.074345,38.074372,38.074482,38.074603,38.074701,38.07474,38.074822,38.074904,38.074981,38.075102,38.075146,38.075195,38.075267,38.07542,38.075486,38.075585,38.075646,38.075821,38.075936,38.07598,38.076063,38.076134,38.076167,38.076222,38.076332,38.07647,38.07653,38.076579,38.076788,38.076871,38.076986,38.077249,38.077442,38.077716,38.077886,38.078007,38.078106,38.078293,38.078375,38.078523,38.078683,38.078738,38.078803,38.078847,38.07888,38.078946,38.079006,38.079045,38.079067,38.079056,38.079039,38.078984,38.078869,38.078742,38.078638,38.078479,38.078341,38.078242,38.078149,38.078044,38.077946,38.077934,38.077929,38.077929,38.078005,38.078038,38.078044,38.078044,38.077944,38.077917,38.077911,38.077911,38.077928,38.077955,38.077982,38.078037,38.078098,38.078158,38.078202,38.078284,38.078356,38.078422,38.078509,38.078608,38.078652,38.078784,38.078872,38.07896,38.079097,38.079125,38.079185,38.079218,38.079273,38.079328,38.079405,38.079487,38.079575,38.079652,38.079734,38.079795,38.079828,38.079905,38.079976,38.080014,38.08002,38.080003,38.07991,38.079877,38.079866,38.079871,38.079882,38.079954,38.080047,38.08014,38.080497,38.081041,38.081167,38.081249,38.081337,38.081425,38.081518,38.081573,38.081595,38.081617,38.081672,38.081711,38.081743,38.081765,38.081787,38.081837,38.081881,38.08199,38.082265,38.082485,38.082627,38.082715,38.082748,38.082869,38.082929,38.083012,38.08305,38.083061,38.083055,38.082995,38.082913,38.082693,38.082292,38.08205,38.081962,38.08188,38.081847,38.081819,38.081808,38.081836,38.081857,38.081934,38.082011,38.082137,38.082269,38.082357,38.082626,38.082818,38.08295,38.083016,38.083104,38.083225,38.083351,38.083378,38.083516,38.083571,38.083724,38.083862,38.083928,38.083977,38.083999,38.08401,38.083999,38.08396,38.083889,38.08379,38.083603,38.083515,38.083361,38.08335,38.08329,38.083263,38.083208,38.083037,38.082697,38.082526,38.08247,38.082362,38.082092,38.082032,38.081955,38.081933,38.081911,38.0819,38.081872,38.081817,38.081779,38.081757,38.081746,38.081757,38.081773,38.081806,38.081839,38.081932,38.082015,38.082091,38.082168,38.082596,38.0828,38.08308,38.083563,38.083728,38.083837,38.084079,38.084513,38.084743,38.084891,38.084952,38.085133,38.085347,38.085775,38.085825,38.086,38.086165,38.086538,38.086802,38.086961,38.08734,38.08745,38.087648,38.087757,38.087884,38.088005,38.088125,38.088235,38.088334,38.088433,38.088504,38.088553,38.088641,38.088696,38.088828,38.088877,38.088937,38.089058,38.089184,38.089289,38.089338,38.089393,38.089481,38.089497,38.089524,38.08959,38.089634,38.089651,38.089859,38.089996,38.090084,38.090238,38.090353,38.090468,38.0906,38.090721,38.090962,38.091319,38.091457,38.091555,38.09166,38.091758,38.091797,38.091945,38.092038,38.092115,38.092192,38.092236,38.092258,38.092291,38.092329,38.092406,38.092444,38.092614,38.092675,38.092933,38.093092,38.093163,38.093223,38.093421,38.093718,38.0938,38.093866,38.093959,38.094157,38.094299,38.094393,38.094453,38.094541,38.094596,38.094706,38.094799,38.094887,38.094925,38.095008,38.095211,38.095458,38.095634,38.095705,38.095765,38.095826,38.095886,38.095919,38.095963,38.095973,38.096194,38.096461,38.096682,38.096888,38.097003,38.097353,38.097735,38.098116,38.098295,38.098414,38.098446,38.098408,38.098324,38.098175,38.09803,38.097935,38.097642,38.097588,38.09742,38.097229,38.096996,38.096354,38.09614,38.096019,38.09605,38.096454,38.096689,38.097035,38.097379,38.097621,38.098028,38.098248,38.098928,38.099481,38.09962,38.099636,38.099393,38.099282,38.098971,38.098653,38.098569,38.098543,38.098444,38.09802,38.097786,38.097682,38.0976,38.096905,38.096489,38.096277,38.096159,38.096049,38.096083,38.096087,38.09613,38.095866,38.095533,38.095253,38.095044,38.094958,38.094565,38.094478,38.094268,38.094239,38.094212,38.093928,38.093735,38.09363,38.092981,38.092897,38.092592,38.092104,38.091851,38.091627,38.091527,38.091219,38.091394,38.09122,38.091143,38.091137,38.091228,38.09129,38.09205,38.092828,38.093279,38.093459,38.093563,38.093765,38.094033,38.094415,38.094948,38.095693,38.096008,38.096964,38.097337,38.09806,38.099249,38.099874,38.10075,38.102089,38.102478,38.102799,38.103435,38.103844,38.104212,38.104561,38.104659,38.104757,38.104753,38.104746,38.104729,38.104637,38.10423,38.103829,38.103717,38.103485,38.103494,38.103266,38.103143,38.101775,38.101547,38.101527,38.101203,38.101129,38.101116,38.101011,38.100867,38.099765,38.098874,38.098232,38.097573,38.097474,38.096962,38.096381,38.095816,38.09564,38.095057,38.094558,38.09437,38.093924,38.093465,38.093303,38.092762,38.092218,38.091883,38.091733,38.091557,38.090897,38.090712,38.089039,38.087825,38.087258,38.086895,38.086271,38.085285,38.084319,38.083666,38.083082,38.082218,38.082014,38.081788,38.082,38.082206,38.082512,38.082623,38.082754,38.082875,38.0832,38.083342,38.083536,38.08385,38.085049,38.08534,38.085743,38.085964,38.086092,38.086424,38.086606,38.086746,38.086827,38.086895,38.086941,38.086952,38.086979,38.086991,38.086988,38.08697,38.086845,38.08683,38.086765,38.086709,38.086625,38.086509,38.085943,38.085625,38.085369,38.085107,38.084865,38.084782,38.084688,38.084532,38.083981,38.083819,38.083504,38.083438,38.083342,38.08315,38.082917,38.082762,38.082443,38.082174,38.081828,38.081262,38.081144,38.080171,38.079955,38.079794,38.079585,38.079372,38.079061,38.078918,38.078766,38.078381,38.078196,38.077341,38.076575,38.076398,38.075427,38.074639,38.074436,38.074324,38.074158,38.073818,38.073717,38.073558,38.073306,38.072989,38.072698,38.072586,38.072347,38.072222,38.071925,38.071202,38.071172,38.071107,38.07103,38.070881,38.070402,38.070272,38.069979,38.069651,38.069571,38.069225,38.068978,38.06874,38.068342,38.06819,38.067917,38.067798,38.06767,38.067513,38.067439,38.067231,38.067076,38.066912,38.066698,38.06658,38.066395,38.066092,38.065438,38.065347,38.065308,38.065179,38.065069,38.064924,38.064681,38.064582,38.064268,38.063631,38.063141,38.062747,38.062582,38.062278,38.061868,38.06176,38.061513,38.06143,38.061522,38.061602,38.061632,38.061652,38.061667,38.061662,38.061651,38.061646,38.061632,38.061633,38.061649,38.06168,38.061706,38.061763,38.061834,38.061918,38.061984,38.062137,38.062669,38.062731,38.063176,38.063246,38.063353,38.063464,38.063581,38.063735,38.063877,38.063676,38.063622,38.063557,38.063408,38.063389,38.063346,38.063045,38.062846,38.062637,38.062507,38.06241,38.062375,38.062299,38.062243,38.062163,38.062049,38.062026,38.062012,38.062008,38.062016,38.062041,38.062082,38.062139,38.062196,38.062303,38.062376,38.06245,38.062517,38.062551,38.062575,38.062633,38.062702,38.062732,38.062771,38.062819,38.062985,38.063102,38.063137,38.063201,38.06327,38.06335,38.063408,38.063451,38.063479,38.063505,38.063522,38.063534,38.063541,38.063532,38.063507,38.063492,38.063448,38.063386,38.063288,38.063184,38.063138,38.063069,38.06287,38.062771,38.062573,38.062141,38.061854,38.061304,38.060711,38.060652,38.060587,38.060409,38.060291,38.060102,38.059988,38.059868,38.059591,38.059254,38.059174,38.05911,38.058936,38.058876,38.058817,38.058763,38.058718,38.058622,38.058545,38.05848,38.058414,38.058334,38.05823,38.057753,38.057535,38.057452,38.057372,38.057238,38.057158,38.057055,38.056829,38.056513,38.056434,38.056375,38.056286,38.056255,38.056207,38.056154,38.056086,38.05602,38.056217,38.056491,38.056502,38.056396,38.056335,38.056205,38.056095,38.056036,38.055998,38.055976,38.055961,38.055815,38.05576,38.055702,38.055624,38.055582,38.055461,38.05527,38.055087,38.054802,38.054685,38.054377,38.054217,38.054048,38.053765,38.053632,38.053447,38.053265,38.05309,38.052844,38.052713,38.052465,38.052322,38.052157,38.051984,38.051912,38.051761,38.051634,38.051986,38.052218,38.052352,38.053469,38.053603,38.053927,38.054157,38.054354,38.054427,38.054503,38.054634,38.055122,38.055806,38.056226,38.056327,38.056405,38.056499,38.05657,38.056665,38.05675,38.056981,38.057077,38.057122,38.057252,38.057394,38.057472,38.057484,38.057545,38.057596,38.0577,38.057914,38.05815,38.058266,38.058592,38.058663,38.058693,38.058734,38.05876,38.05884,38.0589,38.059162,38.059265,38.059348,38.05945]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.725747,-78.725735,-78.725686,-78.725616,-78.725426,-78.725315,-78.72526,-78.725212,-78.72514,-78.72508,-78.725001,-78.724915,-78.724611,-78.724223,-78.723899,-78.723784,-78.723676,-78.723594,-78.723547,-78.723504,-78.72327,-78.722768,-78.721861,-78.721822,-78.721733,-78.721637,-78.721385,-78.72133,-78.721161,-78.721066,-78.721025,-78.720513,-78.720411,-78.720244,-78.720111,-78.720027,-78.719928,-78.71981,-78.719632,-78.719622,-78.719622,-78.719615,-78.719649,-78.719642,-78.719608,-78.719517,-78.719441,-78.71935,-78.719072,-78.719003,-78.718871,-78.71885,-78.718787,-78.718746,-78.718619,-78.718356,-78.718072,-78.717845,-78.717802,-78.717595,-78.717203,-78.717126,-78.717071,-78.716862,-78.716723,-78.716543,-78.716376,-78.716168,-78.716146,-78.715883,-78.71566,-78.715528,-78.715424,-78.715396,-78.715313,-78.715244,-78.715091,-78.714771,-78.714591,-78.714382,-78.714354,-78.714229,-78.713937,-78.713861,-78.713764,-78.713611,-78.713423,-78.713368,-78.713333,-78.713298,-78.713229,-78.713152,-78.71293,-78.712805,-78.712749,-78.712583,-78.712506,-78.712457,-78.712214,-78.712055,-78.711922,-78.711707,-78.711624,-78.711478,-78.711283,-78.711123,-78.711068,-78.711005,-78.710818,-78.710713,-78.710491,-78.71029,-78.710137,-78.709859,-78.709699,-78.709553,-78.7094,-78.70924,-78.70908,-78.7089,-78.70874,-78.708573,-78.708351,-78.70833,-78.708274,-78.708191,-78.708114,-78.708031,-78.707865,-78.707832,-78.707795,-78.707628,-78.707593,-78.707559,-78.70751,-78.70744,-78.707392,-78.707308,-78.707197,-78.707065,-78.706822,-78.706614,-78.706397,-78.706329,-78.706287,-78.706099,-78.705926,-78.705564,-78.705432,-78.705182,-78.704918,-78.704737,-78.704564,-78.704383,-78.704272,-78.704216,-78.70414,-78.704098,-78.704036,-78.703904,-78.703827,-78.70373,-78.703619,-78.703417,-78.703118,-78.702931,-78.702764,-78.702528,-78.702159,-78.701937,-78.701464,-78.701103,-78.700651,-78.70052,-78.700429,-78.700408,-78.700401,-78.700408,-78.70036,-78.700332,-78.700248,-78.700158,-78.699871,-78.699706,-78.699595,-78.699394,-78.699213,-78.699102,-78.698991,-78.698914,-78.698838,-78.698741,-78.698379,-78.697976,-78.697886,-78.697809,-78.697794,-78.697782,-78.697691,-78.697664,-78.69758,-78.697518,-78.697455,-78.697351,-78.697126,-78.69706,-78.697002,-78.696823,-78.69667,-78.696524,-78.696378,-78.696024,-78.695857,-78.695349,-78.695231,-78.695106,-78.694877,-78.694509,-78.694467,-78.694252,-78.694126,-78.694078,-78.694008,-78.693974,-78.693953,-78.693921,-78.693862,-78.693814,-78.69364,-78.693466,-78.693355,-78.693223,-78.693119,-78.693054,-78.692991,-78.692873,-78.69267,-78.692145,-78.691706,-78.691399,-78.691209,-78.691153,-78.691077,-78.690761,-78.690285,-78.689601,-78.689218,-78.688969,-78.688735,-78.688641,-78.688377,-78.687733,-78.687244,-78.685761,-78.684553,-78.684018,-78.682897,-78.682635,-78.682546,-78.682438,-78.682339,-78.682249,-78.682147,-78.682057,-78.681911,-78.681781,-78.68148,-78.681257,-78.681114,-78.680962,-78.680882,-78.680567,-78.680093,-78.679765,-78.679322,-78.679002,-78.677197,-78.676984,-78.67637,-78.676035,-78.675761,-78.675638,-78.675239,-78.674953,-78.674839,-78.674784,-78.674747,-78.674682,-78.674619,-78.674561,-78.674469,-78.67406,-78.673157,-78.672824,-78.672786,-78.672736,-78.672666,-78.672562,-78.672417,-78.672277,-78.672001,-78.671974,-78.671907,-78.671868,-78.671602,-78.671079,-78.670029,-78.669664,-78.668789,-78.66832,-78.668092,-78.667694,-78.667586,-78.667497,-78.667385,-78.667265,-78.667107,-78.666965,-78.666814,-78.666632,-78.666423,-78.666343,-78.666235,-78.66618,-78.66609,-78.666003,-78.665851,-78.665755,-78.665531,-78.665234,-78.665026,-78.664551,-78.664456,-78.664362,-78.664272,-78.664221,-78.66406,-78.66385,-78.663786,-78.663731,-78.663416,-78.663295,-78.663075,-78.662712,-78.662137,-78.660443,-78.65991,-78.659522,-78.65919,-78.658559,-78.658237,-78.658134,-78.658025,-78.657918,-78.657734,-78.657601,-78.65752,-78.657429,-78.657284,-78.657187,-78.657048,-78.657019,-78.656986,-78.656906,-78.656823,-78.656594,-78.656443,-78.656071,-78.655726,-78.655497,-78.6552,-78.654979,-78.654633,-78.654547,-78.654502,-78.65446,-78.654391,-78.654283,-78.654229,-78.654194,-78.654145,-78.654108,-78.65404,-78.654001,-78.653907,-78.653613,-78.653337,-78.653144,-78.652859,-78.652737,-78.652571,-78.652386,-78.652157,-78.652132,-78.652054,-78.651933,-78.651848,-78.651738,-78.650922,-78.650473,-78.650412,-78.650315,-78.650228,-78.650056,-78.649859,-78.649772,-78.64964,-78.649439,-78.649268,-78.649352,-78.649573,-78.650329,-78.650764,-78.65093,-78.651123,-78.65119,-78.65126,-78.651312,-78.651427,-78.651469,-78.651469,-78.651452,-78.651422,-78.651358,-78.651274,-78.651254,-78.651241,-78.651242,-78.651257,-78.651285,-78.651553,-78.651574,-78.651793,-78.651852,-78.651881,-78.651892,-78.651885,-78.651859,-78.651827,-78.651772,-78.651715,-78.651649,-78.651295,-78.651151,-78.650988,-78.650739,-78.65052,-78.650402,-78.650366,-78.650349,-78.65035,-78.650369,-78.650507,-78.650571,-78.650636,-78.650712,-78.650809,-78.651123,-78.651226,-78.651253,-78.651264,-78.651253,-78.65123,-78.651195,-78.651134,-78.651082,-78.651005,-78.650936,-78.650571,-78.650468,-78.650338,-78.650236,-78.650016,-78.649658,-78.649094,-78.649025,-78.648926,-78.648767,-78.648638,-78.648034,-78.647926,-78.647831,-78.64775,-78.647705,-78.647677,-78.647667,-78.64767,-78.647693,-78.648042,-78.648237,-78.648482,-78.648237,-78.64794,-78.647898,-78.647875,-78.647991,-78.64801,-78.648659,-78.649613,-78.65075,-78.651636,-78.652598,-78.65384,-78.654366,-78.65537,-78.655984,-78.656618,-78.657286,-78.658248,-78.659149,-78.660338,-78.66122,-78.661461,-78.662663,-78.663851,-78.664866,-78.665314,-78.665576,-78.665908,-78.666589,-78.666923,-78.667523,-78.667976,-78.66904,-78.669548,-78.67037,-78.671272,-78.671612,-78.673275,-78.673776,-78.674389,-78.674946,-78.675693,-78.675796,-78.676436,-78.676738,-78.677342,-78.677588,-78.678227,-78.679156,-78.680178,-78.68253,-78.684183,-78.68479,-78.685304,-78.687241,-78.688586,-78.692512,-78.692512,-78.692545,-78.692628,-78.692493,-78.692409,-78.692333,-78.692236,-78.691951,-78.69193,-78.691916,-78.691868,-78.691763,-78.69159,-78.691499,-78.691492,-78.691444,-78.691242,-78.691117,-78.691083,-78.690992,-78.690868,-78.690749,-78.690714,-78.690673,-78.690555,-78.690548,-78.690555,-78.690569,-78.691227,-78.691873,-78.692103,-78.692642,-78.693044,-78.69308,-78.693159,-78.693268,-78.693476,-78.693505,-78.693609,-78.69471,-78.696241,-78.696391,-78.698029,-78.698377,-78.698546,-78.698903,-78.699292,-78.699761,-78.699894,-78.699978,-78.700017,-78.700039,-78.700044,-78.69999,-78.699908,-78.699726,-78.699607,-78.699579,-78.699582,-78.699594,-78.699609,-78.69963,-78.699672,-78.699758,-78.700924,-78.701663,-78.702279,-78.702054,-78.702224,-78.702404,-78.703342,-78.704588,-78.704861,-78.705162,-78.705318,-78.70612,-78.706126,-78.706677,-78.706719,-78.706747,-78.70683,-78.706879,-78.707004,-78.707067,-78.707115,-78.707212,-78.707303,-78.707324,-78.707344,-78.707337,-78.707289,-78.707282,-78.707289,-78.707338,-78.707463,-78.707803,-78.707873,-78.707921,-78.707942,-78.707956,-78.707991,-78.70806,-78.708158,-78.70829,-78.708533,-78.708721,-78.708804,-78.708999,-78.70911,-78.709158,-78.709207,-78.709283,-78.709563,-78.709645,-78.709784,-78.709999,-78.710048,-78.710173,-78.710298,-78.710381,-78.710583,-78.710708,-78.71093,-78.711222,-78.711333,-78.711611,-78.711687,-78.711743,-78.711757,-78.711931,-78.712104,-78.712181,-78.712236,-78.712264,-78.712271,-78.712264,-78.712209,-78.712202,-78.712209,-78.712236,-78.712299,-78.712376,-78.71248,-78.712633,-78.712758,-78.713084,-78.71316,-78.713293,-78.713494,-78.713661,-78.713821,-78.713966,-78.714022,-78.714064,-78.714133,-78.714265,-78.714328,-78.714342,-78.714335,-78.714339,-78.714342,-78.714361,-78.714396,-78.714474,-78.714669,-78.714811,-78.714935,-78.715097,-78.715231,-78.715291,-78.715445,-78.715496,-78.715651,-78.71592,-78.71601,-78.716114,-78.716341,-78.716908,-78.717126,-78.717272,-78.717397,-78.717581,-78.717624,-78.717913,-78.718239,-78.718429,-78.718459,-78.718664,-78.718828,-78.71896,-78.71912,-78.719204,-78.719474,-78.71967,-78.71992,-78.72024,-78.720633,-78.720805,-78.720999,-78.721272,-78.721602,-78.721883,-78.722117,-78.722615,-78.722808,-78.722938,-78.723119,-78.723233,-78.723362,-78.723491,-78.72357,-78.723666,-78.72372,-78.723792,-78.723835,-78.723843,-78.723901,-78.724,-78.724063,-78.724091,-78.72412,-78.724173,-78.724243,-78.72427,-78.724439,-78.72454,-78.724667,-78.724774,-78.724836,-78.724881,-78.724907,-78.724958,-78.725033,-78.725067,-78.725095,-78.72511,-78.72514,-78.725161,-78.725194,-78.725352,-78.725417,-78.725456,-78.725471,-78.72547,-78.725451,-78.725396,-78.725377,-78.725379,-78.725401,-78.725421,-78.725546,-78.725561,-78.725579,-78.725564,-78.725564,-78.725578,-78.7256,-78.725713,-78.72574,-78.725747],"lat":[38.090141,38.090232,38.090411,38.090627,38.091354,38.091796,38.091912,38.091984,38.092053,38.092091,38.092127,38.092152,38.092182,38.092203,38.092228,38.09225,38.092287,38.092328,38.09236,38.092367,38.092407,38.092516,38.092733,38.092746,38.092783,38.09284,38.093002,38.093033,38.093215,38.093293,38.093321,38.09372,38.09382,38.093957,38.094093,38.094186,38.094269,38.094337,38.09442,38.094398,38.09433,38.094221,38.094067,38.094006,38.093941,38.093853,38.093787,38.093726,38.093573,38.093518,38.09343,38.093408,38.093364,38.09332,38.093211,38.093138,38.092952,38.09292,38.092871,38.092916,38.092788,38.092821,38.092832,38.092903,38.092964,38.09303,38.093085,38.093178,38.093185,38.093315,38.093381,38.093447,38.093535,38.093574,38.093629,38.093661,38.0937,38.093854,38.093953,38.09404,38.094057,38.094101,38.094161,38.094183,38.094266,38.094447,38.09459,38.094606,38.094628,38.09465,38.094683,38.094711,38.094738,38.094782,38.094793,38.094804,38.094826,38.094854,38.094952,38.094985,38.095018,38.095101,38.095145,38.095238,38.095332,38.095398,38.095409,38.095403,38.095332,38.095304,38.095304,38.095326,38.09537,38.095425,38.095431,38.09542,38.095398,38.095348,38.095293,38.095189,38.095085,38.095019,38.094904,38.094897,38.094876,38.094854,38.094849,38.094854,38.094904,38.094905,38.094926,38.094959,38.09497,38.095003,38.095074,38.09514,38.095167,38.095189,38.095195,38.095184,38.095096,38.094942,38.094859,38.094833,38.094827,38.094816,38.094822,38.094811,38.094822,38.094866,38.094904,38.09491,38.094899,38.094882,38.094893,38.094926,38.094998,38.095058,38.095168,38.095333,38.095398,38.095453,38.095492,38.095541,38.095569,38.095574,38.095569,38.09553,38.095459,38.095421,38.095382,38.09536,38.095388,38.095426,38.095465,38.095481,38.09552,38.095542,38.095596,38.095618,38.095651,38.095679,38.09573,38.095772,38.095833,38.095981,38.096085,38.096162,38.096223,38.096239,38.09625,38.096241,38.096168,38.096063,38.096052,38.096063,38.096077,38.096096,38.096168,38.096195,38.096234,38.096278,38.09631,38.096338,38.096372,38.096387,38.096393,38.096426,38.09647,38.096475,38.096464,38.09642,38.096409,38.096442,38.096437,38.096398,38.0963,38.096118,38.096091,38.095976,38.095893,38.095844,38.095685,38.095591,38.09556,38.095517,38.095465,38.095437,38.095394,38.095377,38.095355,38.095317,38.095278,38.095234,38.095267,38.095325,38.095427,38.095681,38.095366,38.095125,38.094991,38.094966,38.094947,38.094939,38.094951,38.094961,38.09496,38.094977,38.094999,38.095003,38.095004,38.095018,38.095033,38.09507,38.095119,38.095128,38.095173,38.09517,38.095156,38.095126,38.095083,38.095027,38.094945,38.094855,38.094672,38.094508,38.094089,38.093811,38.093652,38.093499,38.093425,38.093112,38.092629,38.092285,38.091804,38.091464,38.089557,38.089323,38.088673,38.088316,38.088034,38.087896,38.087464,38.087137,38.087036,38.08701,38.087,38.086995,38.087004,38.087027,38.087083,38.087384,38.088028,38.088251,38.088269,38.088289,38.088308,38.088324,38.088306,38.088273,38.088191,38.088187,38.088187,38.088194,38.08827,38.088469,38.088879,38.089019,38.089401,38.089585,38.089657,38.089796,38.089818,38.089825,38.089822,38.089801,38.089758,38.089701,38.089616,38.089482,38.089303,38.089254,38.089212,38.089203,38.089203,38.089218,38.089264,38.089293,38.089336,38.089372,38.089384,38.089368,38.089362,38.089372,38.089396,38.089417,38.089503,38.089643,38.089666,38.089676,38.089672,38.089668,38.089657,38.089636,38.089596,38.089495,38.089473,38.08947,38.089486,38.089544,38.08857,38.088209,38.087826,38.087472,38.086865,38.086374,38.086094,38.085776,38.085234,38.084831,38.084281,38.084193,38.084116,38.083982,38.083878,38.083658,38.083525,38.083198,38.082878,38.082631,38.082332,38.082158,38.081876,38.081777,38.081706,38.081612,38.081353,38.080885,38.080722,38.080639,38.080521,38.080462,38.080373,38.080332,38.08025,38.080049,38.079874,38.079738,38.07953,38.079419,38.079237,38.079014,38.078661,38.078628,38.078547,38.078454,38.078398,38.078342,38.078085,38.077937,38.07792,38.077882,38.077832,38.077706,38.077547,38.07746,38.077307,38.076976,38.076684,38.076597,38.076304,38.075275,38.074713,38.074511,38.07425,38.074126,38.073966,38.073802,38.073278,38.073046,38.072939,38.07282,38.072715,38.072511,38.07221,38.072109,38.071988,38.071837,38.071728,38.071621,38.070967,38.070916,38.070328,38.070137,38.069952,38.069731,38.069525,38.069361,38.069237,38.069084,38.068963,38.068846,38.068331,38.068135,38.067943,38.067632,38.06737,38.067225,38.067153,38.067076,38.066969,38.06687,38.066423,38.066212,38.066059,38.065924,38.065778,38.065364,38.065194,38.065117,38.065008,38.064932,38.06486,38.064808,38.064756,38.064733,38.06472,38.064723,38.064802,38.064812,38.064812,38.064801,38.064766,38.064721,38.06462,38.064592,38.06454,38.06443,38.064348,38.063929,38.063861,38.063783,38.063695,38.063628,38.063552,38.063488,38.063413,38.063331,38.062729,38.062393,38.062016,38.061999,38.061988,38.061986,38.061987,38.061554,38.061557,38.061663,38.061792,38.061936,38.061992,38.06195,38.061743,38.061659,38.0615,38.061376,38.061329,38.061339,38.061483,38.061637,38.061854,38.061997,38.062036,38.062232,38.062422,38.06264,38.062772,38.062854,38.062958,38.063202,38.063345,38.063644,38.063848,38.064327,38.064561,38.064943,38.065485,38.065744,38.066959,38.067295,38.067585,38.067876,38.068167,38.068208,38.068396,38.068486,38.068608,38.068659,38.068758,38.068863,38.068873,38.068847,38.068863,38.068858,38.06881,38.0688,38.068816,38.068791,38.068294,38.067788,38.066718,38.066773,38.0668,38.066811,38.0668,38.066723,38.06669,38.066619,38.066493,38.066323,38.066224,38.066136,38.066118,38.066086,38.065911,38.065746,38.065675,38.065345,38.065106,38.064873,38.064721,38.064543,38.064186,38.064088,38.063989,38.063956,38.063466,38.064049,38.063937,38.063529,38.063245,38.063212,38.06315,38.063082,38.062985,38.063001,38.063045,38.063337,38.063734,38.063772,38.064187,38.064282,38.064324,38.064414,38.064507,38.064619,38.064656,38.064693,38.064727,38.064769,38.064814,38.065006,38.065344,38.066114,38.066642,38.066779,38.066799,38.066827,38.066847,38.066865,38.066882,38.066903,38.067117,38.06726,38.067391,38.067766,38.067826,38.067874,38.068096,38.068389,38.068449,38.068501,38.068514,38.068527,38.068548,38.069386,38.069435,38.069457,38.069495,38.069506,38.069572,38.069622,38.069671,38.069803,38.069896,38.069935,38.070011,38.070061,38.07022,38.070297,38.070379,38.070528,38.070758,38.071203,38.071307,38.071434,38.071505,38.071857,38.071994,38.072148,38.07229,38.07245,38.072812,38.07302,38.073086,38.073196,38.073284,38.073312,38.073333,38.073344,38.073357,38.073361,38.073383,38.073432,38.073449,38.07352,38.073624,38.073701,38.073871,38.073965,38.074168,38.074387,38.074481,38.074668,38.074728,38.074766,38.074783,38.074925,38.075079,38.075173,38.075255,38.075315,38.075387,38.075458,38.07559,38.075667,38.075733,38.075799,38.075886,38.075958,38.076024,38.076095,38.076133,38.076199,38.076208,38.076216,38.076254,38.076293,38.076347,38.076424,38.076463,38.076496,38.07655,38.076688,38.076803,38.076929,38.077149,38.077266,38.077352,38.077529,38.077537,38.077559,38.077614,38.07767,38.077728,38.077818,38.07791,38.077961,38.078107,38.078163,38.078335,38.078597,38.078676,38.078762,38.078915,38.079245,38.079392,38.079509,38.079628,38.079842,38.079899,38.080329,38.080797,38.081084,38.081125,38.081408,38.081617,38.081757,38.08191,38.081992,38.082208,38.082326,38.082474,38.082685,38.082975,38.083114,38.08325,38.083406,38.083564,38.083664,38.083732,38.083844,38.083899,38.083945,38.084026,38.08409,38.084181,38.084293,38.08438,38.084515,38.084614,38.084782,38.084945,38.084991,38.085309,38.085946,38.086392,38.086533,38.086586,38.08664,38.08668,38.086689,38.086765,38.08681,38.086882,38.08696,38.087031,38.087109,38.087192,38.08742,38.087719,38.087828,38.087882,38.087907,38.087949,38.087973,38.088007,38.088142,38.088212,38.088276,38.088336,38.088385,38.08849,38.08862,38.088712,38.088792,38.088851,38.088885,38.089045,38.089087,38.0892,38.089357,38.089468,38.089591,38.089666,38.089961,38.090051,38.090141]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.473788,-78.473613,-78.47347,-78.472971,-78.472639,-78.472264,-78.471709,-78.471146,-78.47079,-78.470583,-78.47026,-78.469568,-78.468607,-78.468501,-78.468139,-78.468043,-78.467943,-78.467732,-78.467421,-78.467128,-78.467033,-78.466766,-78.466497,-78.466369,-78.46599,-78.465526,-78.465381,-78.464933,-78.464463,-78.464049,-78.463974,-78.463441,-78.46294,-78.462231,-78.461349,-78.461235,-78.460863,-78.460008,-78.459934,-78.45857,-78.458214,-78.457877,-78.457647,-78.4569,-78.456165,-78.455927,-78.4557,-78.455027,-78.454953,-78.454645,-78.454144,-78.454008,-78.453935,-78.453663,-78.453589,-78.452639,-78.452062,-78.45138,-78.45103,-78.45017,-78.450069,-78.449758,-78.449122,-78.448768,-78.44866,-78.448426,-78.447302,-78.446782,-78.446262,-78.445709,-78.445687,-78.445378,-78.44506,-78.445046,-78.445195,-78.445108,-78.444827,-78.444017,-78.443507,-78.443815,-78.443794,-78.443479,-78.443616,-78.443212,-78.442982,-78.443022,-78.443063,-78.443615,-78.444728,-78.445404,-78.447344,-78.44895,-78.450298,-78.451885,-78.453091,-78.453996,-78.454392,-78.455021,-78.455725,-78.456678,-78.458182,-78.459766,-78.461216,-78.461862,-78.462563,-78.463145,-78.463389,-78.463752,-78.46411,-78.46441,-78.46456,-78.464619,-78.464596,-78.464578,-78.464525,-78.464442,-78.464353,-78.464262,-78.464265,-78.464218,-78.464163,-78.464164,-78.464181,-78.464215,-78.464405,-78.465033,-78.46547,-78.466278,-78.466314,-78.466623,-78.466889,-78.466902,-78.467143,-78.467383,-78.467532,-78.467605,-78.467771,-78.46791,-78.467946,-78.468022,-78.468101,-78.468201,-78.468272,-78.468318,-78.468345,-78.46836,-78.46837,-78.468356,-78.468322,-78.468224,-78.468076,-78.468006,-78.467991,-78.467964,-78.467956,-78.467965,-78.467983,-78.468005,-78.468039,-78.468097,-78.468159,-78.468195,-78.468263,-78.46835,-78.468429,-78.468554,-78.468676,-78.468796,-78.468977,-78.469132,-78.469382,-78.469653,-78.46988,-78.470166,-78.470424,-78.470622,-78.470703,-78.471069,-78.471223,-78.471338,-78.471492,-78.471658,-78.471767,-78.471876,-78.471999,-78.472243,-78.472569,-78.47269,-78.473336,-78.47341,-78.473666,-78.473788],"lat":[38.081788,38.082014,38.082218,38.083082,38.083666,38.084319,38.085285,38.086271,38.086895,38.087258,38.087825,38.089039,38.090712,38.090897,38.091557,38.091733,38.091883,38.092218,38.092762,38.093303,38.093465,38.093924,38.09437,38.094558,38.095057,38.09564,38.095816,38.096381,38.096962,38.097474,38.097573,38.098232,38.098874,38.099765,38.100867,38.101011,38.100792,38.10045,38.100367,38.099806,38.099537,38.099379,38.099165,38.098766,38.098514,38.098335,38.098302,38.097987,38.097903,38.097823,38.097569,38.097549,38.097466,38.097426,38.097343,38.097205,38.097267,38.097568,38.097662,38.098119,38.09854,38.098858,38.099165,38.099077,38.099135,38.099137,38.098938,38.098572,38.098092,38.097582,38.097557,38.097207,38.09658,38.096251,38.095438,38.095032,38.094441,38.093525,38.092725,38.091644,38.090951,38.089344,38.088873,38.088507,38.088247,38.088188,38.08813,38.087377,38.085765,38.085307,38.083995,38.082949,38.08212,38.081109,38.080225,38.07936,38.078987,38.078396,38.077808,38.077107,38.076065,38.075053,38.074098,38.073591,38.072966,38.072404,38.072074,38.071514,38.070846,38.070164,38.069552,38.068964,38.06859,38.068283,38.067972,38.067507,38.067098,38.066771,38.066756,38.066522,38.066155,38.065949,38.065665,38.065244,38.064699,38.065237,38.065777,38.066926,38.066979,38.067436,38.06783,38.067851,38.068214,38.068586,38.068812,38.068925,38.069165,38.069376,38.069429,38.069551,38.069705,38.069927,38.070139,38.07032,38.07048,38.070628,38.070796,38.071067,38.071299,38.071759,38.072455,38.072812,38.072926,38.073224,38.073497,38.073692,38.073895,38.074057,38.074319,38.074677,38.075069,38.075248,38.075482,38.075705,38.075874,38.076091,38.076265,38.076413,38.07661,38.07676,38.076959,38.077152,38.077293,38.077446,38.077562,38.077643,38.07768,38.077849,38.077932,38.078003,38.078114,38.078255,38.078365,38.078491,38.078654,38.079041,38.07959,38.079815,38.080941,38.081081,38.081552,38.081788]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.460982,-78.460958,-78.460902,-78.460869,-78.460839,-78.460754,-78.460645,-78.460565,-78.46039,-78.460352,-78.460238,-78.460061,-78.45991,-78.459733,-78.459518,-78.458673,-78.458559,-78.458535,-78.457815,-78.457239,-78.456492,-78.456392,-78.455949,-78.455495,-78.45512,-78.455013,-78.454904,-78.454771,-78.454407,-78.454042,-78.45375,-78.453494,-78.453271,-78.453105,-78.452813,-78.452402,-78.45013,-78.448927,-78.448312,-78.448098,-78.447793,-78.447601,-78.447452,-78.446525,-78.44607,-78.444766,-78.444114,-78.441123,-78.440493,-78.4392,-78.438781,-78.437844,-78.437821,-78.437083,-78.436915,-78.43537,-78.434965,-78.434661,-78.432445,-78.432048,-78.430491,-78.431066,-78.431471,-78.431953,-78.432039,-78.432139,-78.432335,-78.432404,-78.432465,-78.432511,-78.432827,-78.432987,-78.433174,-78.433263,-78.433328,-78.433366,-78.433401,-78.433413,-78.433446,-78.433498,-78.433548,-78.433667,-78.434025,-78.434075,-78.434123,-78.434206,-78.434224,-78.434227,-78.434204,-78.434133,-78.434053,-78.434028,-78.434027,-78.434039,-78.434072,-78.43415,-78.434395,-78.434628,-78.434771,-78.434698,-78.43397,-78.43228,-78.432135,-78.431917,-78.431722,-78.431535,-78.431271,-78.431206,-78.431026,-78.430602,-78.430543,-78.43053,-78.430352,-78.430009,-78.429839,-78.429785,-78.429692,-78.429656,-78.429357,-78.429249,-78.429182,-78.429,-78.428889,-78.428714,-78.42855,-78.428366,-78.428162,-78.427945,-78.427806,-78.427545,-78.427397,-78.427182,-78.426961,-78.426601,-78.426425,-78.426204,-78.425924,-78.425669,-78.425463,-78.425137,-78.425017,-78.424945,-78.424744,-78.424735,-78.424867,-78.425033,-78.425894,-78.426102,-78.426338,-78.426602,-78.426914,-78.427601,-78.427893,-78.428163,-78.428309,-78.428601,-78.428767,-78.429239,-78.429406,-78.429538,-78.429572,-78.429586,-78.429656,-78.429757,-78.430318,-78.431041,-78.431248,-78.431519,-78.433437,-78.433881,-78.434161,-78.434268,-78.435353,-78.436517,-78.438209,-78.439139,-78.440939,-78.441493,-78.441855,-78.442002,-78.442511,-78.442918,-78.443065,-78.443364,-78.445091,-78.446665,-78.446829,-78.447145,-78.447411,-78.447733,-78.4478,-78.44798,-78.448053,-78.448302,-78.448376,-78.448402,-78.448634,-78.448759,-78.448937,-78.449409,-78.450025,-78.450375,-78.450971,-78.451095,-78.451696,-78.451761,-78.451782,-78.451841,-78.451907,-78.452049,-78.452366,-78.453001,-78.453455,-78.453633,-78.453785,-78.453977,-78.454296,-78.454649,-78.454752,-78.454668,-78.454466,-78.453773,-78.453253,-78.452829,-78.452596,-78.452464,-78.452356,-78.452238,-78.452213,-78.452262,-78.452619,-78.453115,-78.453594,-78.454123,-78.454501,-78.454892,-78.45522,-78.455644,-78.456268,-78.457452,-78.457806,-78.45796,-78.458147,-78.458311,-78.458684,-78.458775,-78.459257,-78.45949,-78.459559,-78.459712,-78.460025,-78.46016,-78.460351,-78.460601,-78.460732,-78.460878,-78.460959,-78.460982],"lat":[38.028739,38.028987,38.029203,38.029329,38.029446,38.029562,38.029711,38.029819,38.030956,38.031664,38.032273,38.032801,38.03318,38.03344,38.033669,38.034443,38.034547,38.034559,38.034935,38.035206,38.035904,38.035991,38.036419,38.036862,38.037269,38.037399,38.037358,38.03732,38.037268,38.037215,38.037161,38.037155,38.037078,38.037001,38.036886,38.036645,38.037816,38.038449,38.038787,38.03892,38.039139,38.039299,38.039435,38.039042,38.038972,38.03877,38.038677,38.036207,38.035686,38.034716,38.03441,38.033701,38.033686,38.033217,38.033111,38.031992,38.031665,38.031389,38.029649,38.029335,38.028127,38.027177,38.027086,38.026995,38.02697,38.026926,38.026805,38.026777,38.026763,38.026759,38.026757,38.026752,38.026733,38.026709,38.026679,38.02665,38.026606,38.026582,38.026588,38.026576,38.026549,38.026444,38.026096,38.026029,38.025939,38.025661,38.02555,38.025395,38.025248,38.024992,38.024765,38.024672,38.02462,38.024571,38.024511,38.024413,38.024149,38.023953,38.023837,38.02379,38.023321,38.022257,38.02216,38.021999,38.021842,38.021678,38.021423,38.021354,38.021155,38.020617,38.020541,38.020523,38.020275,38.019795,38.019539,38.019456,38.019329,38.019272,38.018862,38.018714,38.018621,38.018371,38.018208,38.017978,38.017789,38.017606,38.017428,38.01726,38.017165,38.01701,38.016931,38.016826,38.016729,38.016594,38.016537,38.016478,38.016417,38.016375,38.016351,38.016325,38.016312,38.016303,38.016272,38.015813,38.015582,38.015461,38.015319,38.015335,38.015368,38.015373,38.015363,38.015308,38.015302,38.015313,38.015302,38.015236,38.015165,38.014891,38.01483,38.014682,38.014568,38.014523,38.01388,38.013632,38.013626,38.013731,38.013652,38.013692,38.013498,38.013599,38.013603,38.013546,38.013703,38.013727,38.0135,38.013526,38.013824,38.014049,38.014102,38.014268,38.014487,38.014546,38.014713,38.014829,38.015043,38.015307,38.015404,38.01545,38.015706,38.016116,38.016312,38.016841,38.016929,38.017229,38.017318,38.017349,38.01757,38.017707,38.017902,38.017936,38.01798,38.018014,38.018073,38.018177,38.018504,38.01854,38.018602,38.018815,38.018993,38.019247,38.019716,38.020109,38.020353,38.020492,38.02061,38.020596,38.020574,38.020812,38.021054,38.021604,38.022181,38.023607,38.024603,38.025312,38.025981,38.026649,38.027102,38.027431,38.027733,38.027969,38.02841,38.028879,38.029258,38.029577,38.029687,38.029747,38.029747,38.02969,38.029505,38.028937,38.028636,38.028525,38.028295,38.028066,38.027561,38.027506,38.027384,38.027343,38.027334,38.027326,38.027368,38.027432,38.02755,38.027782,38.027962,38.028252,38.028519,38.028739]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.466207,-78.466169,-78.466115,-78.466075,-78.466025,-78.465853,-78.465769,-78.465669,-78.465603,-78.465256,-78.465054,-78.464782,-78.464542,-78.464443,-78.464301,-78.463903,-78.463571,-78.463451,-78.463365,-78.463292,-78.46312,-78.463056,-78.462978,-78.462894,-78.462818,-78.462708,-78.462638,-78.462555,-78.462482,-78.462417,-78.462366,-78.46223,-78.462183,-78.462054,-78.462005,-78.461959,-78.46193,-78.46188,-78.461849,-78.461799,-78.461733,-78.461346,-78.460838,-78.460724,-78.460629,-78.460538,-78.460128,-78.460109,-78.460071,-78.460039,-78.459875,-78.459857,-78.459646,-78.459449,-78.459288,-78.459236,-78.459203,-78.459188,-78.459188,-78.459187,-78.459183,-78.459164,-78.459155,-78.459083,-78.459052,-78.45891,-78.45884,-78.458788,-78.45877,-78.458755,-78.458757,-78.458777,-78.458841,-78.458879,-78.459014,-78.459041,-78.459349,-78.459655,-78.460256,-78.460511,-78.460715,-78.46098,-78.461301,-78.461779,-78.461284,-78.460978,-78.460735,-78.460606,-78.460509,-78.460267,-78.46017,-78.460025,-78.45988,-78.459718,-78.458641,-78.458314,-78.457927,-78.45759,-78.457254,-78.456821,-78.456496,-78.456177,-78.455824,-78.455522,-78.455419,-78.455307,-78.45386,-78.45342,-78.453245,-78.453117,-78.452972,-78.452891,-78.452763,-78.452683,-78.45197,-78.451733,-78.45121,-78.450688,-78.450433,-78.450215,-78.449964,-78.449853,-78.449741,-78.449588,-78.449501,-78.449421,-78.449302,-78.449204,-78.448984,-78.448608,-78.448344,-78.448195,-78.448078,-78.44787,-78.447771,-78.447664,-78.447596,-78.447315,-78.447219,-78.447171,-78.447131,-78.447104,-78.447097,-78.447101,-78.44712,-78.447047,-78.446817,-78.446683,-78.446598,-78.446508,-78.446422,-78.446378,-78.446329,-78.44614,-78.446089,-78.446055,-78.446035,-78.446027,-78.446033,-78.446076,-78.446097,-78.446165,-78.446237,-78.446326,-78.446527,-78.446719,-78.446886,-78.447279,-78.447396,-78.447477,-78.447546,-78.447595,-78.447642,-78.447666,-78.447677,-78.44767,-78.447648,-78.447612,-78.447564,-78.447492,-78.447367,-78.44718,-78.447037,-78.446881,-78.446762,-78.446491,-78.446227,-78.446063,-78.445814,-78.445599,-78.445377,-78.445106,-78.444861,-78.444672,-78.444527,-78.444431,-78.44431,-78.444222,-78.444109,-78.444008,-78.443939,-78.443848,-78.443801,-78.443742,-78.443698,-78.443531,-78.443426,-78.443358,-78.443274,-78.442989,-78.442585,-78.442476,-78.442352,-78.442214,-78.442033,-78.441854,-78.441698,-78.441464,-78.441195,-78.440976,-78.440719,-78.440466,-78.440277,-78.440095,-78.439977,-78.439831,-78.439606,-78.439545,-78.439413,-78.439336,-78.439241,-78.439103,-78.438984,-78.438892,-78.438789,-78.438706,-78.438438,-78.438202,-78.437565,-78.437205,-78.43683,-78.436467,-78.436214,-78.435919,-78.435809,-78.435713,-78.435666,-78.435447,-78.435333,-78.435179,-78.435086,-78.434978,-78.434697,-78.434598,-78.434492,-78.434255,-78.434085,-78.433611,-78.433482,-78.433389,-78.433331,-78.433245,-78.433187,-78.433123,-78.433065,-78.432931,-78.432912,-78.432833,-78.432811,-78.432808,-78.432816,-78.432865,-78.432984,-78.433021,-78.433039,-78.433034,-78.433011,-78.43298,-78.432938,-78.432881,-78.432814,-78.432733,-78.432678,-78.432349,-78.432289,-78.43225,-78.432215,-78.432183,-78.432146,-78.431834,-78.431677,-78.431538,-78.431315,-78.431214,-78.431157,-78.431071,-78.430968,-78.43084,-78.430803,-78.430574,-78.430468,-78.430358,-78.430277,-78.430175,-78.430076,-78.430038,-78.42981,-78.429741,-78.429651,-78.429578,-78.429408,-78.42922,-78.429045,-78.428939,-78.428843,-78.428429,-78.427586,-78.426974,-78.426839,-78.426681,-78.426599,-78.426469,-78.426349,-78.426227,-78.425971,-78.42558,-78.425205,-78.425093,-78.424722,-78.424672,-78.424317,-78.423906,-78.423759,-78.423906,-78.424316,-78.424458,-78.42469,-78.424936,-78.425223,-78.425352,-78.425434,-78.425475,-78.425657,-78.426419,-78.426568,-78.426676,-78.42688,-78.427176,-78.427664,-78.427711,-78.427759,-78.427612,-78.427074,-78.426289,-78.425932,-78.424715,-78.424596,-78.42376,-78.423514,-78.423016,-78.422761,-78.422393,-78.422308,-78.422489,-78.422304,-78.422064,-78.421962,-78.421861,-78.421912,-78.422346,-78.4234,-78.423879,-78.423982,-78.4249,-78.425718,-78.427263,-78.427277,-78.427641,-78.427887,-78.428275,-78.428348,-78.428859,-78.429464,-78.429836,-78.430468,-78.430917,-78.432173,-78.433195,-78.433416,-78.43357,-78.433695,-78.434293,-78.434673,-78.435169,-78.435287,-78.435921,-78.437902,-78.437997,-78.439371,-78.440006,-78.440922,-78.441529,-78.442392,-78.444661,-78.4458,-78.446411,-78.44692,-78.447315,-78.447677,-78.448006,-78.448773,-78.449172,-78.449702,-78.450137,-78.45032,-78.450419,-78.450496,-78.450908,-78.45106,-78.451686,-78.451975,-78.452572,-78.452656,-78.452856,-78.453172,-78.453294,-78.453769,-78.453942,-78.454093,-78.454206,-78.454296,-78.454476,-78.455347,-78.45544,-78.456598,-78.4569,-78.45751,-78.457804,-78.458603,-78.459568,-78.460009,-78.460544,-78.461138,-78.461235,-78.461416,-78.461437,-78.4617,-78.462184,-78.46232,-78.462714,-78.465074,-78.46542,-78.46574,-78.465755,-78.465749,-78.465804,-78.465829,-78.46589,-78.465959,-78.466023,-78.466092,-78.466147,-78.466181,-78.466208,-78.466207],"lat":[38.105013,38.105094,38.105168,38.105209,38.105272,38.105492,38.105591,38.10568,38.105728,38.105941,38.106073,38.106273,38.106427,38.106486,38.106553,38.106742,38.106881,38.106952,38.107024,38.107104,38.107327,38.107386,38.107435,38.10747,38.107485,38.107495,38.10751,38.107542,38.107587,38.107645,38.107711,38.107972,38.108051,38.108243,38.108306,38.108392,38.108482,38.108861,38.108979,38.109094,38.109203,38.109771,38.110482,38.110668,38.110857,38.11109,38.112025,38.112077,38.112195,38.112334,38.113431,38.113546,38.114315,38.114876,38.11534,38.115547,38.115757,38.115968,38.116081,38.116408,38.116817,38.117177,38.117353,38.117853,38.117975,38.118534,38.11875,38.118967,38.119102,38.119269,38.119426,38.119643,38.119937,38.120087,38.120491,38.120561,38.121212,38.121781,38.122807,38.123245,38.123618,38.12389,38.124182,38.124587,38.125072,38.125466,38.125872,38.126202,38.126482,38.12765,38.127638,38.127676,38.12779,38.127651,38.127603,38.127579,38.127566,38.127566,38.127606,38.127691,38.127786,38.127902,38.128086,38.12827,38.128325,38.128416,38.129607,38.129953,38.130075,38.130179,38.130319,38.130407,38.130569,38.130688,38.131842,38.132233,38.133095,38.13397,38.134397,38.134761,38.135161,38.135311,38.135444,38.135604,38.135682,38.135754,38.13585,38.135919,38.136062,38.136309,38.136482,38.136591,38.136677,38.136851,38.136944,38.137064,38.137152,38.137407,38.13742,38.137438,38.137467,38.137501,38.13755,38.137584,38.137631,38.137843,38.138157,38.138341,38.138474,38.138646,38.138856,38.138995,38.13922,38.140242,38.140496,38.140751,38.140978,38.141169,38.14132,38.14162,38.141711,38.141927,38.14209,38.142249,38.142562,38.142794,38.142975,38.143375,38.143515,38.143633,38.143753,38.143864,38.144007,38.144125,38.144277,38.144421,38.144552,38.14468,38.144806,38.144953,38.145162,38.145428,38.145601,38.145764,38.145879,38.146112,38.146303,38.146407,38.146551,38.146658,38.146753,38.146861,38.146947,38.147029,38.147104,38.14716,38.147247,38.147324,38.147441,38.14757,38.147679,38.147861,38.147974,38.148139,38.14828,38.148835,38.149126,38.149269,38.149407,38.149832,38.150425,38.150552,38.150671,38.150779,38.150899,38.150997,38.151069,38.151156,38.151233,38.151279,38.151319,38.151339,38.151339,38.151318,38.151294,38.151249,38.151181,38.151162,38.151128,38.151109,38.151099,38.151104,38.151128,38.151163,38.151222,38.15128,38.151512,38.15171,38.15226,38.152549,38.152875,38.153182,38.153373,38.153617,38.153729,38.15385,38.153938,38.154517,38.154746,38.154956,38.15505,38.155133,38.155328,38.155403,38.155503,38.155766,38.15593,38.156294,38.156418,38.156524,38.1566,38.15672,38.156833,38.157077,38.157227,38.157514,38.157574,38.157817,38.157948,38.158081,38.15816,38.158308,38.158578,38.158706,38.158837,38.15901,38.159159,38.159277,38.159369,38.159452,38.15952,38.159578,38.159607,38.159759,38.159802,38.159843,38.159901,38.15997,38.160022,38.160352,38.160544,38.160743,38.161197,38.161379,38.161456,38.161545,38.161626,38.161708,38.161728,38.161821,38.161851,38.161873,38.161878,38.161873,38.161853,38.161842,38.161746,38.161727,38.161717,38.16172,38.161753,38.161789,38.16181,38.161815,38.161811,38.161796,38.161792,38.161799,38.161807,38.161835,38.16186,38.161912,38.161978,38.162063,38.162244,38.162512,38.162763,38.16286,38.163296,38.163353,38.163207,38.162966,38.1628,38.162385,38.162045,38.161848,38.161083,38.160646,38.160458,38.16036,38.160276,38.160246,38.159989,38.159554,38.159322,38.159265,38.158977,38.157776,38.157349,38.157309,38.156916,38.15675,38.156454,38.155433,38.155163,38.154769,38.154679,38.154449,38.154305,38.154233,38.154123,38.153707,38.153476,38.152922,38.152713,38.152532,38.152456,38.152379,38.152298,38.1516,38.149936,38.149181,38.149017,38.147586,38.146293,38.143873,38.143851,38.143278,38.14289,38.142291,38.142178,38.141359,38.140424,38.139833,38.138847,38.138131,38.13616,38.134572,38.134269,38.134058,38.133887,38.13317,38.132753,38.132232,38.132123,38.13154,38.129754,38.129669,38.128436,38.127866,38.127044,38.126494,38.125724,38.123687,38.12267,38.122124,38.121631,38.1212,38.120726,38.120242,38.119065,38.118448,38.117634,38.116993,38.116697,38.116537,38.11642,38.115798,38.115568,38.11461,38.114186,38.113282,38.113144,38.112817,38.112318,38.112125,38.111409,38.111128,38.110899,38.110708,38.110569,38.110311,38.108986,38.108845,38.107068,38.106619,38.105695,38.105297,38.10429,38.103126,38.102564,38.101882,38.101133,38.101011,38.101116,38.101129,38.101203,38.101527,38.101547,38.101775,38.103143,38.103266,38.103494,38.10358,38.103948,38.104278,38.104666,38.104683,38.10471,38.104744,38.104797,38.104859,38.104914,38.104986,38.105013]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.452572,-78.451975,-78.451686,-78.45106,-78.450908,-78.450496,-78.450419,-78.45032,-78.450137,-78.449702,-78.449172,-78.448773,-78.448006,-78.447677,-78.447315,-78.44692,-78.446411,-78.4458,-78.444661,-78.442392,-78.441529,-78.440922,-78.440006,-78.439371,-78.437997,-78.437902,-78.435921,-78.435287,-78.435169,-78.434673,-78.434293,-78.433695,-78.43357,-78.433416,-78.433195,-78.432173,-78.430917,-78.430468,-78.429836,-78.429464,-78.428859,-78.428348,-78.428275,-78.427887,-78.427641,-78.427277,-78.427263,-78.425718,-78.4249,-78.423982,-78.423879,-78.4234,-78.422346,-78.421912,-78.421861,-78.421472,-78.421016,-78.420028,-78.419405,-78.419136,-78.418438,-78.41833,-78.418296,-78.418126,-78.418092,-78.417953,-78.417167,-78.417017,-78.41695,-78.416859,-78.416836,-78.416635,-78.416259,-78.41554,-78.415356,-78.415211,-78.414979,-78.414919,-78.415001,-78.415284,-78.415796,-78.416439,-78.417879,-78.418567,-78.418684,-78.418972,-78.419688,-78.419994,-78.420072,-78.420207,-78.420508,-78.421151,-78.42121,-78.421116,-78.420853,-78.42094,-78.420801,-78.420509,-78.419884,-78.419686,-78.419083,-78.417971,-78.416476,-78.415655,-78.414328,-78.413535,-78.412514,-78.41227,-78.411455,-78.411076,-78.409626,-78.407873,-78.407149,-78.406852,-78.406535,-78.406235,-78.406051,-78.406031,-78.40606,-78.406325,-78.407316,-78.407607,-78.407846,-78.407686,-78.407245,-78.406814,-78.406296,-78.405736,-78.405452,-78.404264,-78.403799,-78.403573,-78.402681,-78.402243,-78.401824,-78.401498,-78.401102,-78.400377,-78.399981,-78.399234,-78.399203,-78.399047,-78.398283,-78.39721,-78.396901,-78.396828,-78.396066,-78.395993,-78.395721,-78.395384,-78.395073,-78.39473,-78.394691,-78.394776,-78.394968,-78.395438,-78.39567,-78.395873,-78.396349,-78.397059,-78.398171,-78.398477,-78.398811,-78.399083,-78.399374,-78.400419,-78.400591,-78.400908,-78.401783,-78.402787,-78.403031,-78.403515,-78.403517,-78.403114,-78.403138,-78.402971,-78.402875,-78.402917,-78.402852,-78.403005,-78.402736,-78.402605,-78.401906,-78.401777,-78.401863,-78.402309,-78.403162,-78.405159,-78.405797,-78.406297,-78.407262,-78.408299,-78.408796,-78.409483,-78.409724,-78.410036,-78.410295,-78.410727,-78.411684,-78.412603,-78.413017,-78.413399,-78.413585,-78.414091,-78.414219,-78.415202,-78.415708,-78.416486,-78.416702,-78.417433,-78.417983,-78.418441,-78.418921,-78.419363,-78.419582,-78.42032,-78.420841,-78.421339,-78.421639,-78.421991,-78.423176,-78.424098,-78.424554,-78.425271,-78.426516,-78.426598,-78.426693,-78.427126,-78.42761,-78.427506,-78.427998,-78.428425,-78.429633,-78.429935,-78.430538,-78.430691,-78.430892,-78.431045,-78.431261,-78.431497,-78.431664,-78.431747,-78.431872,-78.432081,-78.432206,-78.432512,-78.432658,-78.432852,-78.433012,-78.433394,-78.433478,-78.433478,-78.433575,-78.433672,-78.433776,-78.433839,-78.433929,-78.433936,-78.433985,-78.434228,-78.434576,-78.434604,-78.434555,-78.434569,-78.434715,-78.434736,-78.434741,-78.43476,-78.434919,-78.43504,-78.435166,-78.435296,-78.4354,-78.435554,-78.435654,-78.436032,-78.436232,-78.436407,-78.436462,-78.437133,-78.437263,-78.437435,-78.437615,-78.437769,-78.437986,-78.438205,-78.438635,-78.438783,-78.438837,-78.439065,-78.439201,-78.439351,-78.439431,-78.439554,-78.440025,-78.440824,-78.44098,-78.441137,-78.441249,-78.441358,-78.441434,-78.441514,-78.441559,-78.4416,-78.441621,-78.441651,-78.441678,-78.441728,-78.441781,-78.441864,-78.441986,-78.442057,-78.442197,-78.44235,-78.442866,-78.442936,-78.443116,-78.443306,-78.443464,-78.443645,-78.443831,-78.443983,-78.444174,-78.444406,-78.444559,-78.446053,-78.446199,-78.446621,-78.446701,-78.446887,-78.447113,-78.447263,-78.447449,-78.447591,-78.447738,-78.44791,-78.448773,-78.448955,-78.449181,-78.449375,-78.449493,-78.449937,-78.45011,-78.450302,-78.450446,-78.450606,-78.45073,-78.45088,-78.451019,-78.451146,-78.451472,-78.45167,-78.45188,-78.452036,-78.452239,-78.452458,-78.452656,-78.452572],"lat":[38.113282,38.114186,38.11461,38.115568,38.115798,38.11642,38.116537,38.116697,38.116993,38.117634,38.118448,38.119065,38.120242,38.120726,38.1212,38.121631,38.122124,38.12267,38.123687,38.125724,38.126494,38.127044,38.127866,38.128436,38.129669,38.129754,38.13154,38.132123,38.132232,38.132753,38.13317,38.133887,38.134058,38.134269,38.134572,38.13616,38.138131,38.138847,38.139833,38.140424,38.141359,38.142178,38.142291,38.14289,38.143278,38.143851,38.143873,38.146293,38.147586,38.149017,38.149181,38.149936,38.1516,38.152298,38.152379,38.152085,38.151837,38.151657,38.151712,38.151855,38.152807,38.152864,38.153004,38.153125,38.153265,38.153402,38.154184,38.154416,38.15462,38.154899,38.154971,38.155094,38.155032,38.15471,38.154502,38.153936,38.15354,38.153204,38.152672,38.151696,38.151516,38.151573,38.151237,38.151301,38.151265,38.151178,38.150798,38.150636,38.15056,38.150431,38.150057,38.149533,38.149287,38.148511,38.147856,38.146525,38.146324,38.146172,38.146045,38.146089,38.146256,38.146785,38.147149,38.147248,38.14731,38.147485,38.147446,38.147483,38.147365,38.147383,38.147172,38.147202,38.14714,38.147206,38.14716,38.147044,38.146835,38.146724,38.146641,38.145895,38.145095,38.144665,38.14416,38.14395,38.14345,38.143098,38.142628,38.141743,38.141557,38.141239,38.141026,38.140993,38.14061,38.140292,38.140086,38.140075,38.140163,38.140058,38.140146,38.140139,38.140069,38.139937,38.139609,38.138618,38.138537,38.138453,38.138307,38.138223,38.138184,38.138026,38.137763,38.137241,38.137018,38.136667,38.136259,38.135674,38.134909,38.134648,38.134426,38.134203,38.133674,38.133573,38.133549,38.133589,38.13374,38.134654,38.134715,38.134761,38.134634,38.134743,38.134706,38.13445,38.134051,38.1328,38.132755,38.132628,38.132251,38.132075,38.131957,38.131326,38.130306,38.13007,38.129278,38.129042,38.128967,38.12857,38.127739,38.12592,38.125262,38.125003,38.124068,38.123117,38.122661,38.121877,38.12165,38.121345,38.121105,38.120689,38.1198,38.118966,38.118573,38.118219,38.118021,38.117531,38.117416,38.116537,38.11605,38.11535,38.115122,38.114433,38.113931,38.113491,38.113051,38.112648,38.112449,38.111787,38.111365,38.111009,38.110796,38.110538,38.109734,38.109138,38.108836,38.108344,38.107449,38.107391,38.107308,38.106931,38.106435,38.107025,38.107147,38.107265,38.108143,38.108362,38.10899,38.108968,38.108974,38.108935,38.108814,38.108814,38.108842,38.108831,38.108776,38.108754,38.108754,38.108732,38.108743,38.108694,38.108639,38.10848,38.108392,38.108178,38.108002,38.107766,38.107689,38.107662,38.107552,38.107415,38.107305,38.107157,38.106811,38.106668,38.106624,38.106547,38.106426,38.106349,38.10622,38.106208,38.106136,38.106098,38.106074,38.106063,38.106065,38.106083,38.106107,38.106236,38.10631,38.106388,38.106415,38.106813,38.106878,38.106949,38.107005,38.107041,38.107073,38.107091,38.107094,38.107105,38.107109,38.107145,38.107175,38.10722,38.10725,38.107305,38.107568,38.108014,38.108109,38.108224,38.108322,38.108445,38.108551,38.108688,38.108802,38.108949,38.1091,38.109364,38.109489,38.109643,38.109762,38.109907,38.110054,38.110129,38.110257,38.110375,38.110716,38.110758,38.110856,38.110943,38.111003,38.111056,38.111096,38.111118,38.111133,38.111133,38.111121,38.110921,38.110901,38.110835,38.110823,38.110805,38.110802,38.110811,38.110835,38.110863,38.110902,38.110961,38.111333,38.111394,38.111451,38.111483,38.111495,38.1115,38.11151,38.11154,38.111575,38.111629,38.111685,38.111771,38.111867,38.111974,38.11233,38.112527,38.112712,38.112829,38.112956,38.113065,38.113144,38.113282]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.499323,-78.499299,-78.499244,-78.499179,-78.499127,-78.499093,-78.498949,-78.498867,-78.498803,-78.498675,-78.498103,-78.497855,-78.497277,-78.497021,-78.496888,-78.496776,-78.496592,-78.496437,-78.496279,-78.495901,-78.495762,-78.495645,-78.495526,-78.495404,-78.495108,-78.492648,-78.491899,-78.491559,-78.491336,-78.49108,-78.490958,-78.490827,-78.490552,-78.490269,-78.490214,-78.490167,-78.490094,-78.490028,-78.489983,-78.489298,-78.489005,-78.488664,-78.488485,-78.488372,-78.488218,-78.487482,-78.487224,-78.486761,-78.485714,-78.485449,-78.485235,-78.485062,-78.484885,-78.4846,-78.484517,-78.484295,-78.485154,-78.485202,-78.485475,-78.48576,-78.486134,-78.486208,-78.486218,-78.486825,-78.486995,-78.48713,-78.487867,-78.488113,-78.48815,-78.488761,-78.489212,-78.489289,-78.489344,-78.489478,-78.489704,-78.489937,-78.490269,-78.490477,-78.490863,-78.491244,-78.491579,-78.491636,-78.491726,-78.492163,-78.492202,-78.492208,-78.492216,-78.492223,-78.492229,-78.492235,-78.49224,-78.492245,-78.492249,-78.492257,-78.492266,-78.492277,-78.49229,-78.492304,-78.492319,-78.492336,-78.492477,-78.492486,-78.492511,-78.492589,-78.492636,-78.492946,-78.494134,-78.495034,-78.495558,-78.495702,-78.495941,-78.496036,-78.496263,-78.496351,-78.49643,-78.496502,-78.496647,-78.496973,-78.497092,-78.49719,-78.497288,-78.497414,-78.497823,-78.498111,-78.498207,-78.498397,-78.498498,-78.49862,-78.498726,-78.498798,-78.498871,-78.498895,-78.499087,-78.499274,-78.499316,-78.499321,-78.499328,-78.499323],"lat":[38.072698,38.072989,38.073306,38.073558,38.073717,38.073818,38.074158,38.074324,38.074436,38.074639,38.075427,38.0754,38.075325,38.075293,38.07527,38.075241,38.075175,38.075102,38.07501,38.074764,38.074695,38.074649,38.074612,38.074585,38.074545,38.074268,38.07418,38.074141,38.074121,38.074113,38.07412,38.07413,38.07417,38.074225,38.074229,38.074227,38.074211,38.074182,38.07415,38.073408,38.073091,38.072731,38.072566,38.072474,38.072368,38.071944,38.071789,38.071523,38.070934,38.070763,38.070603,38.070465,38.070345,38.070171,38.070127,38.070023,38.069027,38.068974,38.06867,38.068363,38.067959,38.067877,38.067866,38.067194,38.067008,38.06686,38.06605,38.06578,38.065739,38.065053,38.064554,38.06447,38.064409,38.064259,38.064005,38.063742,38.06338,38.063153,38.062734,38.062293,38.061895,38.062008,38.062153,38.062865,38.062928,38.06294,38.062956,38.062972,38.062988,38.063001,38.063015,38.063028,38.063042,38.063069,38.063092,38.063115,38.063137,38.063159,38.06318,38.063201,38.063395,38.063406,38.063432,38.063559,38.063635,38.063842,38.064637,38.065337,38.065722,38.065835,38.066033,38.066148,38.066424,38.066564,38.066718,38.06686,38.06717,38.067894,38.068114,38.068275,38.068412,38.068561,38.068991,38.069279,38.069378,38.069575,38.069691,38.069852,38.070027,38.070177,38.07037,38.070449,38.071202,38.071925,38.072222,38.072347,38.072586,38.072698]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.498103,-78.497395,-78.49727,-78.496716,-78.496091,-78.495952,-78.495624,-78.495489,-78.495348,-78.49503,-78.494789,-78.494538,-78.494335,-78.494061,-78.492832,-78.492688,-78.491968,-78.49149,-78.491099,-78.49059,-78.490343,-78.489952,-78.489615,-78.489438,-78.489315,-78.488712,-78.488396,-78.487324,-78.487038,-78.486867,-78.486713,-78.48624,-78.485717,-78.485217,-78.484582,-78.483473,-78.483211,-78.482983,-78.48279,-78.482485,-78.482393,-78.4815,-78.481267,-78.480935,-78.480754,-78.480576,-78.480524,-78.480348,-78.480146,-78.479953,-78.479677,-78.479327,-78.47878,-78.478594,-78.478275,-78.477761,-78.477386,-78.475869,-78.475469,-78.475225,-78.475031,-78.474585,-78.474428,-78.474298,-78.474206,-78.474003,-78.473897,-78.473788,-78.473969,-78.474163,-78.475743,-78.476397,-78.477091,-78.478367,-78.478527,-78.478606,-78.479272,-78.479448,-78.479801,-78.479882,-78.480376,-78.480706,-78.480778,-78.480968,-78.482433,-78.483281,-78.483776,-78.484063,-78.484295,-78.484517,-78.4846,-78.484885,-78.485062,-78.485235,-78.485449,-78.485714,-78.486761,-78.487224,-78.487482,-78.488218,-78.488372,-78.488485,-78.488664,-78.489005,-78.489298,-78.489983,-78.490028,-78.490094,-78.490167,-78.490214,-78.490269,-78.490552,-78.490827,-78.490958,-78.49108,-78.491336,-78.491559,-78.491899,-78.492648,-78.495108,-78.495404,-78.495526,-78.495645,-78.495762,-78.495901,-78.496279,-78.496437,-78.496592,-78.496776,-78.496888,-78.497021,-78.497277,-78.497855,-78.498103],"lat":[38.075427,38.076398,38.076575,38.077341,38.078196,38.078381,38.078766,38.078918,38.079061,38.079372,38.079585,38.079794,38.079955,38.080171,38.081144,38.081262,38.081828,38.082174,38.082443,38.082762,38.082917,38.08315,38.083342,38.083438,38.083504,38.083819,38.083981,38.084532,38.084688,38.084782,38.084865,38.085107,38.085369,38.085625,38.085943,38.086509,38.086625,38.086709,38.086765,38.08683,38.086845,38.08697,38.086988,38.086991,38.086979,38.086952,38.086941,38.086895,38.086827,38.086746,38.086606,38.086424,38.086092,38.085964,38.085743,38.08534,38.085049,38.08385,38.083536,38.083342,38.0832,38.082875,38.082754,38.082623,38.082512,38.082206,38.082,38.081788,38.081577,38.081335,38.079571,38.078846,38.078062,38.076647,38.076469,38.076375,38.075634,38.075433,38.075034,38.074956,38.074401,38.07403,38.073943,38.073741,38.07211,38.071164,38.070614,38.070271,38.070023,38.070127,38.070171,38.070345,38.070465,38.070603,38.070763,38.070934,38.071523,38.071789,38.071944,38.072368,38.072474,38.072566,38.072731,38.073091,38.073408,38.07415,38.074182,38.074211,38.074227,38.074229,38.074225,38.07417,38.07413,38.07412,38.074113,38.074121,38.074141,38.07418,38.074268,38.074545,38.074585,38.074612,38.074649,38.074695,38.074764,38.07501,38.075102,38.075175,38.075241,38.07527,38.075293,38.075325,38.0754,38.075427]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.485154,-78.484295,-78.484063,-78.483776,-78.483281,-78.482433,-78.480968,-78.480778,-78.480706,-78.480376,-78.479882,-78.479801,-78.479448,-78.479272,-78.478606,-78.478527,-78.478367,-78.477091,-78.476397,-78.475743,-78.474163,-78.473969,-78.473788,-78.473666,-78.47341,-78.473336,-78.47269,-78.472569,-78.472243,-78.471999,-78.471876,-78.471767,-78.471658,-78.471492,-78.471338,-78.471223,-78.471069,-78.470703,-78.470622,-78.470424,-78.470166,-78.46988,-78.469653,-78.469382,-78.469132,-78.468977,-78.468796,-78.468676,-78.468554,-78.468429,-78.46835,-78.468263,-78.468195,-78.468159,-78.468097,-78.468039,-78.468005,-78.467983,-78.467965,-78.467956,-78.467964,-78.467991,-78.468006,-78.468076,-78.468224,-78.468322,-78.468356,-78.46837,-78.46836,-78.468345,-78.468318,-78.468272,-78.468201,-78.468101,-78.468022,-78.467946,-78.46791,-78.467771,-78.467605,-78.467532,-78.467383,-78.467143,-78.466902,-78.466889,-78.467521,-78.46799,-78.468013,-78.468207,-78.468248,-78.469518,-78.469532,-78.47179,-78.472602,-78.472288,-78.472017,-78.471875,-78.471736,-78.471583,-78.471398,-78.471336,-78.471176,-78.471013,-78.471407,-78.471754,-78.471987,-78.472381,-78.472985,-78.473135,-78.473665,-78.473721,-78.473983,-78.47443,-78.474583,-78.474871,-78.474858,-78.474719,-78.474636,-78.474629,-78.47456,-78.474522,-78.474941,-78.475005,-78.475159,-78.475366,-78.475599,-78.475672,-78.475734,-78.475806,-78.476088,-78.476114,-78.476172,-78.476231,-78.476453,-78.476495,-78.476721,-78.476779,-78.476891,-78.477228,-78.477378,-78.477412,-78.477473,-78.477513,-78.477548,-78.477602,-78.477661,-78.477707,-78.477777,-78.477868,-78.477903,-78.477971,-78.47806,-78.478113,-78.478169,-78.478234,-78.478296,-78.478358,-78.478415,-78.478468,-78.478523,-78.478556,-78.478605,-78.47867,-78.478747,-78.478813,-78.478884,-78.479013,-78.479154,-78.479239,-78.479318,-78.479371,-78.479438,-78.479503,-78.479598,-78.479736,-78.479903,-78.479983,-78.480059,-78.480178,-78.480259,-78.480332,-78.480361,-78.480938,-78.4811,-78.481271,-78.482389,-78.482462,-78.485128,-78.485202,-78.485154],"lat":[38.069027,38.070023,38.070271,38.070614,38.071164,38.07211,38.073741,38.073943,38.07403,38.074401,38.074956,38.075034,38.075433,38.075634,38.076375,38.076469,38.076647,38.078062,38.078846,38.079571,38.081335,38.081577,38.081788,38.081552,38.081081,38.080941,38.079815,38.07959,38.079041,38.078654,38.078491,38.078365,38.078255,38.078114,38.078003,38.077932,38.077849,38.07768,38.077643,38.077562,38.077446,38.077293,38.077152,38.076959,38.07676,38.07661,38.076413,38.076265,38.076091,38.075874,38.075705,38.075482,38.075248,38.075069,38.074677,38.074319,38.074057,38.073895,38.073692,38.073497,38.073224,38.072926,38.072812,38.072455,38.071759,38.071299,38.071067,38.070796,38.070628,38.07048,38.07032,38.070139,38.069927,38.069705,38.069551,38.069429,38.069376,38.069165,38.068925,38.068812,38.068586,38.068214,38.067851,38.06783,38.067759,38.067689,38.067734,38.068133,38.068126,38.067937,38.067934,38.067598,38.067476,38.067962,38.06834,38.068538,38.068732,38.068943,38.069202,38.069289,38.069509,38.069739,38.070146,38.070509,38.070455,38.070325,38.070127,38.069996,38.069577,38.069539,38.06936,38.069015,38.068909,38.068728,38.068675,38.068243,38.067975,38.067949,38.067718,38.067588,38.067354,38.067318,38.067232,38.067114,38.066986,38.066945,38.06691,38.066869,38.066711,38.066549,38.066176,38.066131,38.066138,38.066142,38.065833,38.065753,38.065601,38.065137,38.06493,38.064884,38.064935,38.064978,38.065003,38.065054,38.06511,38.065135,38.065154,38.065172,38.065184,38.065239,38.065319,38.065358,38.065397,38.065434,38.065463,38.065489,38.065511,38.065515,38.065506,38.065507,38.065518,38.065557,38.065613,38.065646,38.065664,38.065675,38.06568,38.065675,38.065689,38.065707,38.065733,38.06575,38.065759,38.06577,38.065763,38.065769,38.065787,38.065811,38.065821,38.065819,38.065844,38.066441,38.066549,38.066661,38.067523,38.067578,38.068935,38.068974,38.069027]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.702917,-78.702895,-78.702854,-78.702752,-78.702651,-78.702279,-78.701663,-78.700924,-78.699758,-78.699672,-78.69963,-78.699609,-78.699594,-78.699582,-78.699579,-78.699607,-78.699726,-78.699908,-78.69999,-78.700044,-78.700039,-78.700017,-78.699978,-78.699894,-78.699761,-78.699292,-78.698903,-78.698546,-78.698377,-78.698029,-78.696391,-78.696241,-78.69471,-78.693609,-78.693505,-78.693476,-78.693268,-78.693159,-78.69308,-78.693044,-78.692642,-78.692103,-78.691873,-78.691227,-78.690569,-78.690555,-78.690548,-78.690555,-78.690673,-78.690714,-78.690749,-78.690868,-78.690992,-78.691083,-78.691117,-78.691242,-78.691444,-78.691492,-78.691499,-78.69159,-78.691763,-78.691868,-78.691916,-78.69193,-78.691951,-78.692236,-78.692333,-78.692409,-78.692493,-78.692628,-78.692545,-78.692512,-78.692512,-78.688586,-78.687241,-78.685304,-78.68479,-78.684183,-78.68253,-78.680178,-78.679156,-78.678227,-78.677588,-78.677342,-78.676738,-78.676436,-78.675796,-78.675693,-78.674946,-78.674389,-78.673776,-78.673275,-78.671612,-78.671272,-78.67037,-78.669548,-78.66904,-78.667976,-78.667523,-78.666923,-78.666589,-78.665908,-78.665576,-78.665314,-78.664866,-78.663851,-78.662663,-78.661461,-78.66122,-78.660338,-78.659149,-78.658248,-78.657286,-78.656618,-78.655984,-78.65537,-78.654366,-78.65384,-78.652598,-78.651636,-78.65075,-78.649613,-78.648659,-78.649053,-78.649153,-78.649375,-78.649549,-78.649708,-78.649892,-78.650021,-78.650232,-78.650431,-78.650975,-78.653182,-78.653582,-78.653879,-78.654243,-78.654504,-78.654793,-78.656155,-78.657348,-78.657819,-78.658802,-78.659653,-78.660597,-78.661967,-78.662842,-78.663284,-78.664544,-78.664948,-78.665275,-78.665491,-78.665751,-78.666554,-78.66744,-78.668572,-78.668944,-78.669073,-78.669337,-78.669726,-78.669929,-78.6701,-78.670325,-78.67061,-78.670994,-78.671397,-78.672139,-78.673238,-78.67374,-78.674273,-78.674738,-78.675767,-78.6762,-78.676572,-78.676994,-78.678008,-78.679104,-78.679414,-78.680768,-78.681265,-78.681324,-78.682675,-78.683419,-78.683467,-78.683734,-78.683956,-78.684726,-78.685641,-78.685907,-78.686748,-78.687849,-78.688927,-78.689846,-78.691297,-78.691891,-78.693728,-78.694082,-78.694901,-78.696481,-78.697154,-78.698944,-78.699026,-78.699078,-78.699141,-78.699202,-78.699229,-78.699234,-78.699221,-78.699193,-78.699135,-78.699068,-78.699059,-78.698855,-78.69872,-78.698662,-78.698584,-78.69855,-78.698519,-78.698513,-78.698521,-78.698559,-78.698586,-78.698652,-78.698819,-78.698843,-78.69891,-78.698993,-78.699048,-78.699074,-78.69909,-78.699122,-78.699158,-78.699201,-78.699255,-78.699298,-78.699349,-78.699597,-78.699774,-78.699918,-78.700047,-78.70016,-78.700258,-78.700636,-78.700676,-78.700699,-78.700703,-78.700686,-78.700656,-78.700617,-78.70049,-78.700407,-78.700368,-78.700319,-78.700303,-78.700306,-78.700335,-78.700385,-78.700507,-78.70064,-78.700694,-78.700816,-78.7009,-78.701066,-78.701099,-78.701225,-78.701451,-78.701665,-78.701844,-78.701935,-78.702009,-78.702059,-78.702113,-78.702171,-78.702207,-78.702268,-78.702306,-78.702361,-78.702392,-78.702571,-78.702651,-78.702697,-78.702903,-78.702915,-78.702917],"lat":[38.066256,38.066366,38.066474,38.066646,38.066808,38.067391,38.06726,38.067117,38.066903,38.066882,38.066865,38.066847,38.066827,38.066799,38.066779,38.066642,38.066114,38.065344,38.065006,38.064814,38.064769,38.064727,38.064693,38.064656,38.064619,38.064507,38.064414,38.064324,38.064282,38.064187,38.063772,38.063734,38.063337,38.063045,38.063001,38.062985,38.063082,38.06315,38.063212,38.063245,38.063529,38.063937,38.064049,38.063466,38.063956,38.063989,38.064088,38.064186,38.064543,38.064721,38.064873,38.065106,38.065345,38.065675,38.065746,38.065911,38.066086,38.066118,38.066136,38.066224,38.066323,38.066493,38.066619,38.06669,38.066723,38.0668,38.066811,38.0668,38.066773,38.066718,38.067788,38.068294,38.068791,38.068816,38.0688,38.06881,38.068858,38.068863,38.068847,38.068873,38.068863,38.068758,38.068659,38.068608,38.068486,38.068396,38.068208,38.068167,38.067876,38.067585,38.067295,38.066959,38.065744,38.065485,38.064943,38.064561,38.064327,38.063848,38.063644,38.063345,38.063202,38.062958,38.062854,38.062772,38.06264,38.062422,38.062232,38.062036,38.061997,38.061854,38.061637,38.061483,38.061339,38.061329,38.061376,38.0615,38.061659,38.061743,38.06195,38.061992,38.061936,38.061792,38.061663,38.061267,38.061173,38.060978,38.060852,38.060743,38.060639,38.060577,38.060492,38.060423,38.060279,38.059767,38.059663,38.059571,38.059444,38.059343,38.059219,38.058541,38.057946,38.057712,38.057228,38.056798,38.056331,38.055646,38.055213,38.054986,38.054376,38.054168,38.054015,38.053906,38.053777,38.053379,38.052932,38.052377,38.052214,38.052163,38.052068,38.051952,38.051896,38.051855,38.051806,38.051754,38.051703,38.051666,38.051635,38.051619,38.051611,38.051605,38.051597,38.051579,38.051576,38.051565,38.051559,38.051543,38.051522,38.05152,38.051496,38.051487,38.051486,38.05146,38.051449,38.051448,38.051442,38.051437,38.051429,38.051412,38.051407,38.05139,38.051371,38.05135,38.051333,38.051313,38.0513,38.05127,38.051261,38.051245,38.051215,38.051201,38.051176,38.051505,38.051787,38.052166,38.052613,38.053075,38.053405,38.053567,38.053702,38.053852,38.05398,38.053997,38.054301,38.054499,38.054589,38.054746,38.054841,38.054987,38.055123,38.055277,38.055599,38.055742,38.056003,38.056503,38.056573,38.056785,38.056994,38.057109,38.057156,38.057183,38.057233,38.057284,38.057339,38.0574,38.057445,38.057493,38.057703,38.057847,38.057986,38.058134,38.058305,38.058483,38.05926,38.059376,38.059496,38.059592,38.05973,38.059835,38.059928,38.060186,38.060354,38.060458,38.060648,38.06079,38.060932,38.061104,38.061298,38.061652,38.061961,38.062074,38.062275,38.062396,38.062606,38.062642,38.062775,38.062987,38.063172,38.063344,38.063449,38.063553,38.063637,38.063747,38.063895,38.064031,38.064406,38.064534,38.064658,38.064709,38.064992,38.065156,38.065295,38.066079,38.066145,38.066256]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.527492,-78.527405,-78.527373,-78.52733,-78.527307,-78.527306,-78.527324,-78.527326,-78.527314,-78.527289,-78.527245,-78.527186,-78.52713,-78.526985,-78.526866,-78.526741,-78.526454,-78.526333,-78.526018,-78.525792,-78.525527,-78.525324,-78.525262,-78.525172,-78.525118,-78.525049,-78.52481,-78.524751,-78.52469,-78.524639,-78.524595,-78.52456,-78.524482,-78.524435,-78.524312,-78.524288,-78.523431,-78.522853,-78.522827,-78.522783,-78.522737,-78.522681,-78.522636,-78.522534,-78.522489,-78.522456,-78.522436,-78.522444,-78.522466,-78.522497,-78.522562,-78.522582,-78.522583,-78.522559,-78.522482,-78.522441,-78.522388,-78.52232,-78.52222,-78.52207,-78.521906,-78.521856,-78.521822,-78.521804,-78.521805,-78.521862,-78.521871,-78.521866,-78.521776,-78.521694,-78.521627,-78.521543,-78.521386,-78.521265,-78.521044,-78.520988,-78.520956,-78.520708,-78.520398,-78.520273,-78.520071,-78.520007,-78.519953,-78.519796,-78.519719,-78.519646,-78.519446,-78.519186,-78.519035,-78.518885,-78.518807,-78.518573,-78.518273,-78.518047,-78.517926,-78.517841,-78.517787,-78.517751,-78.517719,-78.517702,-78.517703,-78.517722,-78.517757,-78.517786,-78.517915,-78.51811,-78.518156,-78.518215,-78.518299,-78.518598,-78.518886,-78.518932,-78.518965,-78.518992,-78.519001,-78.518992,-78.518954,-78.518917,-78.518853,-78.518771,-78.518676,-78.518608,-78.518492,-78.518384,-78.51828,-78.517861,-78.517533,-78.517346,-78.517176,-78.517112,-78.516979,-78.516825,-78.516604,-78.516368,-78.515994,-78.515914,-78.515862,-78.515324,-78.515159,-78.515055,-78.514716,-78.514596,-78.514442,-78.514309,-78.514168,-78.514013,-78.513902,-78.513235,-78.513142,-78.512346,-78.512073,-78.511933,-78.511717,-78.511493,-78.511264,-78.51111,-78.510839,-78.510566,-78.510292,-78.509747,-78.509602,-78.509428,-78.509209,-78.508957,-78.508839,-78.508715,-78.508484,-78.508266,-78.508182,-78.507912,-78.507795,-78.50733,-78.506985,-78.506801,-78.506375,-78.505864,-78.505206,-78.504867,-78.504762,-78.504512,-78.504401,-78.504334,-78.504277,-78.504264,-78.504238,-78.504125,-78.504062,-78.504002,-78.503952,-78.503839,-78.503735,-78.50362,-78.503444,-78.50337,-78.503176,-78.503018,-78.502863,-78.502498,-78.502287,-78.50175,-78.501447,-78.501158,-78.500819,-78.500746,-78.500437,-78.500172,-78.500039,-78.499547,-78.499381,-78.499274,-78.499154,-78.499087,-78.498895,-78.498871,-78.498798,-78.498726,-78.49862,-78.498498,-78.498397,-78.498207,-78.498111,-78.497823,-78.497414,-78.497288,-78.49719,-78.497092,-78.496973,-78.496647,-78.496502,-78.49643,-78.496351,-78.496263,-78.496036,-78.495941,-78.495702,-78.495558,-78.495034,-78.495516,-78.495838,-78.495932,-78.495956,-78.497743,-78.498847,-78.500072,-78.500168,-78.501516,-78.502312,-78.502402,-78.502109,-78.501898,-78.501822,-78.500878,-78.500813,-78.500569,-78.50118,-78.501454,-78.50148,-78.501731,-78.503748,-78.503908,-78.506554,-78.507113,-78.507616,-78.507535,-78.507704,-78.508394,-78.509202,-78.509565,-78.510796,-78.511772,-78.512323,-78.512942,-78.513324,-78.515249,-78.515794,-78.516646,-78.517025,-78.517403,-78.517787,-78.518166,-78.518546,-78.518922,-78.519335,-78.519525,-78.519857,-78.520154,-78.520532,-78.520909,-78.521229,-78.521537,-78.521832,-78.522117,-78.522338,-78.52256,-78.522878,-78.523055,-78.52325,-78.523516,-78.523689,-78.523708,-78.524186,-78.524633,-78.525256,-78.526401,-78.526182,-78.526212,-78.526328,-78.527589,-78.527492],"lat":[38.051761,38.051912,38.051984,38.052157,38.052322,38.052465,38.052713,38.052844,38.05309,38.053265,38.053447,38.053632,38.053765,38.054048,38.054217,38.054377,38.054685,38.054802,38.055087,38.05527,38.055461,38.055582,38.055624,38.055702,38.05576,38.055815,38.055961,38.055976,38.055998,38.056036,38.056095,38.056205,38.056335,38.056396,38.056502,38.056491,38.056217,38.05602,38.056086,38.056154,38.056207,38.056255,38.056286,38.056375,38.056434,38.056513,38.056829,38.057055,38.057158,38.057238,38.057372,38.057452,38.057535,38.057753,38.05823,38.058334,38.058414,38.05848,38.058545,38.058622,38.058718,38.058763,38.058817,38.058876,38.058936,38.05911,38.059174,38.059254,38.059591,38.059868,38.059988,38.060102,38.060291,38.060409,38.060587,38.060652,38.060711,38.061304,38.061854,38.062141,38.062573,38.062771,38.06287,38.063069,38.063138,38.063184,38.063288,38.063386,38.063448,38.063492,38.063507,38.063532,38.063541,38.063534,38.063522,38.063505,38.063479,38.063451,38.063408,38.06335,38.06327,38.063201,38.063137,38.063102,38.062985,38.062819,38.062771,38.062732,38.062702,38.062633,38.062575,38.062551,38.062517,38.06245,38.062376,38.062303,38.062196,38.062139,38.062082,38.062041,38.062016,38.062008,38.062012,38.062026,38.062049,38.062163,38.062243,38.062299,38.062375,38.06241,38.062507,38.062637,38.062846,38.063045,38.063346,38.063389,38.063408,38.063557,38.063622,38.063676,38.063877,38.063735,38.063581,38.063464,38.063353,38.063246,38.063176,38.062731,38.062669,38.062137,38.061984,38.061918,38.061834,38.061763,38.061706,38.06168,38.061649,38.061633,38.061632,38.061646,38.061651,38.061662,38.061667,38.061652,38.061632,38.061602,38.061522,38.06143,38.061513,38.06176,38.061868,38.062278,38.062582,38.062747,38.063141,38.063631,38.064268,38.064582,38.064681,38.064924,38.065069,38.065179,38.065308,38.065347,38.065438,38.066092,38.066395,38.06658,38.066698,38.066912,38.067076,38.067231,38.067439,38.067513,38.06767,38.067798,38.067917,38.06819,38.068342,38.06874,38.068978,38.069225,38.069571,38.069651,38.069979,38.070272,38.070402,38.070881,38.07103,38.071107,38.071172,38.071202,38.070449,38.07037,38.070177,38.070027,38.069852,38.069691,38.069575,38.069378,38.069279,38.068991,38.068561,38.068412,38.068275,38.068114,38.067894,38.06717,38.06686,38.066718,38.066564,38.066424,38.066148,38.066033,38.065835,38.065722,38.065337,38.06498,38.064781,38.064729,38.064676,38.063525,38.062813,38.062004,38.06194,38.061049,38.060523,38.060463,38.060107,38.059821,38.059695,38.05844,38.058353,38.05804,38.057714,38.057566,38.057562,38.057511,38.057069,38.057038,38.056499,38.056378,38.056269,38.056417,38.056377,38.05622,38.05608,38.056029,38.055881,38.055774,38.055713,38.055638,38.055597,38.055375,38.055316,38.055217,38.055163,38.055099,38.055021,38.054929,38.054822,38.054701,38.054548,38.05447,38.054326,38.054182,38.05398,38.053756,38.053544,38.05332,38.053084,38.052832,38.052621,38.052388,38.052015,38.051782,38.051495,38.051051,38.050701,38.050656,38.049554,38.048506,38.049039,38.050115,38.050196,38.050218,38.05036,38.051634,38.051761]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.528641,-78.528575,-78.528489,-78.52843,-78.528372,-78.527877,-78.527781,-78.527246,-78.527152,-78.527039,-78.526966,-78.526919,-78.526882,-78.526876,-78.526872,-78.526778,-78.526752,-78.52672,-78.526648,-78.52656,-78.526408,-78.526292,-78.526122,-78.52604,-78.526004,-78.525929,-78.52501,-78.524894,-78.524725,-78.524646,-78.524009,-78.523908,-78.523842,-78.523547,-78.523347,-78.523317,-78.522864,-78.522449,-78.521978,-78.521921,-78.521742,-78.521568,-78.521262,-78.52001,-78.519339,-78.518566,-78.517843,-78.515928,-78.515701,-78.51537,-78.515073,-78.514783,-78.514613,-78.513997,-78.514107,-78.514476,-78.514605,-78.514855,-78.51495,-78.515071,-78.516072,-78.517074,-78.517256,-78.517369,-78.517267,-78.517028,-78.516578,-78.516272,-78.516385,-78.51647,-78.516653,-78.516865,-78.516892,-78.516833,-78.516331,-78.516099,-78.515562,-78.515527,-78.514578,-78.514545,-78.514564,-78.51378,-78.51333,-78.511954,-78.509942,-78.508409,-78.508096,-78.50794,-78.507867,-78.507843,-78.50784,-78.507658,-78.507573,-78.507519,-78.5075,-78.507128,-78.507123,-78.506887,-78.506833,-78.506766,-78.506325,-78.506256,-78.505383,-78.505324,-78.505718,-78.505634,-78.50537,-78.505312,-78.50525,-78.505211,-78.505176,-78.505157,-78.505111,-78.505068,-78.505022,-78.504979,-78.504911,-78.504831,-78.504778,-78.504591,-78.50451,-78.504391,-78.504334,-78.504297,-78.504258,-78.504224,-78.503713,-78.503678,-78.503603,-78.502037,-78.502018,-78.502104,-78.501874,-78.501709,-78.501489,-78.501425,-78.501375,-78.501326,-78.501248,-78.501255,-78.501296,-78.501535,-78.501655,-78.501703,-78.501825,-78.501839,-78.501892,-78.502045,-78.502132,-78.502239,-78.50246,-78.502864,-78.50311,-78.5032,-78.503366,-78.503416,-78.503456,-78.502402,-78.502212,-78.501664,-78.501584,-78.501517,-78.50148,-78.500954,-78.500917,-78.500564,-78.500517,-78.500247,-78.500228,-78.500188,-78.500112,-78.500029,-78.49975,-78.499721,-78.499627,-78.499489,-78.498893,-78.498533,-78.498409,-78.498298,-78.498231,-78.498096,-78.497791,-78.498296,-78.498405,-78.498669,-78.498922,-78.498945,-78.499142,-78.499854,-78.499928,-78.500246,-78.501068,-78.501608,-78.501638,-78.501705,-78.501774,-78.501837,-78.501997,-78.502599,-78.502743,-78.502815,-78.502834,-78.503317,-78.503626,-78.503645,-78.503771,-78.503892,-78.504218,-78.504535,-78.504579,-78.504753,-78.505683,-78.506247,-78.506532,-78.506737,-78.507112,-78.507162,-78.507332,-78.507456,-78.507655,-78.507752,-78.507793,-78.507964,-78.508099,-78.508165,-78.508208,-78.508287,-78.508415,-78.508507,-78.508614,-78.508709,-78.508804,-78.508978,-78.509213,-78.509377,-78.509389,-78.509518,-78.509565,-78.509613,-78.509829,-78.510094,-78.510151,-78.510317,-78.510355,-78.510527,-78.510594,-78.510616,-78.510757,-78.510963,-78.51101,-78.511908,-78.512132,-78.512376,-78.512409,-78.512884,-78.512897,-78.513039,-78.513109,-78.513454,-78.513466,-78.51382,-78.513947,-78.514211,-78.514311,-78.514463,-78.51461,-78.514667,-78.514818,-78.514973,-78.515168,-78.515396,-78.515615,-78.516078,-78.516153,-78.516278,-78.516501,-78.516533,-78.516731,-78.517106,-78.517536,-78.517561,-78.517812,-78.517853,-78.51802,-78.518167,-78.518294,-78.518305,-78.518358,-78.518388,-78.518294,-78.51826,-78.519824,-78.520179,-78.520104,-78.520022,-78.519908,-78.519832,-78.519777,-78.519955,-78.519988,-78.520035,-78.520236,-78.52026,-78.52026,-78.520254,-78.520243,-78.520235,-78.520226,-78.520048,-78.520251,-78.520767,-78.521816,-78.521987,-78.522435,-78.522935,-78.523035,-78.523133,-78.523646,-78.52386,-78.524672,-78.52665,-78.526719,-78.527131,-78.527763,-78.52785,-78.528409,-78.52851,-78.528742,-78.528641],"lat":[38.027053,38.027267,38.027578,38.027837,38.028162,38.030684,38.031172,38.033948,38.034508,38.035349,38.03605,38.036685,38.037405,38.037626,38.037777,38.041484,38.042029,38.042406,38.042944,38.043434,38.044098,38.044495,38.045004,38.045214,38.045265,38.045491,38.047642,38.047908,38.048299,38.048232,38.047712,38.04764,38.047593,38.047396,38.047276,38.047258,38.047023,38.046829,38.046623,38.046602,38.046534,38.046483,38.046393,38.046059,38.045884,38.045679,38.045486,38.044971,38.044907,38.044797,38.044685,38.044564,38.044487,38.044161,38.044139,38.044034,38.04398,38.043951,38.04391,38.043857,38.043486,38.041703,38.041377,38.041186,38.041092,38.040886,38.040575,38.040381,38.040286,38.040215,38.040061,38.039897,38.039879,38.039738,38.038531,38.038008,38.036732,38.036644,38.036756,38.036765,38.036815,38.037063,38.037137,38.036794,38.036292,38.035909,38.035831,38.036248,38.036461,38.036531,38.03654,38.037047,38.037282,38.037433,38.037485,38.038525,38.038538,38.03919,38.039338,38.039522,38.039611,38.039625,38.041104,38.041202,38.041379,38.041538,38.042033,38.042143,38.042125,38.042128,38.042143,38.042163,38.042331,38.042438,38.042525,38.042581,38.042644,38.042696,38.042722,38.042791,38.04283,38.042887,38.042893,38.042885,38.042865,38.042836,38.042331,38.042295,38.042217,38.041226,38.041214,38.04106,38.040898,38.040763,38.040562,38.040512,38.040485,38.04046,38.040409,38.040398,38.040332,38.039983,38.039798,38.039724,38.039526,38.039503,38.039419,38.03915,38.038998,38.038802,38.038404,38.037731,38.037322,38.037173,38.036898,38.036814,38.036746,38.036393,38.03633,38.036136,38.036092,38.036037,38.035996,38.035338,38.035292,38.034848,38.034789,38.034451,38.034433,38.034396,38.034324,38.034264,38.034105,38.034088,38.034038,38.033963,38.033642,38.033448,38.033398,38.033369,38.033353,38.03332,38.033255,38.033089,38.033056,38.032976,38.032907,38.032901,38.032847,38.03264,38.032618,38.032526,38.032305,38.032171,38.032166,38.032155,38.032138,38.032133,38.032116,38.03208,38.032075,38.032073,38.032073,38.032066,38.032058,38.032057,38.032053,38.032044,38.032029,38.032024,38.032023,38.032025,38.032051,38.032071,38.032085,38.032095,38.032108,38.032106,38.032089,38.032066,38.032021,38.032003,38.031997,38.031972,38.031968,38.031971,38.031977,38.031987,38.032017,38.032052,38.032107,38.032175,38.032266,38.032243,38.0322,38.032176,38.032175,38.032167,38.032164,38.032161,38.03197,38.031713,38.031657,38.031493,38.031455,38.03127,38.031201,38.031178,38.03104,38.030869,38.030835,38.030198,38.030051,38.029911,38.029893,38.029639,38.029632,38.029548,38.029506,38.029277,38.029269,38.029033,38.028954,38.028806,38.02876,38.028701,38.028657,38.02864,38.028609,38.028589,38.028576,38.028582,38.028601,38.028661,38.028667,38.028664,38.028634,38.028631,38.028609,38.028588,38.028579,38.028579,38.028581,38.028581,38.028575,38.028566,38.028558,38.029046,38.029326,38.029483,38.02974,38.029827,38.02979,38.029781,38.029532,38.029264,38.028894,38.028644,38.028454,38.028459,38.02841,38.02834,38.028305,38.028301,38.02828,38.028066,38.027719,38.027639,38.027565,38.026045,38.026065,38.02611,38.02619,38.026203,38.026239,38.026317,38.026329,38.02634,38.026408,38.026429,38.026499,38.026687,38.026693,38.026732,38.026779,38.026784,38.026796,38.026794,38.026785,38.027053]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.461138,-78.460544,-78.460009,-78.459568,-78.458603,-78.457804,-78.45751,-78.4569,-78.456598,-78.45544,-78.455347,-78.454476,-78.454296,-78.454206,-78.454093,-78.453942,-78.453769,-78.453294,-78.453172,-78.452856,-78.452656,-78.452458,-78.452239,-78.452036,-78.45188,-78.45167,-78.451472,-78.451146,-78.451019,-78.45088,-78.45073,-78.450606,-78.450446,-78.450302,-78.45011,-78.449937,-78.449493,-78.449375,-78.449181,-78.448955,-78.448773,-78.44791,-78.447738,-78.447591,-78.447449,-78.447263,-78.447113,-78.446887,-78.446701,-78.446621,-78.446199,-78.446053,-78.444559,-78.444406,-78.444174,-78.443983,-78.443831,-78.443645,-78.443464,-78.443306,-78.443116,-78.442936,-78.442866,-78.44235,-78.442197,-78.442057,-78.441986,-78.441864,-78.441781,-78.441728,-78.441678,-78.441651,-78.441621,-78.4416,-78.441559,-78.441514,-78.441434,-78.441358,-78.441249,-78.441137,-78.44098,-78.440824,-78.440025,-78.439554,-78.439431,-78.439351,-78.439201,-78.439065,-78.438837,-78.438783,-78.438635,-78.438205,-78.437986,-78.437769,-78.437615,-78.437435,-78.437263,-78.437133,-78.436462,-78.436407,-78.436232,-78.436032,-78.435654,-78.435554,-78.4354,-78.435296,-78.435166,-78.43504,-78.434919,-78.43476,-78.434741,-78.434736,-78.434715,-78.434569,-78.434555,-78.434604,-78.434576,-78.434228,-78.433985,-78.433936,-78.433929,-78.433839,-78.433776,-78.433672,-78.433575,-78.433478,-78.433478,-78.433394,-78.433012,-78.432852,-78.432658,-78.432512,-78.432206,-78.432081,-78.431872,-78.431747,-78.431664,-78.431497,-78.431261,-78.431045,-78.430892,-78.430691,-78.430538,-78.429935,-78.429633,-78.428425,-78.427998,-78.427506,-78.42761,-78.427126,-78.426693,-78.426598,-78.426516,-78.425271,-78.424554,-78.424489,-78.42448,-78.424501,-78.424499,-78.424479,-78.42436,-78.424294,-78.424084,-78.423986,-78.423872,-78.423716,-78.423547,-78.423413,-78.423305,-78.423198,-78.423123,-78.423044,-78.423031,-78.423035,-78.423055,-78.423159,-78.423319,-78.423352,-78.423358,-78.423349,-78.423316,-78.423297,-78.423207,-78.423142,-78.423071,-78.423519,-78.423612,-78.423759,-78.423918,-78.424255,-78.42456,-78.424819,-78.425054,-78.425127,-78.425269,-78.425603,-78.425836,-78.426269,-78.427327,-78.427991,-78.428124,-78.428294,-78.428439,-78.428568,-78.428684,-78.428762,-78.428805,-78.428841,-78.428849,-78.428846,-78.428856,-78.428883,-78.428926,-78.428968,-78.429052,-78.429137,-78.429214,-78.429388,-78.429564,-78.429786,-78.429969,-78.430099,-78.430278,-78.43048,-78.430598,-78.430719,-78.430866,-78.431049,-78.431174,-78.431945,-78.432467,-78.43286,-78.433067,-78.433325,-78.433787,-78.433846,-78.433928,-78.433986,-78.434027,-78.434079,-78.434104,-78.43432,-78.43525,-78.436195,-78.437695,-78.438868,-78.439816,-78.440179,-78.440619,-78.441418,-78.442028,-78.442512,-78.4429,-78.442941,-78.442982,-78.443212,-78.443616,-78.443479,-78.443794,-78.443815,-78.443507,-78.444017,-78.444827,-78.445108,-78.445195,-78.445046,-78.44506,-78.445378,-78.445687,-78.445709,-78.446262,-78.446782,-78.447302,-78.448426,-78.44866,-78.448768,-78.449122,-78.449758,-78.450069,-78.45017,-78.45103,-78.45138,-78.452062,-78.452639,-78.453589,-78.453663,-78.453935,-78.454008,-78.454144,-78.454645,-78.454953,-78.455027,-78.4557,-78.455927,-78.456165,-78.4569,-78.457647,-78.457877,-78.458214,-78.45857,-78.459934,-78.460008,-78.460863,-78.461235,-78.461138],"lat":[38.101133,38.101882,38.102564,38.103126,38.10429,38.105297,38.105695,38.106619,38.107068,38.108845,38.108986,38.110311,38.110569,38.110708,38.110899,38.111128,38.111409,38.112125,38.112318,38.112817,38.113144,38.113065,38.112956,38.112829,38.112712,38.112527,38.11233,38.111974,38.111867,38.111771,38.111685,38.111629,38.111575,38.11154,38.11151,38.1115,38.111495,38.111483,38.111451,38.111394,38.111333,38.110961,38.110902,38.110863,38.110835,38.110811,38.110802,38.110805,38.110823,38.110835,38.110901,38.110921,38.111121,38.111133,38.111133,38.111118,38.111096,38.111056,38.111003,38.110943,38.110856,38.110758,38.110716,38.110375,38.110257,38.110129,38.110054,38.109907,38.109762,38.109643,38.109489,38.109364,38.1091,38.108949,38.108802,38.108688,38.108551,38.108445,38.108322,38.108224,38.108109,38.108014,38.107568,38.107305,38.10725,38.10722,38.107175,38.107145,38.107109,38.107105,38.107094,38.107091,38.107073,38.107041,38.107005,38.106949,38.106878,38.106813,38.106415,38.106388,38.10631,38.106236,38.106107,38.106083,38.106065,38.106063,38.106074,38.106098,38.106136,38.106208,38.10622,38.106349,38.106426,38.106547,38.106624,38.106668,38.106811,38.107157,38.107305,38.107415,38.107552,38.107662,38.107689,38.107766,38.108002,38.108178,38.108392,38.10848,38.108639,38.108694,38.108743,38.108732,38.108754,38.108754,38.108776,38.108831,38.108842,38.108814,38.108814,38.108935,38.108974,38.108968,38.10899,38.108362,38.108143,38.107265,38.107147,38.107025,38.106435,38.106931,38.107308,38.107391,38.107449,38.108344,38.108836,38.108651,38.108578,38.108383,38.108296,38.10821,38.107943,38.107816,38.107463,38.107278,38.107096,38.106888,38.106694,38.106531,38.106372,38.106183,38.106021,38.105803,38.105729,38.105663,38.105598,38.105448,38.105179,38.10509,38.105019,38.10493,38.104833,38.104795,38.104666,38.104594,38.104531,38.103986,38.103866,38.103667,38.103423,38.102821,38.102242,38.101731,38.101306,38.101189,38.100987,38.100571,38.10032,38.099954,38.099099,38.098581,38.09846,38.09828,38.098076,38.097866,38.097637,38.097449,38.097293,38.097096,38.096773,38.096554,38.096397,38.096269,38.096143,38.096064,38.095953,38.095873,38.095815,38.095707,38.095618,38.095528,38.09547,38.095441,38.095416,38.095405,38.095414,38.095431,38.095464,38.095525,38.095578,38.095989,38.096281,38.096486,38.09656,38.09663,38.096705,38.096711,38.096707,38.096719,38.096738,38.096782,38.096798,38.096609,38.095904,38.095217,38.094108,38.093229,38.092467,38.092088,38.091693,38.090734,38.089766,38.088988,38.088355,38.088296,38.088247,38.088507,38.088873,38.089344,38.090951,38.091644,38.092725,38.093525,38.094441,38.095032,38.095438,38.096251,38.09658,38.097207,38.097557,38.097582,38.098092,38.098572,38.098938,38.099137,38.099135,38.099077,38.099165,38.098858,38.09854,38.098119,38.097662,38.097568,38.097267,38.097205,38.097343,38.097426,38.097466,38.097549,38.097569,38.097823,38.097903,38.097987,38.098302,38.098335,38.098514,38.098766,38.099165,38.099379,38.099537,38.099806,38.100367,38.10045,38.100792,38.101011,38.101133]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.472576,-78.472328,-78.471629,-78.471544,-78.471392,-78.471408,-78.471435,-78.471739,-78.471909,-78.472213,-78.470025,-78.468975,-78.468167,-78.467479,-78.464439,-78.464447,-78.464405,-78.464215,-78.464181,-78.464164,-78.464163,-78.464218,-78.464265,-78.464262,-78.464353,-78.464442,-78.464525,-78.464578,-78.464596,-78.464619,-78.46456,-78.46441,-78.46411,-78.463752,-78.463389,-78.463145,-78.462563,-78.461862,-78.461216,-78.459766,-78.458182,-78.456678,-78.455725,-78.455021,-78.454392,-78.453996,-78.453091,-78.451885,-78.450298,-78.44895,-78.447344,-78.445404,-78.444728,-78.443615,-78.443063,-78.443022,-78.442982,-78.442771,-78.44257,-78.44245,-78.44199,-78.441836,-78.441901,-78.44215,-78.442418,-78.442868,-78.443727,-78.444601,-78.444804,-78.444846,-78.444962,-78.445154,-78.445798,-78.446312,-78.446798,-78.447037,-78.446972,-78.44683,-78.446561,-78.446303,-78.445947,-78.444909,-78.444798,-78.444662,-78.444142,-78.44314,-78.442739,-78.442102,-78.441992,-78.441729,-78.440772,-78.440501,-78.439964,-78.43987,-78.43976,-78.439468,-78.439558,-78.439508,-78.439648,-78.440128,-78.442023,-78.44276,-78.443071,-78.443085,-78.442816,-78.442767,-78.442696,-78.44269,-78.442879,-78.443317,-78.44444,-78.446285,-78.447738,-78.448504,-78.449772,-78.449877,-78.45036,-78.450385,-78.450678,-78.451366,-78.451495,-78.45162,-78.451738,-78.451571,-78.451161,-78.450945,-78.450762,-78.450123,-78.449526,-78.449415,-78.449214,-78.449228,-78.449326,-78.449898,-78.451013,-78.452804,-78.454387,-78.454807,-78.454627,-78.454308,-78.45446,-78.454896,-78.455271,-78.455386,-78.455538,-78.455703,-78.455842,-78.456018,-78.456154,-78.45631,-78.456416,-78.456579,-78.45688,-78.457112,-78.458893,-78.458939,-78.458837,-78.458581,-78.458282,-78.45809,-78.457544,-78.457475,-78.457422,-78.457379,-78.457348,-78.4573,-78.457261,-78.45726,-78.457281,-78.457296,-78.460223,-78.46069,-78.462943,-78.46403,-78.464033,-78.464052,-78.464055,-78.464069,-78.464097,-78.464147,-78.464378,-78.464438,-78.464527,-78.46454,-78.464617,-78.464721,-78.464796,-78.464855,-78.464873,-78.465025,-78.465024,-78.465062,-78.465338,-78.465348,-78.465507,-78.465806,-78.465829,-78.466022,-78.466102,-78.46613,-78.466147,-78.466261,-78.466484,-78.466695,-78.466925,-78.467129,-78.4674,-78.467702,-78.467769,-78.468407,-78.46947,-78.470018,-78.470012,-78.469933,-78.470085,-78.470332,-78.470695,-78.470712,-78.47072,-78.471488,-78.471767,-78.472258,-78.472532,-78.472645,-78.472576],"lat":[38.049533,38.050048,38.050433,38.050473,38.050797,38.050991,38.051054,38.051767,38.052044,38.052543,38.055004,38.056432,38.057819,38.059071,38.06455,38.064615,38.064699,38.065244,38.065665,38.065949,38.066155,38.066522,38.066756,38.066771,38.067098,38.067507,38.067972,38.068283,38.06859,38.068964,38.069552,38.070164,38.070846,38.071514,38.072074,38.072404,38.072966,38.073591,38.074098,38.075053,38.076065,38.077107,38.077808,38.078396,38.078987,38.07936,38.080225,38.081109,38.08212,38.082949,38.083995,38.085307,38.085765,38.087377,38.08813,38.088188,38.088247,38.088007,38.087869,38.087724,38.087168,38.086638,38.086175,38.085921,38.085778,38.085662,38.085205,38.084497,38.084236,38.08406,38.083968,38.082979,38.082056,38.080896,38.08024,38.07944,38.078741,38.078357,38.077919,38.077627,38.077358,38.076808,38.076683,38.076664,38.076298,38.07579,38.075514,38.07524,38.075115,38.07504,38.074539,38.0745,38.074082,38.074009,38.073884,38.073152,38.072584,38.072304,38.072016,38.071577,38.07057,38.07018,38.069862,38.06961,38.069171,38.068902,38.068501,38.068137,38.067547,38.067283,38.066902,38.066043,38.065455,38.064804,38.063426,38.063337,38.062931,38.062825,38.062596,38.06206,38.061715,38.061588,38.061097,38.060819,38.060578,38.060527,38.060484,38.060028,38.059397,38.059236,38.058929,38.058919,38.058851,38.058451,38.057695,38.056479,38.055405,38.055108,38.054926,38.054603,38.054505,38.054217,38.054604,38.054723,38.054893,38.055066,38.05519,38.055318,38.055395,38.055464,38.055502,38.05555,38.055613,38.055089,38.051107,38.051005,38.050964,38.05086,38.050746,38.050656,38.050424,38.050403,38.050375,38.050336,38.05028,38.049898,38.049681,38.049579,38.049445,38.049412,38.049449,38.049455,38.049521,38.049554,38.049538,38.049474,38.049464,38.049389,38.049289,38.049168,38.04875,38.048659,38.048551,38.04854,38.048473,38.048404,38.048367,38.048342,38.048334,38.048312,38.048265,38.048214,38.047152,38.047119,38.046863,38.046308,38.046266,38.045909,38.04575,38.0457,38.045707,38.045746,38.045823,38.045897,38.045974,38.046046,38.046139,38.046245,38.046269,38.046595,38.046644,38.046759,38.046989,38.047038,38.047427,38.048,38.048683,38.048716,38.04873,38.048757,38.048764,38.04878,38.048945,38.049209,38.049533]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#CAAF34","#CAAF34","#49B492","#89B162","#CAAF34","#89B162","#CAAF34","#F4A611","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#4CA7A9","#F4A611","#F89106","#89B162","#49B492","#F4A611","#F4A611","#F4A611","#F89106","#CAAF34","#CAAF34","#F89106","#F4A611","#F89106","#CAAF34","#CAAF34","#F47B03","#49B492","#89B162"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $117,813<br>Census Tract: 113.03<br>Area Name: Avon Street Ext.-Mill Creek","Median family income: $102,115<br>Census Tract: 112.01<br>Area Name: Yancey Mills, Batesville","Median family income: $145,357<br>Census Tract: 112.02<br>Area Name: North Garden","Median family income: $138,315<br>Census Tract: 102.02<br>Area Name: Earlysville","Median family income: $101,549<br>Census Tract: 102.01<br>Area Name: Charlottesville-Albemarle Airport","Median family income: $123,158<br>Census Tract: 104.01<br>Area Name: Stony Point-Keswick","Median family income: $107,500<br>Census Tract: 104.02<br>Area Name: Village of Rivanna","Median family income: $88,517<br>Census Tract: 113.01<br>Area Name: Monticello, Carters Mountain","Median family income: $90,096<br>Census Tract: 113.02<br>Area Name: Oak Hill, Southwood","Median family income: $116,518<br>Census Tract: 101<br>Area Name: Free Union","Median family income: $190,353<br>Census Tract: 110<br>Area Name: Ivy","Median family income: $86,842<br>Census Tract: 114<br>Area Name: Southern Albemarle-Scottsville","Median family income: $75,938<br>Census Tract: 109.01<br>Area Name: Old Ivy-Darden School (UVA)","Median family income: $130,931<br>Census Tract: 105.01<br>Area Name: Darden-Key West","Median family income: $151,158<br>Census Tract: 111.03<br>Area Name: Old Trail","Median family income: $82,569<br>Census Tract: 108.02<br>Area Name: Albemarle High School","Median family income: $92,396<br>Census Tract: 111.01<br>Area Name: Crozet-Beaver Creek","Median family income: $96,375<br>Census Tract: 106.04<br>Area Name: Woodbrook-Carrsbrook","Median family income: $75,833<br>Census Tract: 105.02<br>Area Name: Pantops","Median family income: $111,210<br>Census Tract: 103.01<br>Area Name: Berkmar Drive","Median family income: $119,688<br>Census Tract: 103.03<br>Area Name: Hollymead","Median family income: $68,700<br>Census Tract: 107.01<br>Area Name: Hydraulic","Median family income: $99,223<br>Census Tract: 107.02<br>Area Name: Commonwealth-Townwood-Berkmar","Median family income: $68,958<br>Census Tract: 106.03<br>Area Name: Branchland","Median family income: $119,375<br>Census Tract: 111.02<br>Area Name: Western Ridge-Westhall","Median family income: $101,917<br>Census Tract: 108.01<br>Area Name: Barracks-Hessian Hills","Median family income: $53,047<br>Census Tract: 109.04<br>Area Name: Carr's Hill-McCormick Road (UVA)","Median family income: $156,765<br>Census Tract: 103.02<br>Area Name: Polo Grounds Road","Median family income: $123,516<br>Census Tract: 106.02<br>Area Name: Dunlora-Stone Henge"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.722642,38.277933],"lng":[-78.838874,-78.209384]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The Carr’s Hill-McCormick Road (UVA) tract has the lowest median family
incomes at \$53,047. While undergraduate students are largely excluded
from this analysis, as they aren’t residing in family households, it may
include graduate students who are older, more likely to have families,
and more likely to live near the university alongside other low-paid
families. By contrast, the Ivy tract has the highest median family
income at \$190,353.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. In
Albemarle County, again, the highest percentage of low-paid families are
concentrated in the Carr’s Hill-McCormick Road (UVA), Oak Hill, and
Southwood tracts. Most of the other tracts in the county have no more
than 20% of families making less than \$35,000 a year.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Albemarle County

<div id="htmlwidget-a612c18e8f4e915e48cb" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-a612c18e8f4e915e48cb">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.513187,-78.513173,-78.513131,-78.513077,-78.512992,-78.512985,-78.512833,-78.512736,-78.512576,-78.512437,-78.512361,-78.512062,-78.511972,-78.511374,-78.511347,-78.511276,-78.511172,-78.511116,-78.510922,-78.510668,-78.510637,-78.51038,-78.510116,-78.509956,-78.50981,-78.509553,-78.509164,-78.50897,-78.508657,-78.508504,-78.508206,-78.507928,-78.507463,-78.507143,-78.507011,-78.506823,-78.506629,-78.506164,-78.50599,-78.505844,-78.505809,-78.505691,-78.505403,-78.505208,-78.505038,-78.504837,-78.504476,-78.504239,-78.503927,-78.503691,-78.503662,-78.503607,-78.50351,-78.503406,-78.503313,-78.503238,-78.503157,-78.503059,-78.502972,-78.502868,-78.502751,-78.502628,-78.50255,-78.502498,-78.502437,-78.502359,-78.502287,-78.502217,-78.502087,-78.502004,-78.501881,-78.501793,-78.501716,-78.501615,-78.501541,-78.501485,-78.50146,-78.501412,-78.501348,-78.501317,-78.501288,-78.501263,-78.501242,-78.501238,-78.50124,-78.501242,-78.501238,-78.501223,-78.501204,-78.501166,-78.501094,-78.501035,-78.500964,-78.500924,-78.500899,-78.500828,-78.500788,-78.500775,-78.500826,-78.500817,-78.500741,-78.500674,-78.500619,-78.500507,-78.500404,-78.500327,-78.50022,-78.500116,-78.500044,-78.499982,-78.499885,-78.499732,-78.499607,-78.499309,-78.499204,-78.499079,-78.498837,-78.497747,-78.496934,-78.496687,-78.496393,-78.496185,-78.495989,-78.495763,-78.495697,-78.495652,-78.495443,-78.495243,-78.495064,-78.495037,-78.494786,-78.494329,-78.494014,-78.493665,-78.491355,-78.489124,-78.48826,-78.48802,-78.487988,-78.487934,-78.487895,-78.487824,-78.487751,-78.487673,-78.487611,-78.487598,-78.487594,-78.48754,-78.487474,-78.487394,-78.487337,-78.487274,-78.487217,-78.487162,-78.487085,-78.487039,-78.487029,-78.486975,-78.486899,-78.486759,-78.486683,-78.486615,-78.486556,-78.486487,-78.486412,-78.486326,-78.486227,-78.486139,-78.486092,-78.486018,-78.485932,-78.485847,-78.485748,-78.48566,-78.485573,-78.485498,-78.485449,-78.485365,-78.485273,-78.485184,-78.485094,-78.485036,-78.485008,-78.4849,-78.484814,-78.484735,-78.484673,-78.484635,-78.484616,-78.484547,-78.484519,-78.48446,-78.484405,-78.484355,-78.484321,-78.484292,-78.484234,-78.484172,-78.484124,-78.484109,-78.484058,-78.484005,-78.483941,-78.483889,-78.483838,-78.483788,-78.483758,-78.483713,-78.483645,-78.483592,-78.483536,-78.483491,-78.483451,-78.483438,-78.483411,-78.483357,-78.483323,-78.483278,-78.483272,-78.483264,-78.483222,-78.483214,-78.483227,-78.483231,-78.483224,-78.483206,-78.483196,-78.483196,-78.483186,-78.483182,-78.483161,-78.483139,-78.483115,-78.483095,-78.483085,-78.483068,-78.483054,-78.483036,-78.483023,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.483033,-78.48305,-78.483064,-78.483082,-78.483086,-78.483086,-78.483078,-78.483064,-78.483061,-78.483042,-78.483015,-78.483006,-78.483006,-78.482995,-78.482999,-78.483012,-78.48302,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.483015,-78.48299,-78.482955,-78.482917,-78.482843,-78.482763,-78.4827,-78.482614,-78.482544,-78.482428,-78.482321,-78.482183,-78.482009,-78.481919,-78.481816,-78.481733,-78.481645,-78.48157,-78.481484,-78.481383,-78.481303,-78.481235,-78.481188,-78.481177,-78.481128,-78.481078,-78.481059,-78.481046,-78.481017,-78.480976,-78.480915,-78.480852,-78.480748,-78.480675,-78.480617,-78.48055,-78.480487,-78.480438,-78.480395,-78.480367,-78.480327,-78.480276,-78.480221,-78.480153,-78.480102,-78.480051,-78.479937,-78.479923,-78.479899,-78.479845,-78.479796,-78.479729,-78.479659,-78.479635,-78.479611,-78.479591,-78.479551,-78.479508,-78.479478,-78.479435,-78.479419,-78.479367,-78.479299,-78.479253,-78.479222,-78.479171,-78.479124,-78.479083,-78.479054,-78.479035,-78.479009,-78.478991,-78.478979,-78.478968,-78.478952,-78.47894,-78.478928,-78.478903,-78.478867,-78.478819,-78.478766,-78.478682,-78.47863,-78.478591,-78.47855,-78.478507,-78.478466,-78.478422,-78.478386,-78.478356,-78.478304,-78.478267,-78.478234,-78.478187,-78.47815,-78.478024,-78.477945,-78.477805,-78.477658,-78.477498,-78.47745,-78.477425,-78.4774,-78.477367,-78.477347,-78.47715,-78.475661,-78.475109,-78.475249,-78.47527,-78.475327,-78.475483,-78.475674,-78.475763,-78.47674,-78.476926,-78.477131,-78.47732,-78.478445,-78.479084,-78.479152,-78.479212,-78.480161,-78.480751,-78.480884,-78.481031,-78.481101,-78.481289,-78.48152,-78.481619,-78.481769,-78.48198,-78.482297,-78.482482,-78.482524,-78.482624,-78.482914,-78.482989,-78.483099,-78.483191,-78.483311,-78.483398,-78.48354,-78.484146,-78.484395,-78.484604,-78.484731,-78.484837,-78.484927,-78.485001,-78.485026,-78.485041,-78.485064,-78.485399,-78.486088,-78.486343,-78.48647,-78.486547,-78.48659,-78.486676,-78.486741,-78.48686,-78.486994,-78.487191,-78.48808,-78.488366,-78.488926,-78.488955,-78.489398,-78.489687,-78.489948,-78.490304,-78.490679,-78.491103,-78.492663,-78.493521,-78.494257,-78.494523,-78.494826,-78.49502,-78.495479,-78.496431,-78.496545,-78.496804,-78.496912,-78.497006,-78.497208,-78.49739,-78.497698,-78.498066,-78.498394,-78.49866,-78.498964,-78.499064,-78.499756,-78.499916,-78.500054,-78.50026,-78.500412,-78.500854,-78.500994,-78.501679,-78.501905,-78.501995,-78.502073,-78.502173,-78.502425,-78.503113,-78.503305,-78.503522,-78.503672,-78.503922,-78.504709,-78.505132,-78.505354,-78.505961,-78.506333,-78.506436,-78.506485,-78.506519,-78.506536,-78.506531,-78.506507,-78.506466,-78.506303,-78.506199,-78.506083,-78.505984,-78.505904,-78.505841,-78.505795,-78.50576,-78.505714,-78.505648,-78.505602,-78.505575,-78.505547,-78.505542,-78.505555,-78.50563,-78.505655,-78.505658,-78.505658,-78.505637,-78.505634,-78.50561,-78.505587,-78.505566,-78.505515,-78.505441,-78.505356,-78.505222,-78.504181,-78.504099,-78.503752,-78.503338,-78.502885,-78.502264,-78.502409,-78.502528,-78.502649,-78.50281,-78.502947,-78.503054,-78.503187,-78.503312,-78.503481,-78.50355,-78.50367,-78.503736,-78.503824,-78.503985,-78.504149,-78.504327,-78.504539,-78.504747,-78.504869,-78.505008,-78.505137,-78.505251,-78.505352,-78.505465,-78.50556,-78.505629,-78.505667,-78.50568,-78.505677,-78.505654,-78.505614,-78.505563,-78.505496,-78.505311,-78.505067,-78.505149,-78.505312,-78.505462,-78.505554,-78.505629,-78.50571,-78.505929,-78.506023,-78.506326,-78.506399,-78.50648,-78.506648,-78.50683,-78.506966,-78.507119,-78.507138,-78.507172,-78.5072,-78.507311,-78.507394,-78.507477,-78.507616,-78.507721,-78.507804,-78.507873,-78.507956,-78.507998,-78.508012,-78.507991,-78.507998,-78.508018,-78.508039,-78.508192,-78.508255,-78.508477,-78.508574,-78.508615,-78.508643,-78.508727,-78.508775,-78.509365,-78.509642,-78.510183,-78.51026,-78.510274,-78.51028,-78.510322,-78.510398,-78.510502,-78.510592,-78.511175,-78.511612,-78.511696,-78.512005,-78.512056,-78.512327,-78.512501,-78.512625,-78.512896,-78.513007,-78.513076,-78.513166,-78.51318,-78.513187],"lat":[37.997703,37.997857,37.998032,37.998139,37.998312,37.998367,37.998405,37.998444,37.998526,37.998636,37.998713,37.99913,37.99924,38.000124,38.00014,38.000293,38.00043,38.000518,38.00077,38.001122,38.001166,38.001473,38.001852,38.00206,38.002236,38.002571,38.003098,38.003328,38.003734,38.00397,38.004377,38.004706,38.005211,38.00559,38.005754,38.006051,38.006298,38.006803,38.007006,38.007192,38.007247,38.007407,38.007749,38.007981,38.008191,38.008416,38.008872,38.009146,38.009536,38.009816,38.009848,38.009909,38.010003,38.010096,38.0102,38.010252,38.01031,38.010393,38.010465,38.01052,38.010573,38.010626,38.010653,38.01067,38.010708,38.010766,38.010828,38.01087,38.010939,38.01098,38.011012,38.011045,38.011085,38.011158,38.011235,38.011286,38.0113,38.011332,38.011384,38.011413,38.011435,38.011463,38.011501,38.011591,38.011639,38.011713,38.011741,38.011781,38.011817,38.011863,38.011921,38.011976,38.012034,38.012081,38.012097,38.012186,38.012224,38.012301,38.012359,38.012396,38.012469,38.012493,38.012552,38.012633,38.012698,38.012748,38.012765,38.012769,38.012768,38.012812,38.012856,38.012904,38.012948,38.013014,38.013014,38.012992,38.012904,38.01342,38.013828,38.013946,38.01409,38.014193,38.014293,38.014406,38.01444,38.014463,38.014558,38.014639,38.014711,38.014721,38.014825,38.01501,38.015136,38.015276,38.017503,38.017543,38.016834,38.016639,38.016612,38.016642,38.016653,38.016672,38.016682,38.016681,38.016674,38.016666,38.016643,38.016617,38.016595,38.016587,38.016578,38.016566,38.016547,38.016507,38.01645,38.016422,38.016414,38.016378,38.016317,38.016219,38.016171,38.016117,38.016072,38.016038,38.016021,38.016019,38.016024,38.016031,38.016034,38.016036,38.016033,38.01602,38.016002,38.015985,38.015961,38.015945,38.015937,38.015923,38.015907,38.015881,38.015851,38.015831,38.015821,38.015776,38.015736,38.015697,38.015667,38.015645,38.015635,38.015605,38.015579,38.015558,38.015538,38.015536,38.015538,38.015532,38.015506,38.015475,38.015453,38.015433,38.015389,38.015363,38.015335,38.015314,38.015293,38.015253,38.015222,38.015179,38.015139,38.015103,38.015074,38.015045,38.015025,38.015006,38.014969,38.014951,38.014926,38.014899,38.01488,38.01484,38.0148,38.014771,38.014733,38.014677,38.01462,38.014567,38.014506,38.014342,38.014251,38.014186,38.014116,38.014048,38.013993,38.013934,38.013869,38.013801,38.013709,38.013607,38.013519,38.013432,38.013339,38.013227,38.013123,38.013031,38.012937,38.012888,38.01281,38.012766,38.012721,38.012676,38.012635,38.012559,38.012519,38.012453,38.012381,38.012317,38.012258,38.012209,38.012122,38.012058,38.011989,38.011922,38.011877,38.011851,38.011831,38.011825,38.011819,38.011813,38.011808,38.011812,38.011809,38.011802,38.011797,38.011776,38.011774,38.011777,38.011788,38.011801,38.011814,38.01184,38.011891,38.011961,38.012024,38.012094,38.012111,38.012184,38.01228,38.012344,38.012417,38.012479,38.012532,38.012582,38.012613,38.012669,38.012761,38.012831,38.012907,38.012989,38.013057,38.013129,38.013187,38.013243,38.013314,38.01337,38.013415,38.013442,38.013448,38.013436,38.013435,38.013429,38.013426,38.013434,38.013432,38.013433,38.013433,38.013417,38.013401,38.013382,38.01339,38.013392,38.013384,38.013381,38.013367,38.013355,38.013338,38.013329,38.013329,38.013336,38.013393,38.013418,38.013428,38.013437,38.013455,38.013477,38.013497,38.013523,38.013541,38.013551,38.013565,38.013602,38.013635,38.013664,38.013708,38.013739,38.013773,38.013787,38.013819,38.013824,38.013831,38.013835,38.013846,38.013878,38.013904,38.01393,38.013951,38.013967,38.014008,38.014038,38.014094,38.01415,38.014186,38.014212,38.014222,38.014232,38.014246,38.01426,38.014478,38.014511,38.013917,38.013686,38.01365,38.013556,38.013299,38.012979,38.012833,38.011196,38.010884,38.010546,38.010225,38.008352,38.00728,38.007168,38.007067,38.005483,38.004487,38.004255,38.003978,38.00383,38.003392,38.002821,38.002554,38.002258,38.001862,38.00129,38.000958,38.000874,38.000675,38.000023,37.999895,37.99974,37.999634,37.999525,37.99946,37.999367,37.999039,37.998891,37.998749,37.99865,37.998545,37.998431,37.998312,37.998269,37.998241,37.998198,37.997494,37.996025,37.995485,37.995235,37.995111,37.99504,37.994923,37.994846,37.994726,37.994615,37.99448,37.993966,37.993797,37.99345,37.993433,37.993172,37.993026,37.992915,37.992778,37.992666,37.992559,37.992201,37.992023,37.991881,37.991826,37.991755,37.991703,37.991576,37.991302,37.991269,37.991178,37.991136,37.991096,37.991001,37.990897,37.990692,37.990424,37.990164,37.989964,37.989752,37.98969,37.98926,37.989153,37.98905,37.988876,37.988732,37.988256,37.988102,37.987354,37.987097,37.986984,37.986887,37.986752,37.98639,37.985392,37.985128,37.984846,37.984663,37.984363,37.983436,37.98294,37.982691,37.982055,37.981678,37.981745,37.981794,37.981851,37.981913,37.981969,37.982037,37.982099,37.982258,37.982352,37.982479,37.982612,37.982744,37.982881,37.983023,37.98322,37.983598,37.984122,37.984502,37.98473,37.985045,37.985236,37.985428,37.985972,37.986257,37.98644,37.986666,37.987666,37.987779,37.988113,37.988289,37.98839,37.988555,37.988727,37.988895,37.989121,37.990824,37.99096,37.991536,37.992211,37.992959,37.993979,37.994026,37.994043,37.994045,37.994034,37.99401,37.993981,37.993931,37.993867,37.993768,37.993734,37.993684,37.993662,37.993637,37.993605,37.993587,37.99359,37.993611,37.993653,37.993692,37.993753,37.993824,37.993901,37.993988,37.994111,37.994247,37.994383,37.994507,37.994613,37.994769,37.994909,37.99504,37.995157,37.99527,37.995548,37.995896,37.995936,37.996032,37.99614,37.99622,37.996301,37.996408,37.996309,37.996254,37.996423,37.996471,37.996482,37.996464,37.996335,37.996159,37.995687,37.99602,37.996113,37.996118,37.996091,37.996086,37.996098,37.996119,37.996168,37.996223,37.996283,37.996382,37.996459,37.996558,37.996728,37.996767,37.996783,37.996772,37.996586,37.996536,37.996421,37.996405,37.996399,37.996383,37.996234,37.996267,37.996432,37.996526,37.996751,37.996806,37.996839,37.997031,37.997086,37.997136,37.997174,37.997185,37.997164,37.997164,37.99718,37.997289,37.997307,37.997302,37.997324,37.997368,37.99751,37.997554,37.997565,37.997598,37.997626,37.997703]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.837013,-78.834755,-78.834585,-78.83311,-78.832969,-78.831629,-78.830144,-78.829974,-78.829927,-78.829101,-78.828415,-78.828108,-78.826512,-78.826075,-78.825585,-78.825523,-78.825209,-78.825203,-78.824685,-78.823569,-78.822481,-78.822327,-78.822221,-78.822263,-78.822293,-78.821882,-78.821691,-78.820182,-78.819842,-78.819014,-78.81862,-78.818112,-78.817492,-78.81735,-78.817289,-78.816846,-78.816537,-78.816228,-78.816219,-78.815923,-78.814659,-78.814401,-78.812758,-78.811857,-78.810856,-78.810497,-78.809884,-78.809484,-78.808242,-78.808195,-78.808016,-78.808007,-78.807793,-78.807611,-78.806482,-78.806236,-78.805903,-78.805756,-78.805444,-78.805307,-78.805067,-78.804569,-78.804145,-78.803998,-78.803562,-78.803218,-78.80232,-78.801844,-78.801617,-78.801041,-78.800371,-78.799482,-78.79937,-78.79911,-78.798851,-78.798372,-78.797294,-78.797234,-78.796309,-78.795252,-78.794761,-78.792788,-78.79218,-78.7922,-78.792204,-78.792228,-78.79263,-78.793104,-78.79313,-78.793148,-78.793156,-78.793161,-78.793177,-78.793149,-78.793135,-78.793029,-78.792787,-78.792841,-78.792868,-78.793521,-78.793667,-78.794019,-78.793927,-78.793647,-78.793119,-78.792616,-78.791887,-78.791606,-78.791426,-78.790272,-78.78912,-78.78884,-78.788162,-78.78807,-78.786826,-78.78603,-78.785161,-78.784453,-78.783561,-78.78349,-78.78224,-78.781681,-78.781078,-78.780879,-78.780855,-78.780811,-78.780813,-78.780648,-78.780492,-78.780163,-78.779858,-78.77959,-78.7792,-78.77891,-78.778899,-78.778903,-78.778945,-78.778984,-78.779059,-78.779073,-78.779083,-78.779125,-78.779247,-78.779306,-78.779228,-78.779185,-78.779124,-78.779069,-78.778975,-78.778674,-78.778218,-78.777945,-78.777688,-78.777575,-78.77738,-78.777309,-78.777203,-78.77768,-78.777702,-78.777887,-78.778527,-78.779569,-78.779887,-78.78049,-78.780611,-78.78094,-78.781173,-78.781181,-78.781209,-78.781152,-78.781119,-78.781095,-78.781108,-78.781135,-78.781133,-78.781113,-78.781077,-78.780971,-78.780888,-78.780868,-78.780793,-78.780728,-78.780647,-78.780592,-78.780301,-78.78026,-78.780226,-78.780182,-78.780129,-78.779887,-78.779602,-78.779416,-78.778556,-78.777668,-78.777126,-78.776483,-78.775844,-78.775618,-78.775452,-78.775282,-78.775077,-78.774564,-78.774185,-78.773921,-78.773706,-78.773562,-78.77339,-78.772897,-78.772753,-78.772626,-78.772501,-78.772344,-78.772161,-78.771998,-78.771877,-78.771751,-78.771693,-78.771641,-78.771132,-78.771071,-78.77092,-78.770819,-78.770718,-78.770453,-78.769792,-78.769646,-78.769556,-78.769343,-78.769081,-78.768969,-78.768849,-78.768561,-78.768482,-78.768351,-78.768154,-78.767833,-78.767575,-78.767154,-78.767054,-78.76659,-78.766464,-78.766396,-78.766272,-78.766006,-78.765791,-78.765396,-78.765194,-78.765109,-78.764975,-78.764829,-78.764513,-78.764414,-78.764279,-78.764106,-78.763716,-78.763391,-78.763283,-78.762171,-78.760039,-78.759724,-78.75947,-78.759248,-78.759029,-78.758773,-78.758575,-78.75845,-78.758034,-78.757894,-78.757745,-78.757617,-78.757505,-78.756819,-78.756646,-78.756408,-78.755781,-78.755668,-78.755554,-78.755451,-78.755351,-78.755234,-78.755179,-78.754972,-78.754514,-78.754393,-78.75429,-78.754118,-78.753968,-78.753857,-78.753676,-78.752886,-78.752564,-78.752057,-78.751539,-78.751422,-78.751276,-78.751131,-78.751047,-78.750928,-78.750822,-78.750532,-78.749376,-78.749242,-78.749168,-78.748588,-78.748162,-78.747775,-78.747549,-78.747099,-78.746791,-78.746687,-78.74575,-78.745248,-78.744899,-78.744794,-78.744681,-78.744564,-78.744213,-78.744142,-78.744094,-78.743903,-78.743765,-78.743752,-78.743756,-78.743778,-78.743809,-78.743826,-78.743823,-78.743797,-78.743758,-78.743727,-78.742547,-78.740875,-78.738683,-78.737435,-78.732649,-78.73013,-78.727457,-78.72265,-78.718244,-78.716081,-78.714634,-78.714496,-78.713082,-78.712755,-78.712375,-78.712314,-78.705046,-78.704858,-78.704636,-78.70376,-78.703544,-78.703322,-78.703099,-78.702884,-78.702676,-78.702557,-78.702279,-78.702175,-78.702036,-78.701946,-78.701786,-78.701438,-78.701133,-78.701105,-78.700799,-78.700653,-78.700556,-78.700375,-78.700271,-78.700097,-78.699944,-78.699777,-78.699624,-78.699416,-78.699393,-78.699256,-78.698797,-78.698415,-78.698283,-78.698095,-78.697894,-78.697727,-78.697393,-78.697206,-78.697101,-78.696949,-78.696789,-78.696691,-78.696386,-78.69617,-78.696036,-78.696014,-78.69598,-78.695948,-78.695933,-78.695809,-78.695698,-78.69551,-78.695413,-78.69535,-78.695312,-78.69528,-78.695257,-78.69526,-78.695211,-78.695183,-78.695201,-78.695211,-78.695329,-78.69544,-78.695572,-78.695732,-78.695802,-78.69585,-78.695857,-78.69585,-78.695829,-78.695795,-78.69576,-78.695705,-78.695656,-78.695601,-78.695576,-78.695574,-78.695569,-78.695549,-78.695454,-78.695336,-78.695266,-78.695197,-78.695162,-78.695121,-78.694995,-78.694947,-78.694891,-78.694822,-78.694787,-78.694697,-78.694669,-78.694558,-78.694474,-78.694439,-78.694419,-78.694426,-78.694537,-78.694565,-78.694571,-78.694564,-78.694565,-78.69453,-78.694592,-78.694571,-78.69453,-78.694412,-78.694363,-78.694307,-78.694238,-78.694099,-78.694039,-78.694025,-78.694009,-78.693982,-78.693927,-78.693585,-78.693216,-78.693075,-78.692936,-78.69283,-78.692701,-78.692453,-78.69225,-78.692192,-78.692151,-78.692135,-78.692134,-78.692183,-78.692274,-78.692323,-78.692347,-78.692398,-78.692534,-78.6926,-78.692648,-78.692661,-78.69267,-78.692873,-78.692991,-78.693054,-78.693119,-78.693223,-78.693355,-78.693466,-78.69364,-78.693814,-78.693862,-78.693921,-78.693953,-78.693974,-78.694008,-78.694078,-78.694126,-78.694252,-78.694467,-78.694509,-78.694877,-78.695106,-78.695231,-78.695349,-78.695857,-78.696024,-78.696378,-78.696524,-78.69667,-78.696823,-78.697002,-78.69706,-78.697126,-78.697351,-78.697455,-78.697518,-78.69758,-78.697664,-78.697691,-78.697782,-78.697794,-78.697809,-78.697886,-78.697976,-78.698379,-78.698741,-78.698838,-78.698914,-78.698991,-78.699102,-78.699213,-78.699394,-78.699595,-78.699706,-78.699871,-78.700158,-78.700248,-78.700332,-78.70036,-78.700408,-78.700401,-78.700408,-78.700429,-78.70052,-78.700651,-78.701103,-78.701464,-78.701937,-78.702159,-78.702528,-78.702764,-78.702931,-78.703118,-78.703417,-78.703619,-78.70373,-78.703827,-78.703904,-78.704036,-78.704098,-78.70414,-78.704216,-78.704272,-78.704383,-78.704564,-78.704737,-78.704918,-78.705182,-78.705432,-78.705564,-78.705926,-78.706099,-78.706287,-78.706329,-78.706397,-78.706614,-78.706822,-78.707065,-78.707197,-78.707308,-78.707392,-78.70744,-78.70751,-78.707559,-78.707593,-78.707628,-78.707795,-78.707832,-78.707865,-78.708031,-78.708114,-78.708191,-78.708274,-78.70833,-78.708351,-78.708573,-78.70874,-78.7089,-78.70908,-78.70924,-78.7094,-78.709553,-78.709699,-78.709859,-78.710137,-78.71029,-78.710491,-78.710713,-78.710818,-78.711005,-78.711068,-78.711123,-78.711283,-78.711478,-78.711624,-78.711707,-78.711922,-78.712055,-78.712214,-78.712457,-78.712506,-78.712583,-78.712749,-78.712805,-78.71293,-78.713152,-78.713229,-78.713298,-78.713333,-78.713368,-78.713423,-78.713611,-78.713764,-78.713861,-78.713937,-78.714229,-78.714354,-78.714382,-78.714591,-78.714771,-78.715091,-78.715244,-78.715313,-78.715396,-78.715424,-78.715528,-78.71566,-78.715883,-78.716146,-78.716168,-78.716376,-78.716543,-78.716723,-78.716862,-78.717071,-78.717126,-78.717203,-78.717595,-78.717802,-78.717845,-78.718072,-78.718356,-78.718619,-78.718746,-78.718787,-78.71885,-78.718871,-78.719003,-78.719072,-78.71935,-78.719441,-78.719517,-78.719608,-78.719642,-78.719649,-78.719615,-78.719622,-78.719622,-78.719632,-78.71981,-78.719928,-78.720027,-78.720111,-78.720244,-78.720411,-78.720513,-78.721025,-78.721066,-78.721161,-78.72133,-78.721385,-78.721637,-78.721733,-78.721822,-78.721861,-78.722768,-78.72327,-78.723504,-78.723547,-78.723594,-78.723676,-78.723784,-78.723899,-78.724223,-78.724611,-78.724915,-78.725001,-78.72508,-78.72514,-78.725212,-78.72526,-78.725315,-78.725426,-78.725616,-78.725686,-78.725735,-78.725747,-78.72574,-78.725713,-78.7256,-78.725578,-78.725564,-78.725564,-78.725579,-78.725561,-78.725546,-78.725421,-78.725401,-78.725379,-78.725377,-78.725396,-78.725451,-78.72547,-78.725471,-78.725456,-78.725417,-78.725352,-78.725194,-78.725161,-78.72514,-78.72511,-78.725095,-78.725067,-78.725033,-78.724958,-78.724907,-78.724881,-78.724836,-78.724774,-78.724667,-78.72454,-78.724439,-78.72427,-78.724243,-78.724173,-78.72412,-78.724091,-78.724063,-78.724,-78.723901,-78.723843,-78.723835,-78.723792,-78.72372,-78.723666,-78.72357,-78.723491,-78.723362,-78.723233,-78.723119,-78.722938,-78.722808,-78.722615,-78.722117,-78.721883,-78.721602,-78.721272,-78.720999,-78.720805,-78.720633,-78.72024,-78.71992,-78.71967,-78.719474,-78.719204,-78.71912,-78.71896,-78.718828,-78.718664,-78.718459,-78.718429,-78.718239,-78.717913,-78.717624,-78.717581,-78.717397,-78.717272,-78.717126,-78.716908,-78.716341,-78.716114,-78.71601,-78.71592,-78.715651,-78.715496,-78.715445,-78.715291,-78.715231,-78.715097,-78.714935,-78.714811,-78.714669,-78.714474,-78.714396,-78.714361,-78.714342,-78.714339,-78.714553,-78.715058,-78.715645,-78.716718,-78.716958,-78.717666,-78.71862,-78.72434,-78.726842,-78.730127,-78.731133,-78.732728,-78.732837,-78.733974,-78.734743,-78.735538,-78.735798,-78.736234,-78.737188,-78.739056,-78.739705,-78.74072,-78.741782,-78.742897,-78.743004,-78.743167,-78.743505,-78.74365,-78.744173,-78.746661,-78.74748,-78.748254,-78.748222,-78.748152,-78.748039,-78.747954,-78.747892,-78.747745,-78.747611,-78.747511,-78.747454,-78.747409,-78.747391,-78.747393,-78.74746,-78.747472,-78.747476,-78.747461,-78.747444,-78.747426,-78.747399,-78.747377,-78.747349,-78.747308,-78.747286,-78.747248,-78.747211,-78.747104,-78.746824,-78.746637,-78.746595,-78.7465,-78.746553,-78.746622,-78.746874,-78.747156,-78.747181,-78.747324,-78.747398,-78.747543,-78.747703,-78.747741,-78.747897,-78.747986,-78.748,-78.748054,-78.748136,-78.748202,-78.748332,-78.749059,-78.749286,-78.749745,-78.749874,-78.749203,-78.746359,-78.742311,-78.741528,-78.738999,-78.738051,-78.733289,-78.732293,-78.732149,-78.731734,-78.731481,-78.73085,-78.73026,-78.729921,-78.729761,-78.729578,-78.729321,-78.72862,-78.728342,-78.727686,-78.727018,-78.726562,-78.725646,-78.725441,-78.723968,-78.722581,-78.721738,-78.720941,-78.72066,-78.720615,-78.720197,-78.719704,-78.719293,-78.718551,-78.717245,-78.716583,-78.715543,-78.714464,-78.71387,-78.710652,-78.70931,-78.709211,-78.705477,-78.702611,-78.701652,-78.700807,-78.69834,-78.693878,-78.692693,-78.691629,-78.690596,-78.689658,-78.689079,-78.687253,-78.686725,-78.685504,-78.685188,-78.684771,-78.684153,-78.684046,-78.683454,-78.682994,-78.682197,-78.681607,-78.681133,-78.680136,-78.67905,-78.67828,-78.671517,-78.67148,-78.671378,-78.668901,-78.668019,-78.663972,-78.661818,-78.660844,-78.660455,-78.659723,-78.65892,-78.658324,-78.657381,-78.6568,-78.656441,-78.655528,-78.654703,-78.651157,-78.648994,-78.647916,-78.646417,-78.644287,-78.642942,-78.642109,-78.637188,-78.636637,-78.636543,-78.636484,-78.636446,-78.636388,-78.636351,-78.636297,-78.636205,-78.636092,-78.635705,-78.635527,-78.635443,-78.635279,-78.635089,-78.634906,-78.63434,-78.633988,-78.633856,-78.632987,-78.632862,-78.63257,-78.632534,-78.632224,-78.631787,-78.631526,-78.631127,-78.631055,-78.630658,-78.630503,-78.630123,-78.629954,-78.629773,-78.629739,-78.629688,-78.629656,-78.629634,-78.62954,-78.629493,-78.629478,-78.629432,-78.629409,-78.629396,-78.629399,-78.629422,-78.629423,-78.629413,-78.629387,-78.629353,-78.629321,-78.629255,-78.629207,-78.629072,-78.628928,-78.628721,-78.628584,-78.628402,-78.628073,-78.628051,-78.627917,-78.62785,-78.627777,-78.627586,-78.627481,-78.62733,-78.627156,-78.627087,-78.626929,-78.626798,-78.626665,-78.626524,-78.626441,-78.626342,-78.62611,-78.62602,-78.625947,-78.625892,-78.625854,-78.62585,-78.625862,-78.625891,-78.62594,-78.626434,-78.626602,-78.626769,-78.626955,-78.627001,-78.62732,-78.62737,-78.627407,-78.627428,-78.627429,-78.627411,-78.627392,-78.627185,-78.627013,-78.626982,-78.626961,-78.626963,-78.62699,-78.627176,-78.627248,-78.627271,-78.627279,-78.627281,-78.627275,-78.627253,-78.627126,-78.627064,-78.627033,-78.627029,-78.627057,-78.627061,-78.627055,-78.627,-78.626956,-78.626933,-78.626952,-78.626965,-78.626997,-78.627014,-78.627079,-78.627117,-78.627203,-78.627304,-78.627868,-78.627922,-78.628009,-78.628051,-78.62808,-78.628147,-78.628197,-78.628228,-78.628274,-78.628286,-78.628319,-78.628356,-78.62841,-78.628525,-78.628726,-78.628873,-78.628996,-78.629287,-78.629377,-78.62949,-78.629619,-78.629703,-78.629714,-78.629916,-78.630045,-78.63016,-78.630355,-78.630748,-78.631067,-78.631471,-78.631582,-78.631721,-78.631964,-78.63203,-78.632339,-78.632444,-78.632599,-78.633379,-78.633769,-78.633865,-78.633956,-78.633991,-78.634118,-78.634188,-78.63423,-78.634274,-78.634378,-78.634703,-78.635119,-78.635253,-78.635293,-78.635552,-78.63566,-78.635757,-78.636259,-78.636324,-78.636418,-78.636532,-78.636574,-78.636989,-78.637141,-78.63728,-78.637405,-78.63769,-78.637905,-78.638114,-78.638274,-78.638674,-78.638724,-78.638989,-78.639039,-78.639077,-78.639108,-78.639125,-78.639141,-78.63917,-78.639218,-78.639241,-78.639438,-78.639697,-78.639789,-78.639801,-78.639923,-78.64004,-78.640406,-78.64045,-78.640477,-78.64049,-78.640488,-78.640468,-78.640423,-78.640201,-78.640178,-78.64013,-78.640094,-78.640058,-78.640019,-78.639998,-78.639948,-78.639881,-78.639818,-78.639677,-78.638952,-78.637554,-78.637133,-78.637049,-78.636919,-78.636824,-78.636739,-78.636197,-78.636097,-78.636015,-78.63595,-78.635597,-78.635489,-78.63536,-78.635303,-78.635193,-78.636611,-78.637979,-78.638269,-78.638754,-78.639142,-78.639585,-78.639998,-78.64044,-78.640574,-78.641078,-78.64158,-78.641993,-78.642161,-78.642569,-78.642946,-78.643134,-78.64345,-78.643915,-78.644217,-78.644535,-78.644875,-78.64523,-78.645573,-78.645843,-78.646475,-78.648149,-78.649231,-78.649706,-78.649898,-78.650899,-78.651265,-78.651547,-78.652038,-78.652213,-78.65266,-78.652952,-78.653032,-78.654841,-78.655161,-78.655428,-78.655563,-78.655823,-78.656051,-78.656258,-78.656342,-78.65664,-78.656892,-78.65713,-78.657939,-78.659245,-78.659491,-78.659658,-78.660768,-78.66083,-78.661185,-78.661517,-78.661633,-78.661752,-78.661873,-78.66197,-78.662354,-78.662463,-78.662509,-78.663071,-78.663247,-78.663499,-78.66366,-78.663938,-78.6642,-78.665043,-78.665917,-78.666039,-78.666254,-78.666385,-78.666485,-78.666694,-78.666861,-78.667043,-78.667245,-78.668048,-78.668207,-78.668318,-78.668392,-78.668562,-78.668717,-78.669104,-78.670068,-78.6705,-78.671162,-78.671324,-78.67183,-78.672353,-78.672793,-78.673371,-78.673406,-78.673501,-78.673599,-78.673775,-78.673968,-78.6746,-78.675114,-78.675468,-78.676176,-78.67635,-78.676497,-78.676638,-78.676774,-78.676852,-78.677002,-78.677594,-78.677671,-78.677834,-78.677953,-78.678069,-78.6782,-78.678569,-78.67931,-78.679473,-78.679578,-78.679675,-78.680426,-78.680823,-78.681213,-78.68133,-78.681515,-78.681686,-78.681842,-78.682696,-78.683268,-78.683593,-78.683691,-78.683992,-78.684627,-78.684813,-78.684894,-78.684943,-78.685225,-78.685688,-78.68573,-78.685828,-78.686019,-78.686217,-78.686414,-78.686583,-78.686808,-78.687809,-78.688458,-78.688882,-78.689092,-78.689343,-78.689535,-78.690442,-78.691036,-78.691118,-78.691241,-78.691346,-78.691433,-78.691499,-78.691621,-78.69174,-78.691982,-78.692213,-78.692329,-78.692575,-78.692766,-78.693014,-78.693053,-78.693337,-78.693559,-78.693814,-78.694076,-78.694494,-78.694783,-78.694886,-78.695285,-78.695734,-78.696164,-78.697067,-78.69718,-78.697456,-78.698122,-78.698592,-78.698751,-78.699285,-78.699471,-78.699997,-78.700132,-78.70026,-78.700325,-78.700478,-78.700876,-78.701318,-78.701888,-78.702545,-78.703009,-78.70365,-78.703711,-78.703799,-78.703898,-78.704944,-78.705079,-78.705198,-78.705283,-78.705354,-78.706169,-78.706225,-78.706331,-78.70645,-78.70665,-78.706878,-78.707685,-78.708194,-78.70896,-78.70916,-78.709373,-78.709553,-78.710214,-78.710815,-78.710951,-78.711139,-78.711269,-78.711493,-78.711682,-78.711842,-78.712011,-78.712153,-78.712336,-78.712525,-78.712717,-78.712781,-78.712887,-78.712989,-78.713066,-78.713155,-78.713275,-78.71337,-78.713474,-78.713905,-78.714094,-78.715008,-78.715755,-78.715856,-78.71598,-78.716032,-78.716115,-78.716238,-78.716353,-78.716589,-78.716698,-78.716828,-78.716994,-78.717181,-78.717377,-78.717564,-78.717804,-78.718049,-78.718284,-78.718496,-78.718578,-78.718738,-78.718816,-78.718938,-78.719048,-78.719184,-78.719526,-78.719632,-78.719744,-78.719962,-78.720068,-78.72021,-78.720608,-78.72074,-78.720862,-78.721065,-78.721128,-78.721175,-78.721326,-78.721386,-78.721412,-78.721505,-78.721569,-78.721663,-78.721702,-78.721759,-78.721821,-78.721902,-78.721983,-78.722357,-78.722487,-78.722687,-78.723302,-78.723574,-78.723844,-78.723963,-78.724116,-78.724247,-78.724395,-78.724456,-78.724613,-78.724753,-78.724804,-78.724863,-78.724913,-78.724975,-78.725021,-78.725071,-78.725285,-78.72534,-78.725406,-78.725465,-78.725543,-78.725606,-78.725978,-78.726165,-78.727251,-78.727408,-78.728192,-78.728271,-78.728364,-78.728434,-78.728595,-78.728638,-78.728699,-78.728776,-78.728826,-78.728895,-78.729037,-78.729186,-78.72994,-78.730381,-78.730526,-78.730642,-78.730786,-78.731154,-78.731724,-78.731861,-78.731964,-78.732084,-78.732203,-78.732294,-78.732412,-78.732466,-78.732534,-78.732613,-78.732847,-78.732904,-78.733019,-78.733126,-78.73322,-78.733319,-78.733648,-78.733699,-78.733782,-78.733859,-78.733914,-78.733961,-78.733999,-78.734111,-78.734148,-78.734199,-78.734261,-78.734745,-78.734938,-78.735175,-78.736555,-78.736601,-78.736654,-78.736696,-78.736873,-78.736932,-78.73702,-78.737455,-78.737662,-78.737876,-78.738096,-78.738935,-78.739035,-78.739147,-78.739167,-78.739465,-78.739617,-78.739721,-78.74014,-78.7403,-78.740364,-78.740627,-78.740773,-78.740923,-78.741048,-78.741418,-78.741531,-78.741646,-78.74176,-78.741871,-78.742347,-78.74244,-78.742548,-78.742643,-78.742725,-78.74297,-78.743017,-78.743088,-78.743171,-78.743262,-78.743635,-78.744094,-78.744185,-78.7443,-78.744392,-78.744693,-78.744777,-78.744859,-78.745083,-78.745178,-78.745276,-78.745377,-78.745415,-78.745525,-78.745608,-78.745667,-78.74573,-78.745763,-78.745807,-78.745846,-78.745937,-78.745961,-78.746005,-78.746044,-78.746094,-78.746149,-78.746223,-78.746285,-78.746336,-78.746521,-78.746582,-78.746656,-78.746723,-78.746997,-78.747023,-78.747101,-78.747162,-78.747213,-78.747251,-78.747314,-78.747347,-78.747397,-78.747441,-78.74747,-78.747476,-78.747497,-78.747546,-78.747581,-78.747629,-78.747686,-78.747735,-78.747842,-78.747941,-78.74801,-78.748069,-78.748143,-78.748217,-78.748295,-78.748363,-78.748407,-78.748477,-78.748522,-78.748549,-78.748571,-78.748584,-78.74861,-78.748669,-78.748733,-78.748826,-78.748933,-78.749264,-78.749375,-78.749761,-78.749888,-78.749962,-78.750039,-78.750113,-78.750181,-78.750234,-78.750297,-78.750332,-78.75036,-78.750376,-78.750378,-78.750361,-78.750337,-78.750296,-78.750239,-78.750168,-78.750058,-78.75,-78.749956,-78.749933,-78.74992,-78.749954,-78.749972,-78.750006,-78.750064,-78.750121,-78.750183,-78.750256,-78.750627,-78.75073,-78.750827,-78.750881,-78.750929,-78.750966,-78.751077,-78.751116,-78.751165,-78.751209,-78.751273,-78.751319,-78.751537,-78.751622,-78.751716,-78.752108,-78.752178,-78.752312,-78.752514,-78.752589,-78.752671,-78.752761,-78.752858,-78.752968,-78.753037,-78.753079,-78.753108,-78.753112,-78.753105,-78.75291,-78.752905,-78.752905,-78.752923,-78.752956,-78.753012,-78.75307,-78.753126,-78.753209,-78.753554,-78.753757,-78.753874,-78.753946,-78.753965,-78.753989,-78.754023,-78.754075,-78.754151,-78.754246,-78.754286,-78.754377,-78.754423,-78.754459,-78.754659,-78.754855,-78.754915,-78.754976,-78.755374,-78.755391,-78.755991,-78.75604,-78.756116,-78.756205,-78.756805,-78.756945,-78.757079,-78.757236,-78.757538,-78.757679,-78.757834,-78.758044,-78.758139,-78.758269,-78.758382,-78.759846,-78.76007,-78.760299,-78.760379,-78.761758,-78.763039,-78.765424,-78.7655,-78.767914,-78.768752,-78.770709,-78.776345,-78.777108,-78.778036,-78.778341,-78.779983,-78.780182,-78.781531,-78.781954,-78.78208,-78.782193,-78.785031,-78.785194,-78.785451,-78.786012,-78.78668,-78.787283,-78.788575,-78.792317,-78.794285,-78.794485,-78.79774,-78.798615,-78.799405,-78.800106,-78.8014,-78.802415,-78.803022,-78.803846,-78.80559,-78.805852,-78.806148,-78.806325,-78.806922,-78.807041,-78.807185,-78.808274,-78.808825,-78.810157,-78.812897,-78.813113,-78.814044,-78.815754,-78.816796,-78.81727,-78.818174,-78.819394,-78.819709,-78.819775,-78.819807,-78.819907,-78.820027,-78.820125,-78.820663,-78.820842,-78.82134,-78.821825,-78.821918,-78.822274,-78.822704,-78.822847,-78.822961,-78.823314,-78.823497,-78.82384,-78.824622,-78.825856,-78.826249,-78.828065,-78.828709,-78.82928,-78.829358,-78.829735,-78.830075,-78.830126,-78.83046,-78.830574,-78.830645,-78.831014,-78.831178,-78.831724,-78.831778,-78.832472,-78.832779,-78.832802,-78.832842,-78.832958,-78.833277,-78.833434,-78.833657,-78.833692,-78.833706,-78.83371,-78.83408,-78.834176,-78.834563,-78.838874,-78.837013],"lat":[38.048258,38.050027,38.05016,38.051314,38.051435,38.052582,38.053502,38.053913,38.054025,38.054202,38.054113,38.054074,38.054427,38.054832,38.055286,38.055344,38.056025,38.05604,38.056443,38.057311,38.057836,38.05791,38.057962,38.058416,38.058749,38.059078,38.059231,38.059602,38.059686,38.0598,38.059855,38.059769,38.059664,38.05964,38.05963,38.059765,38.05986,38.060283,38.060296,38.060352,38.060594,38.060644,38.061343,38.061726,38.061543,38.061478,38.061729,38.061892,38.062193,38.06238,38.063096,38.06311,38.063184,38.063247,38.063204,38.06335,38.063548,38.06374,38.064145,38.064329,38.064649,38.064824,38.064972,38.065001,38.065088,38.065157,38.06552,38.065861,38.066024,38.066163,38.066325,38.066459,38.066477,38.066516,38.066555,38.066627,38.067076,38.0671,38.067469,38.068141,38.068719,38.069504,38.070436,38.070757,38.07082,38.071198,38.071836,38.072587,38.072628,38.072797,38.072874,38.072926,38.073074,38.073246,38.073327,38.07398,38.075455,38.076009,38.076033,38.076604,38.076732,38.076898,38.077511,38.077808,38.077838,38.077867,38.078096,38.078184,38.07831,38.079117,38.079582,38.079695,38.080532,38.080941,38.081111,38.08167,38.08158,38.081409,38.081193,38.081169,38.080736,38.080668,38.080757,38.081029,38.081247,38.081527,38.08203,38.082461,38.082604,38.082905,38.083083,38.08324,38.08347,38.084369,38.085554,38.086137,38.087004,38.087263,38.087742,38.087835,38.087883,38.08815,38.088921,38.089297,38.089516,38.089636,38.089806,38.089961,38.090045,38.090307,38.090705,38.090954,38.091206,38.091425,38.091807,38.092062,38.093217,38.094097,38.094137,38.094478,38.094982,38.095579,38.095877,38.096441,38.096555,38.096924,38.097185,38.097286,38.097648,38.097835,38.097862,38.097465,38.097376,38.097295,38.097248,38.097204,38.097166,38.09709,38.09701,38.096984,38.096886,38.096775,38.096683,38.096635,38.096343,38.096319,38.096303,38.096294,38.09629,38.096257,38.0962,38.096151,38.095869,38.095591,38.095382,38.095153,38.094867,38.094807,38.094781,38.094768,38.09478,38.094818,38.094857,38.094905,38.094961,38.095016,38.095096,38.095378,38.095438,38.095474,38.095489,38.095493,38.095479,38.095473,38.095455,38.09551,38.095519,38.095517,38.095417,38.095409,38.095388,38.095387,38.0954,38.09547,38.095679,38.095746,38.095801,38.095954,38.096115,38.096174,38.09622,38.096303,38.096329,38.096375,38.09647,38.096639,38.096794,38.097076,38.097148,38.097546,38.097666,38.09772,38.097799,38.097933,38.098033,38.098195,38.09827,38.098306,38.098375,38.098474,38.098748,38.09882,38.098901,38.098979,38.099127,38.099235,38.099251,38.099235,38.099168,38.09918,38.099202,38.099231,38.099273,38.099341,38.099429,38.099498,38.099769,38.099839,38.099897,38.099933,38.099949,38.100006,38.100038,38.100101,38.100309,38.10032,38.100316,38.100307,38.100311,38.100335,38.100354,38.100453,38.100714,38.100769,38.100803,38.100848,38.100876,38.10089,38.100898,38.100889,38.100869,38.100812,38.100735,38.100727,38.10073,38.100747,38.100764,38.100805,38.100864,38.10105,38.101708,38.1018,38.101859,38.102359,38.102729,38.103026,38.103185,38.103487,38.103681,38.103746,38.104404,38.104759,38.104978,38.105025,38.105058,38.105076,38.105088,38.105111,38.105144,38.105395,38.105616,38.105671,38.105727,38.10578,38.105835,38.10591,38.105961,38.106034,38.106089,38.106118,38.106441,38.106774,38.107277,38.107564,38.108316,38.108608,38.10898,38.109688,38.110312,38.110474,38.110583,38.110581,38.110162,38.109908,38.109607,38.109368,38.108506,38.108479,38.108462,38.108517,38.10855,38.108578,38.108567,38.108539,38.108484,38.108435,38.108292,38.108221,38.108133,38.108084,38.108073,38.10804,38.107996,38.107996,38.107946,38.107913,38.107881,38.107776,38.107672,38.10754,38.107496,38.107491,38.107447,38.107359,38.107359,38.107326,38.107244,38.107101,38.107073,38.107063,38.107041,38.10703,38.106991,38.106964,38.106936,38.106881,38.106815,38.106761,38.106634,38.106579,38.106502,38.106484,38.10647,38.106459,38.106439,38.106354,38.106244,38.106085,38.105986,38.105904,38.10586,38.10582,38.105774,38.105734,38.105618,38.105481,38.105363,38.1053,38.105146,38.10502,38.104899,38.104718,38.104602,38.104471,38.104361,38.104246,38.104158,38.104053,38.103993,38.10394,38.103893,38.10379,38.103766,38.103738,38.103708,38.103693,38.103543,38.103323,38.10323,38.103164,38.103125,38.103103,38.102988,38.102933,38.102845,38.102664,38.10262,38.102554,38.102543,38.102472,38.102351,38.102219,38.101879,38.10178,38.101456,38.101363,38.101291,38.101176,38.100934,38.100781,38.100462,38.100407,38.100341,38.100215,38.100144,38.100001,38.09994,38.099869,38.099852,38.099728,38.099693,38.099661,38.099621,38.099389,38.099172,38.099107,38.099035,38.098959,38.098852,38.098601,38.098405,38.098334,38.098257,38.098198,38.098126,38.097936,38.097517,38.097221,38.097023,38.096752,38.096216,38.095931,38.095681,38.095528,38.095427,38.095325,38.095267,38.095234,38.095278,38.095317,38.095355,38.095377,38.095394,38.095437,38.095465,38.095517,38.09556,38.095591,38.095685,38.095844,38.095893,38.095976,38.096091,38.096118,38.0963,38.096398,38.096437,38.096442,38.096409,38.09642,38.096464,38.096475,38.09647,38.096426,38.096393,38.096387,38.096372,38.096338,38.09631,38.096278,38.096234,38.096195,38.096168,38.096096,38.096077,38.096063,38.096052,38.096063,38.096168,38.096241,38.09625,38.096239,38.096223,38.096162,38.096085,38.095981,38.095833,38.095772,38.09573,38.095679,38.095651,38.095618,38.095596,38.095542,38.09552,38.095481,38.095465,38.095426,38.095388,38.09536,38.095382,38.095421,38.095459,38.09553,38.095569,38.095574,38.095569,38.095541,38.095492,38.095453,38.095398,38.095333,38.095168,38.095058,38.094998,38.094926,38.094893,38.094882,38.094899,38.09491,38.094904,38.094866,38.094822,38.094811,38.094822,38.094816,38.094827,38.094833,38.094859,38.094942,38.095096,38.095184,38.095195,38.095189,38.095167,38.09514,38.095074,38.095003,38.09497,38.094959,38.094926,38.094905,38.094904,38.094854,38.094849,38.094854,38.094876,38.094897,38.094904,38.095019,38.095085,38.095189,38.095293,38.095348,38.095398,38.09542,38.095431,38.095425,38.09537,38.095326,38.095304,38.095304,38.095332,38.095403,38.095409,38.095398,38.095332,38.095238,38.095145,38.095101,38.095018,38.094985,38.094952,38.094854,38.094826,38.094804,38.094793,38.094782,38.094738,38.094711,38.094683,38.09465,38.094628,38.094606,38.09459,38.094447,38.094266,38.094183,38.094161,38.094101,38.094057,38.09404,38.093953,38.093854,38.0937,38.093661,38.093629,38.093574,38.093535,38.093447,38.093381,38.093315,38.093185,38.093178,38.093085,38.09303,38.092964,38.092903,38.092832,38.092821,38.092788,38.092916,38.092871,38.09292,38.092952,38.093138,38.093211,38.09332,38.093364,38.093408,38.09343,38.093518,38.093573,38.093726,38.093787,38.093853,38.093941,38.094006,38.094067,38.094221,38.09433,38.094398,38.09442,38.094337,38.094269,38.094186,38.094093,38.093957,38.09382,38.09372,38.093321,38.093293,38.093215,38.093033,38.093002,38.09284,38.092783,38.092746,38.092733,38.092516,38.092407,38.092367,38.09236,38.092328,38.092287,38.09225,38.092228,38.092203,38.092182,38.092152,38.092127,38.092091,38.092053,38.091984,38.091912,38.091796,38.091354,38.090627,38.090411,38.090232,38.090141,38.090051,38.089961,38.089666,38.089591,38.089468,38.089357,38.0892,38.089087,38.089045,38.088885,38.088851,38.088792,38.088712,38.08862,38.08849,38.088385,38.088336,38.088276,38.088212,38.088142,38.088007,38.087973,38.087949,38.087907,38.087882,38.087828,38.087719,38.08742,38.087192,38.087109,38.087031,38.08696,38.086882,38.08681,38.086765,38.086689,38.08668,38.08664,38.086586,38.086533,38.086392,38.085946,38.085309,38.084991,38.084945,38.084782,38.084614,38.084515,38.08438,38.084293,38.084181,38.08409,38.084026,38.083945,38.083899,38.083844,38.083732,38.083664,38.083564,38.083406,38.08325,38.083114,38.082975,38.082685,38.082474,38.082326,38.082208,38.081992,38.08191,38.081757,38.081617,38.081408,38.081125,38.081084,38.080797,38.080329,38.079899,38.079842,38.079628,38.079509,38.079392,38.079245,38.078915,38.078762,38.078676,38.078597,38.078335,38.078163,38.078107,38.077961,38.07791,38.077818,38.077728,38.07767,38.077614,38.077559,38.077537,38.077529,38.077352,38.077266,38.077277,38.077309,38.077337,38.07735,38.077354,38.077331,38.077107,38.075331,38.074276,38.072891,38.072494,38.072056,38.072047,38.071955,38.072042,38.072133,38.072225,38.072391,38.072995,38.073998,38.074326,38.074674,38.074747,38.074685,38.074657,38.074614,38.074527,38.074489,38.074273,38.072998,38.072579,38.072182,38.072175,38.072167,38.07214,38.07211,38.072073,38.071975,38.071865,38.071765,38.071685,38.071581,38.07149,38.071282,38.070874,38.070824,38.07074,38.070658,38.07061,38.070572,38.070532,38.070507,38.070484,38.070454,38.070441,38.070418,38.070399,38.070356,38.070294,38.070237,38.070045,38.069802,38.06971,38.069514,38.068572,38.067582,38.067491,38.066964,38.066703,38.066147,38.065587,38.065423,38.064813,38.064519,38.064483,38.064354,38.0642,38.064103,38.063941,38.06318,38.062949,38.062462,38.062306,38.061604,38.058599,38.05435,38.053529,38.051734,38.051098,38.047684,38.04697,38.046946,38.046864,38.046812,38.046669,38.04652,38.046428,38.046382,38.046328,38.046249,38.046018,38.045921,38.045667,38.045392,38.045187,38.044755,38.044658,38.043959,38.043301,38.042914,38.042564,38.042449,38.042431,38.04226,38.042066,38.041905,38.041632,38.041186,38.040978,38.04067,38.040378,38.040227,38.039425,38.039091,38.039062,38.038132,38.037419,38.03718,38.036969,38.036352,38.035237,38.034922,38.034623,38.034324,38.034045,38.033879,38.03334,38.033191,38.032833,38.032748,38.032636,38.032489,38.032467,38.032344,38.03226,38.032134,38.032058,38.032008,38.031928,38.031855,38.031801,38.031325,38.03132,38.031313,38.031142,38.031077,38.030797,38.030644,38.030587,38.03058,38.030567,38.030576,38.030593,38.030643,38.030691,38.03072,38.030819,38.030926,38.031371,38.031641,38.03178,38.031962,38.032232,38.032403,38.032502,38.033122,38.033191,38.032686,38.032331,38.032148,38.03187,38.031716,38.031566,38.031377,38.031167,38.030585,38.030283,38.030167,38.029988,38.029737,38.02945,38.02853,38.027993,38.027772,38.026372,38.026175,38.025685,38.025635,38.025156,38.024461,38.024019,38.023452,38.023347,38.022807,38.022611,38.022106,38.021881,38.02162,38.021568,38.021482,38.02142,38.021374,38.021135,38.020997,38.020934,38.020763,38.020673,38.020558,38.020465,38.020239,38.020047,38.019928,38.019824,38.019743,38.019684,38.019592,38.01954,38.019427,38.019279,38.018986,38.018787,38.018479,38.017838,38.017775,38.017477,38.017371,38.01729,38.017131,38.017052,38.016925,38.016765,38.016688,38.016478,38.016286,38.016055,38.015849,38.01573,38.015595,38.015295,38.015155,38.01501,38.014859,38.014511,38.013517,38.01331,38.013173,38.013036,38.012075,38.011712,38.011352,38.010974,38.010863,38.009995,38.009885,38.00975,38.009592,38.009448,38.009305,38.009224,38.008629,38.008107,38.007958,38.007691,38.007545,38.007276,38.006319,38.005975,38.005825,38.005714,38.005686,38.005558,38.005421,38.004965,38.004744,38.004501,38.004297,38.00388,38.003731,38.003531,38.002715,38.001908,38.001055,38.000365,38.000238,38.000112,38.000064,37.999934,37.999872,37.999757,37.999649,37.999156,37.999109,37.999017,37.998961,37.998916,37.998784,37.998658,37.998528,37.997798,37.997719,37.997577,37.99749,37.997408,37.997278,37.997054,37.99687,37.996675,37.996098,37.995882,37.99554,37.995179,37.994946,37.994917,37.994367,37.994076,37.993847,37.993425,37.992624,37.991969,37.99121,37.991012,37.990744,37.990197,37.990047,37.989299,37.989086,37.988828,37.987581,37.986978,37.986781,37.986537,37.986393,37.985985,37.985776,37.985669,37.98557,37.985369,37.984678,37.983787,37.983478,37.983378,37.982675,37.982433,37.982251,37.981421,37.981326,37.981214,37.981106,37.981071,37.98079,37.980674,37.980548,37.980414,37.98005,37.979742,37.979443,37.979186,37.978432,37.978356,37.977958,37.977868,37.977775,37.977654,37.977309,37.977187,37.977054,37.976924,37.976879,37.97652,37.976112,37.975989,37.975973,37.97584,37.975732,37.975439,37.975382,37.975319,37.97523,37.975171,37.975114,37.975053,37.974853,37.974825,37.974752,37.974657,37.974436,37.974239,37.974176,37.974075,37.97398,37.973924,37.973813,37.973377,37.972545,37.97229,37.972233,37.972129,37.972039,37.971943,37.971194,37.971041,37.970882,37.970717,37.969445,37.969095,37.968669,37.968479,37.968079,37.968168,37.968273,37.968292,37.96831,37.968314,37.968305,37.968282,37.968241,37.968226,37.968157,37.968067,37.967977,37.967935,37.967832,37.967721,37.967661,37.967552,37.967373,37.967244,37.967097,37.966925,37.966732,37.966528,37.966353,37.965911,37.964718,37.963941,37.9636,37.963466,37.962764,37.96253,37.962364,37.9621,37.962006,37.961782,37.96165,37.961619,37.96091,37.960762,37.960618,37.960541,37.960385,37.960232,37.960078,37.960012,37.959757,37.95952,37.959275,37.958305,37.95675,37.956457,37.956254,37.954901,37.954826,37.954403,37.953993,37.953836,37.953648,37.953414,37.953173,37.95193,37.95154,37.951402,37.949586,37.949082,37.948427,37.948058,37.947485,37.946991,37.945521,37.944017,37.943796,37.943433,37.943226,37.943075,37.942779,37.942573,37.942375,37.942182,37.941495,37.941348,37.941235,37.941155,37.940954,37.940746,37.940142,37.938576,37.937878,37.936814,37.936553,37.935735,37.934894,37.934186,37.933251,37.933194,37.93304,37.932869,37.932588,37.932315,37.931521,37.930894,37.930461,37.929593,37.929354,37.929128,37.928886,37.928618,37.928437,37.928077,37.926562,37.926358,37.925952,37.925683,37.925462,37.925247,37.924732,37.923785,37.923591,37.923478,37.92338,37.922696,37.922354,37.922017,37.921925,37.921763,37.921591,37.921411,37.920279,37.91953,37.919103,37.918976,37.91858,37.917728,37.917447,37.917314,37.917229,37.916701,37.915805,37.915727,37.915547,37.915231,37.914938,37.914676,37.914472,37.914224,37.913327,37.912763,37.912359,37.912147,37.911853,37.911599,37.91026,37.909369,37.909233,37.909003,37.908766,37.908526,37.908305,37.907891,37.90745,37.906445,37.905632,37.905288,37.904649,37.904207,37.903699,37.90362,37.903046,37.902628,37.902188,37.901755,37.901106,37.900692,37.900748,37.901024,37.901334,37.90164,37.902381,37.902472,37.902677,37.90312,37.903427,37.903545,37.904012,37.904184,37.904623,37.904735,37.904841,37.9049,37.905054,37.905528,37.906063,37.906753,37.907551,37.908123,37.908872,37.908928,37.908989,37.909038,37.909402,37.909471,37.909556,37.909638,37.909728,37.911111,37.911183,37.911297,37.911403,37.911545,37.911716,37.912407,37.912843,37.913503,37.913663,37.913813,37.913925,37.914288,37.914648,37.914744,37.914899,37.915023,37.915219,37.915368,37.915456,37.915533,37.915584,37.915637,37.915675,37.9157,37.9157,37.91571,37.915735,37.915764,37.915811,37.915905,37.915969,37.916026,37.916217,37.916301,37.916738,37.917117,37.917178,37.917272,37.91732,37.917414,37.917555,37.917713,37.918034,37.918148,37.918249,37.918343,37.918431,37.918506,37.918561,37.918615,37.918655,37.918675,37.918704,37.918723,37.918773,37.91881,37.918881,37.918965,37.919102,37.91951,37.91961,37.919694,37.91986,37.919926,37.919996,37.920142,37.9202,37.92027,37.920411,37.920475,37.920547,37.920904,37.921035,37.921075,37.921186,37.921245,37.921317,37.92134,37.921364,37.92138,37.921388,37.921382,37.921285,37.921257,37.921233,37.921212,37.921218,37.92124,37.921259,37.921298,37.921342,37.921406,37.921441,37.921553,37.921674,37.921704,37.921721,37.921725,37.921717,37.921701,37.92167,37.921411,37.921364,37.921329,37.921309,37.921296,37.921298,37.92132,37.921322,37.921236,37.92122,37.921102,37.921102,37.92112,37.92115,37.921271,37.921294,37.921312,37.921315,37.921306,37.92128,37.921234,37.921201,37.9211,37.921049,37.921036,37.921037,37.92105,37.921148,37.921326,37.921378,37.921429,37.921502,37.921595,37.921682,37.92185,37.92191,37.92196,37.921998,37.922066,37.922082,37.922127,37.922179,37.922213,37.922233,37.92225,37.922245,37.922226,37.922194,37.92216,37.92212,37.922074,37.921792,37.921742,37.9217,37.921669,37.921535,37.921495,37.921465,37.921418,37.921411,37.92139,37.921358,37.921098,37.921033,37.920968,37.920758,37.920683,37.920623,37.920578,37.920466,37.920466,37.920481,37.920484,37.920576,37.920606,37.920615,37.920604,37.920612,37.920619,37.920678,37.920705,37.920711,37.9207,37.920606,37.920588,37.920583,37.920593,37.920617,37.92077,37.920808,37.920866,37.920936,37.921017,37.921403,37.921452,37.921504,37.921545,37.921572,37.921627,37.921734,37.921747,37.92175,37.921741,37.92168,37.921679,37.921693,37.92179,37.921817,37.921831,37.921831,37.921825,37.921794,37.921754,37.921714,37.921655,37.921612,37.921543,37.921452,37.921058,37.921003,37.92094,37.920908,37.920887,37.920879,37.920888,37.920911,37.920945,37.921166,37.921223,37.921269,37.921296,37.921365,37.921368,37.921362,37.921341,37.921309,37.921266,37.921114,37.921045,37.920983,37.920918,37.920833,37.920594,37.920514,37.920436,37.920396,37.920367,37.92035,37.920347,37.920361,37.920389,37.920419,37.920436,37.920436,37.920418,37.920384,37.920338,37.920294,37.920182,37.920073,37.919961,37.919665,37.919605,37.919527,37.919415,37.919329,37.919229,37.919138,37.918903,37.918836,37.918648,37.918596,37.918583,37.918583,37.918598,37.918626,37.91868,37.91877,37.918852,37.918982,37.919107,37.919264,37.919421,37.919499,37.919571,37.919637,37.919693,37.919752,37.919797,37.919851,37.919899,37.919962,37.920268,37.920315,37.920356,37.920393,37.920411,37.920416,37.920404,37.920268,37.920243,37.920234,37.920244,37.920267,37.9203,37.920477,37.920507,37.920525,37.92053,37.920521,37.920498,37.920309,37.920241,37.920181,37.919978,37.919938,37.919851,37.919702,37.919668,37.919648,37.919642,37.919651,37.919681,37.919733,37.919787,37.919858,37.919902,37.919944,37.920345,37.920363,37.920408,37.920452,37.92049,37.920522,37.920536,37.92054,37.920528,37.920397,37.92032,37.920276,37.920267,37.91974,37.919618,37.919532,37.919452,37.919371,37.919294,37.91927,37.919216,37.919177,37.919133,37.918725,37.918318,37.918211,37.91813,37.917725,37.917705,37.916996,37.916932,37.91686,37.916799,37.916532,37.916464,37.916388,37.916283,37.91603,37.915894,37.915746,37.915542,37.915459,37.915363,37.915294,37.914556,37.914459,37.914372,37.914346,37.916686,37.91886,37.922906,37.923034,37.927129,37.92855,37.931869,37.941428,37.942722,37.944293,37.944812,37.947593,37.947929,37.950214,37.950932,37.951146,37.951337,37.956149,37.956425,37.95686,37.957812,37.958944,37.959933,37.962021,37.968073,37.971253,37.971579,37.976768,37.978167,37.97943,37.980553,37.982628,37.984247,37.985262,37.986532,37.989444,37.989897,37.990395,37.990712,37.99174,37.991942,37.992186,37.994013,37.994937,37.997237,38.002094,38.002484,38.004075,38.00695,38.008825,38.009675,38.011257,38.013367,38.013908,38.014023,38.014078,38.01425,38.014457,38.014625,38.015754,38.016159,38.017286,38.018151,38.018321,38.018953,38.019674,38.019913,38.020103,38.020696,38.021003,38.021576,38.022747,38.024774,38.025438,38.02851,38.029655,38.03067,38.030809,38.031478,38.032098,38.032211,38.03282,38.033028,38.033182,38.033916,38.03425,38.035204,38.035298,38.036512,38.037037,38.037074,38.037143,38.037361,38.037918,38.038191,38.038581,38.038633,38.038655,38.038664,38.039288,38.039449,38.040098,38.04737,38.048258]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.696703,-78.696132,-78.695807,-78.695294,-78.694946,-78.694783,-78.694494,-78.694076,-78.693814,-78.693559,-78.693337,-78.693053,-78.693014,-78.692766,-78.692575,-78.692329,-78.692213,-78.691982,-78.69174,-78.691621,-78.691499,-78.691433,-78.691346,-78.691241,-78.691118,-78.691036,-78.690442,-78.689535,-78.689343,-78.689092,-78.688882,-78.688458,-78.687809,-78.686808,-78.686583,-78.686414,-78.686217,-78.686019,-78.685828,-78.68573,-78.685688,-78.685225,-78.684943,-78.684894,-78.684813,-78.684627,-78.683992,-78.683691,-78.683593,-78.683268,-78.682696,-78.681842,-78.681686,-78.681515,-78.68133,-78.681213,-78.680823,-78.680426,-78.679675,-78.679578,-78.679473,-78.67931,-78.678569,-78.6782,-78.678069,-78.677953,-78.677834,-78.677671,-78.677594,-78.677002,-78.676852,-78.676774,-78.676638,-78.676497,-78.67635,-78.676176,-78.675468,-78.675114,-78.6746,-78.673968,-78.673775,-78.673599,-78.673501,-78.673406,-78.673371,-78.672793,-78.672353,-78.67183,-78.671324,-78.671162,-78.6705,-78.670068,-78.669104,-78.668717,-78.668562,-78.668392,-78.668318,-78.668207,-78.668048,-78.667245,-78.667043,-78.666861,-78.666694,-78.666485,-78.666385,-78.666254,-78.666039,-78.665917,-78.665043,-78.6642,-78.663938,-78.66366,-78.663499,-78.663247,-78.663071,-78.662509,-78.662463,-78.662354,-78.66197,-78.661873,-78.661752,-78.661633,-78.661517,-78.661185,-78.66083,-78.660768,-78.659658,-78.659491,-78.659245,-78.657939,-78.65713,-78.656892,-78.65664,-78.656342,-78.656258,-78.656051,-78.655823,-78.655563,-78.655428,-78.655161,-78.654841,-78.653032,-78.652952,-78.65266,-78.652213,-78.652038,-78.651547,-78.651265,-78.650899,-78.649898,-78.649706,-78.649231,-78.648149,-78.646475,-78.645843,-78.645573,-78.64523,-78.644875,-78.644535,-78.644217,-78.643915,-78.64345,-78.643134,-78.642946,-78.642569,-78.642161,-78.641993,-78.64158,-78.641078,-78.640574,-78.64044,-78.639998,-78.639585,-78.639142,-78.638754,-78.638269,-78.637979,-78.636611,-78.635193,-78.635303,-78.63536,-78.635489,-78.635597,-78.63595,-78.636015,-78.636097,-78.636197,-78.636739,-78.636824,-78.636919,-78.637049,-78.637133,-78.637554,-78.638952,-78.639677,-78.639818,-78.639881,-78.639948,-78.639998,-78.640019,-78.640058,-78.640094,-78.64013,-78.640178,-78.640201,-78.640423,-78.640468,-78.640488,-78.64049,-78.640477,-78.64045,-78.640406,-78.64004,-78.639923,-78.639801,-78.639789,-78.639697,-78.639438,-78.639241,-78.639218,-78.63917,-78.639141,-78.639125,-78.639108,-78.639077,-78.639039,-78.638989,-78.638724,-78.638674,-78.638274,-78.638114,-78.637905,-78.63769,-78.637405,-78.63728,-78.637141,-78.636989,-78.636574,-78.636532,-78.636418,-78.636324,-78.636259,-78.635757,-78.63566,-78.635552,-78.635293,-78.635253,-78.635119,-78.634703,-78.634378,-78.634274,-78.63423,-78.634188,-78.634118,-78.633991,-78.633956,-78.633865,-78.633769,-78.633379,-78.632599,-78.632444,-78.632339,-78.63203,-78.631964,-78.631721,-78.631582,-78.631471,-78.631067,-78.630748,-78.630355,-78.63016,-78.630045,-78.629916,-78.629714,-78.629703,-78.629619,-78.62949,-78.629377,-78.629287,-78.628996,-78.628873,-78.628726,-78.628525,-78.62841,-78.628356,-78.628319,-78.628286,-78.628274,-78.628228,-78.628197,-78.628147,-78.62808,-78.628051,-78.628009,-78.627922,-78.627868,-78.627304,-78.627203,-78.627117,-78.627079,-78.627014,-78.626997,-78.626965,-78.626952,-78.626933,-78.626956,-78.627,-78.627055,-78.627061,-78.627057,-78.627029,-78.627033,-78.627064,-78.627126,-78.627253,-78.627275,-78.627281,-78.627279,-78.627271,-78.627248,-78.627176,-78.62699,-78.626963,-78.626961,-78.626982,-78.627013,-78.627185,-78.627392,-78.627411,-78.627429,-78.627428,-78.627407,-78.62737,-78.62732,-78.627001,-78.626955,-78.626769,-78.626602,-78.626434,-78.62594,-78.625891,-78.625862,-78.62585,-78.625854,-78.625892,-78.625947,-78.62602,-78.62611,-78.626342,-78.626441,-78.626524,-78.626665,-78.626798,-78.626929,-78.627087,-78.627156,-78.62733,-78.627481,-78.627586,-78.627777,-78.62785,-78.627917,-78.628051,-78.628073,-78.628402,-78.628584,-78.628721,-78.628928,-78.629072,-78.629207,-78.629255,-78.629321,-78.629353,-78.629387,-78.629413,-78.629423,-78.629422,-78.629399,-78.629396,-78.629409,-78.629432,-78.629478,-78.629493,-78.62954,-78.629634,-78.629656,-78.629688,-78.629739,-78.629773,-78.629954,-78.630123,-78.630503,-78.630658,-78.631055,-78.631127,-78.631526,-78.631787,-78.632224,-78.632534,-78.63257,-78.632862,-78.632987,-78.633856,-78.633988,-78.63434,-78.634906,-78.635089,-78.635279,-78.635443,-78.635527,-78.635705,-78.636092,-78.636205,-78.636297,-78.636351,-78.636388,-78.636446,-78.636484,-78.636543,-78.636637,-78.636223,-78.634996,-78.63447,-78.633316,-78.63297,-78.632315,-78.632071,-78.631938,-78.63166,-78.631481,-78.63126,-78.631072,-78.630892,-78.630784,-78.630595,-78.630325,-78.63004,-78.62978,-78.628543,-78.627158,-78.626962,-78.62648,-78.626271,-78.626055,-78.625836,-78.625524,-78.625047,-78.624913,-78.624666,-78.624473,-78.624276,-78.623811,-78.623489,-78.622509,-78.621762,-78.619423,-78.617674,-78.616706,-78.616161,-78.615616,-78.614916,-78.614537,-78.613805,-78.612708,-78.612555,-78.612166,-78.611344,-78.610671,-78.609773,-78.608989,-78.608279,-78.607727,-78.607356,-78.606658,-78.605717,-78.604946,-78.6043,-78.603932,-78.60321,-78.602409,-78.602012,-78.60185,-78.601256,-78.601072,-78.600739,-78.600244,-78.600229,-78.59958,-78.599006,-78.59859,-78.598353,-78.598111,-78.597583,-78.597257,-78.597036,-78.596694,-78.596275,-78.593563,-78.592166,-78.59159,-78.590544,-78.5903,-78.589761,-78.588766,-78.585943,-78.584811,-78.582758,-78.581568,-78.58109,-78.580478,-78.579611,-78.578967,-78.578202,-78.577816,-78.577408,-78.576762,-78.576237,-78.575576,-78.575347,-78.574745,-78.574384,-78.573827,-78.573266,-78.572341,-78.571718,-78.571068,-78.570378,-78.569334,-78.568465,-78.56771,-78.564263,-78.562315,-78.562258,-78.560399,-78.558594,-78.55721,-78.556647,-78.555545,-78.553888,-78.552097,-78.549381,-78.547547,-78.546023,-78.545504,-78.544985,-78.544801,-78.54425,-78.543684,-78.543116,-78.542612,-78.542314,-78.541204,-78.541109,-78.54033,-78.539989,-78.539173,-78.538691,-78.537903,-78.537412,-78.537147,-78.536821,-78.536703,-78.535472,-78.534877,-78.53423,-78.53303,-78.531787,-78.531629,-78.531201,-78.530908,-78.530627,-78.530358,-78.530109,-78.529912,-78.529886,-78.529676,-78.529482,-78.529268,-78.529106,-78.528961,-78.528846,-78.528832,-78.528742,-78.52851,-78.528409,-78.52785,-78.527763,-78.527131,-78.526719,-78.52665,-78.524672,-78.52386,-78.523646,-78.523133,-78.523035,-78.523067,-78.523152,-78.52323,-78.523344,-78.523356,-78.523352,-78.523341,-78.523352,-78.523377,-78.52341,-78.523451,-78.523487,-78.523499,-78.523562,-78.523609,-78.523631,-78.523636,-78.523635,-78.523634,-78.52368,-78.523708,-78.523546,-78.523507,-78.523478,-78.52343,-78.523438,-78.523445,-78.523472,-78.523514,-78.523542,-78.523386,-78.523317,-78.523279,-78.5228,-78.522566,-78.52244,-78.522429,-78.522294,-78.522231,-78.522216,-78.522175,-78.522105,-78.52205,-78.521981,-78.521906,-78.521822,-78.521767,-78.521726,-78.521673,-78.521605,-78.521562,-78.521498,-78.521461,-78.521385,-78.521351,-78.521297,-78.521236,-78.521188,-78.521135,-78.521077,-78.521012,-78.520923,-78.520852,-78.520794,-78.520764,-78.520736,-78.520718,-78.520725,-78.520717,-78.520703,-78.52068,-78.520647,-78.520613,-78.520556,-78.520528,-78.520459,-78.520397,-78.520375,-78.520437,-78.520481,-78.520521,-78.520636,-78.52079,-78.521219,-78.521327,-78.521415,-78.521546,-78.521669,-78.521885,-78.5219,-78.522372,-78.522631,-78.522862,-78.523089,-78.52321,-78.523336,-78.523443,-78.523583,-78.523682,-78.523897,-78.524207,-78.524277,-78.524353,-78.524416,-78.524491,-78.52471,-78.525064,-78.525376,-78.52557,-78.52579,-78.525944,-78.526088,-78.526149,-78.526336,-78.526384,-78.526402,-78.526442,-78.526511,-78.526612,-78.526647,-78.526655,-78.526682,-78.526742,-78.527049,-78.527103,-78.527136,-78.527229,-78.527269,-78.527348,-78.527538,-78.527752,-78.527802,-78.527844,-78.527867,-78.527902,-78.527912,-78.527908,-78.527886,-78.527847,-78.527645,-78.527455,-78.527198,-78.526941,-78.526791,-78.526648,-78.526339,-78.526219,-78.526134,-78.526096,-78.526053,-78.526026,-78.525981,-78.525938,-78.525866,-78.525763,-78.525951,-78.526194,-78.52638,-78.526454,-78.526644,-78.527,-78.527196,-78.527298,-78.527475,-78.527689,-78.528063,-78.528724,-78.528915,-78.529116,-78.529161,-78.529188,-78.529204,-78.529204,-78.529199,-78.529175,-78.529036,-78.528958,-78.528926,-78.528855,-78.528709,-78.528546,-78.528516,-78.528503,-78.528508,-78.528531,-78.528584,-78.528638,-78.528658,-78.528869,-78.529093,-78.529246,-78.52938,-78.529516,-78.529665,-78.529891,-78.530094,-78.53035,-78.530506,-78.530678,-78.530806,-78.530921,-78.531199,-78.531889,-78.532033,-78.532226,-78.532488,-78.533044,-78.533527,-78.534207,-78.534727,-78.534917,-78.535095,-78.535194,-78.535285,-78.535434,-78.535539,-78.535662,-78.535894,-78.536167,-78.536403,-78.536538,-78.536828,-78.537045,-78.537174,-78.537269,-78.537509,-78.537569,-78.538003,-78.538375,-78.538392,-78.538478,-78.538555,-78.53879,-78.539032,-78.53916,-78.539331,-78.539804,-78.540171,-78.540238,-78.540444,-78.54057,-78.540796,-78.541288,-78.541569,-78.541816,-78.541994,-78.542174,-78.542249,-78.542461,-78.542642,-78.543311,-78.543353,-78.543853,-78.544021,-78.544125,-78.54426,-78.544312,-78.544421,-78.544858,-78.544939,-78.545002,-78.545052,-78.545086,-78.545105,-78.545181,-78.545257,-78.545331,-78.545808,-78.546096,-78.546196,-78.546289,-78.54642,-78.546516,-78.546613,-78.546665,-78.546724,-78.546773,-78.546826,-78.54689,-78.546955,-78.547031,-78.547117,-78.547191,-78.547286,-78.547637,-78.54776,-78.547899,-78.547995,-78.548041,-78.548111,-78.548195,-78.548433,-78.548749,-78.549026,-78.549277,-78.549381,-78.549595,-78.549815,-78.550054,-78.550933,-78.551363,-78.551799,-78.552065,-78.552551,-78.552939,-78.553351,-78.553894,-78.554645,-78.554818,-78.555107,-78.555398,-78.555692,-78.555813,-78.556082,-78.556539,-78.556754,-78.557037,-78.557206,-78.557336,-78.557491,-78.558001,-78.558109,-78.558346,-78.558528,-78.558671,-78.558854,-78.559004,-78.559184,-78.559365,-78.559546,-78.559748,-78.560603,-78.560844,-78.560987,-78.561578,-78.561766,-78.561956,-78.562182,-78.562216,-78.562321,-78.562419,-78.562513,-78.562757,-78.562968,-78.563326,-78.563537,-78.563709,-78.563867,-78.564164,-78.564321,-78.564439,-78.564591,-78.564703,-78.564744,-78.565015,-78.565655,-78.565734,-78.565871,-78.565994,-78.566436,-78.566824,-78.567164,-78.567633,-78.56777,-78.567921,-78.568366,-78.569618,-78.56989,-78.570402,-78.570574,-78.570748,-78.570908,-78.57117,-78.571935,-78.572805,-78.572913,-78.573262,-78.573425,-78.573794,-78.57452,-78.575039,-78.575424,-78.575669,-78.575988,-78.576078,-78.576254,-78.576348,-78.576765,-78.576847,-78.577304,-78.577379,-78.577443,-78.577507,-78.577617,-78.577645,-78.577705,-78.578068,-78.578414,-78.578773,-78.578977,-78.579134,-78.579232,-78.579315,-78.579412,-78.579471,-78.580662,-78.580758,-78.58096,-78.581196,-78.581284,-78.582033,-78.582081,-78.582163,-78.582211,-78.582243,-78.582306,-78.582349,-78.582519,-78.582971,-78.583026,-78.583043,-78.583044,-78.583036,-78.583045,-78.583072,-78.583106,-78.583174,-78.583249,-78.583345,-78.583438,-78.583819,-78.583968,-78.584424,-78.584664,-78.584872,-78.58578,-78.586828,-78.586935,-78.587053,-78.587255,-78.587394,-78.587546,-78.588055,-78.588234,-78.588336,-78.588746,-78.588803,-78.588883,-78.589007,-78.589154,-78.589239,-78.589402,-78.589536,-78.590373,-78.590475,-78.590762,-78.590914,-78.591095,-78.591184,-78.591239,-78.591344,-78.591417,-78.591479,-78.591522,-78.591547,-78.591573,-78.591588,-78.59162,-78.591679,-78.591756,-78.591844,-78.591902,-78.592002,-78.592086,-78.592201,-78.592289,-78.592485,-78.592581,-78.592674,-78.592748,-78.592994,-78.592651,-78.592509,-78.592326,-78.592053,-78.591733,-78.591248,-78.590967,-78.590578,-78.590337,-78.590044,-78.589882,-78.589688,-78.589506,-78.589402,-78.588936,-78.588681,-78.58846,-78.58768,-78.587243,-78.587028,-78.586894,-78.586419,-78.586171,-78.585234,-78.585156,-78.585065,-78.585001,-78.584932,-78.584869,-78.584836,-78.584821,-78.584825,-78.584837,-78.584871,-78.584915,-78.584939,-78.584954,-78.584948,-78.584922,-78.584913,-78.584876,-78.584813,-78.584767,-78.584615,-78.58458,-78.584552,-78.584507,-78.584488,-78.584487,-78.584502,-78.584535,-78.584596,-78.584664,-78.584745,-78.585645,-78.585731,-78.585802,-78.585943,-78.585981,-78.586055,-78.586113,-78.586176,-78.58626,-78.586591,-78.586705,-78.586792,-78.586894,-78.587001,-78.587062,-78.587103,-78.587165,-78.587198,-78.587212,-78.58721,-78.587185,-78.587155,-78.587104,-78.58701,-78.586931,-78.586482,-78.586324,-78.585503,-78.585333,-78.585221,-78.585425,-78.585896,-78.586045,-78.586311,-78.586574,-78.586639,-78.586751,-78.586909,-78.587121,-78.587333,-78.587936,-78.588023,-78.58816,-78.588419,-78.588868,-78.58923,-78.589358,-78.589493,-78.589631,-78.589776,-78.589927,-78.590446,-78.590699,-78.591219,-78.591361,-78.591776,-78.59208,-78.592385,-78.593242,-78.594088,-78.594212,-78.594581,-78.595078,-78.595225,-78.595401,-78.595567,-78.595721,-78.5963,-78.596579,-78.597309,-78.597504,-78.597797,-78.598557,-78.598743,-78.598892,-78.599056,-78.599095,-78.599259,-78.599528,-78.599752,-78.599963,-78.600536,-78.601135,-78.601365,-78.601618,-78.601905,-78.601993,-78.602106,-78.60237,-78.602898,-78.603706,-78.605066,-78.605158,-78.605635,-78.60595,-78.606118,-78.6064,-78.606676,-78.606785,-78.606963,-78.607245,-78.607306,-78.607384,-78.60767,-78.608528,-78.608945,-78.610076,-78.610157,-78.610409,-78.610837,-78.611271,-78.61176,-78.611793,-78.61206,-78.613536,-78.613664,-78.613864,-78.614155,-78.614409,-78.615045,-78.61518,-78.615304,-78.615414,-78.615726,-78.61601,-78.616699,-78.616833,-78.617205,-78.617343,-78.617492,-78.617585,-78.61762,-78.617695,-78.617794,-78.61792,-78.618033,-78.618172,-78.618306,-78.618796,-78.618972,-78.619323,-78.620096,-78.620262,-78.620391,-78.620508,-78.620701,-78.620892,-78.621175,-78.621387,-78.621598,-78.621807,-78.622276,-78.622613,-78.622746,-78.622962,-78.62313,-78.62375,-78.623986,-78.624066,-78.624256,-78.624432,-78.624992,-78.625092,-78.625175,-78.625218,-78.625232,-78.625255,-78.625269,-78.625253,-78.625274,-78.625314,-78.625373,-78.625457,-78.625558,-78.626138,-78.626296,-78.626748,-78.627043,-78.627243,-78.627784,-78.62836,-78.62849,-78.628642,-78.628753,-78.628858,-78.628956,-78.62906,-78.629634,-78.629699,-78.629871,-78.630018,-78.630426,-78.630611,-78.630883,-78.630957,-78.631041,-78.63113,-78.631258,-78.631289,-78.631377,-78.631494,-78.631588,-78.631706,-78.631813,-78.631898,-78.632274,-78.632414,-78.632543,-78.633073,-78.633889,-78.634601,-78.634692,-78.634772,-78.634838,-78.63486,-78.634884,-78.634891,-78.634875,-78.63495,-78.635044,-78.635077,-78.635227,-78.635303,-78.635403,-78.635483,-78.635583,-78.635701,-78.635836,-78.635974,-78.636113,-78.636466,-78.637013,-78.638906,-78.639,-78.639112,-78.639215,-78.639307,-78.639387,-78.63957,-78.639718,-78.640036,-78.640971,-78.641098,-78.641159,-78.641288,-78.641424,-78.641565,-78.641708,-78.641823,-78.641964,-78.642072,-78.642765,-78.642822,-78.642892,-78.642987,-78.643116,-78.643192,-78.643576,-78.644175,-78.644261,-78.644338,-78.644933,-78.645198,-78.645261,-78.645431,-78.645497,-78.645642,-78.645844,-78.646104,-78.646255,-78.646504,-78.646707,-78.647671,-78.647965,-78.648041,-78.648228,-78.648408,-78.648578,-78.649461,-78.649528,-78.649598,-78.649652,-78.64979,-78.649842,-78.64991,-78.649993,-78.650111,-78.650221,-78.65088,-78.651074,-78.651163,-78.651302,-78.651401,-78.65169,-78.651835,-78.651948,-78.652101,-78.652231,-78.653224,-78.653583,-78.654267,-78.654488,-78.654592,-78.654842,-78.655021,-78.655206,-78.656066,-78.656278,-78.657079,-78.657447,-78.657508,-78.657654,-78.657762,-78.657887,-78.658215,-78.658274,-78.65836,-78.658431,-78.658475,-78.65871,-78.658729,-78.658779,-78.658845,-78.658927,-78.659255,-78.659377,-78.659519,-78.659622,-78.659898,-78.660005,-78.660492,-78.660534,-78.660619,-78.66072,-78.660863,-78.660903,-78.66094,-78.661048,-78.661151,-78.662486,-78.662715,-78.663036,-78.663279,-78.663522,-78.663621,-78.663727,-78.663848,-78.664396,-78.664543,-78.664689,-78.665095,-78.665341,-78.66554,-78.665969,-78.666176,-78.66653,-78.666758,-78.666976,-78.667226,-78.668282,-78.669184,-78.669329,-78.669502,-78.669682,-78.669846,-78.669988,-78.670095,-78.670463,-78.671023,-78.67116,-78.671341,-78.671438,-78.671542,-78.671629,-78.671718,-78.67177,-78.671915,-78.672056,-78.672791,-78.672831,-78.672914,-78.673115,-78.673307,-78.67379,-78.673854,-78.673947,-78.673983,-78.674146,-78.674224,-78.674284,-78.674491,-78.67539,-78.675537,-78.675936,-78.676101,-78.676261,-78.676515,-78.676697,-78.677151,-78.67784,-78.678889,-78.679355,-78.680773,-78.681085,-78.681201,-78.681247,-78.681369,-78.681645,-78.681927,-78.682286,-78.682696,-78.683171,-78.683297,-78.683404,-78.683551,-78.684085,-78.684209,-78.684828,-78.685012,-78.685065,-78.685191,-78.685289,-78.685522,-78.686188,-78.686353,-78.686492,-78.686616,-78.686756,-78.687545,-78.688643,-78.68922,-78.689359,-78.689462,-78.689572,-78.689668,-78.68975,-78.690261,-78.690301,-78.690423,-78.690588,-78.690731,-78.690949,-78.691101,-78.691286,-78.691395,-78.691513,-78.691639,-78.691751,-78.691824,-78.691959,-78.692042,-78.692143,-78.692237,-78.692321,-78.692391,-78.69243,-78.692474,-78.692499,-78.692505,-78.69248,-78.692467,-78.692497,-78.692542,-78.69262,-78.692756,-78.692826,-78.692848,-78.692889,-78.69295,-78.693017,-78.693087,-78.69316,-78.693225,-78.693717,-78.693793,-78.693879,-78.693971,-78.694061,-78.694148,-78.694216,-78.694293,-78.694959,-78.69605,-78.696394,-78.696452,-78.696703],"lat":[37.898171,37.898917,37.899346,37.900011,37.900475,37.900692,37.901106,37.901755,37.902188,37.902628,37.903046,37.90362,37.903699,37.904207,37.904649,37.905288,37.905632,37.906445,37.90745,37.907891,37.908305,37.908526,37.908766,37.909003,37.909233,37.909369,37.91026,37.911599,37.911853,37.912147,37.912359,37.912763,37.913327,37.914224,37.914472,37.914676,37.914938,37.915231,37.915547,37.915727,37.915805,37.916701,37.917229,37.917314,37.917447,37.917728,37.91858,37.918976,37.919103,37.91953,37.920279,37.921411,37.921591,37.921763,37.921925,37.922017,37.922354,37.922696,37.92338,37.923478,37.923591,37.923785,37.924732,37.925247,37.925462,37.925683,37.925952,37.926358,37.926562,37.928077,37.928437,37.928618,37.928886,37.929128,37.929354,37.929593,37.930461,37.930894,37.931521,37.932315,37.932588,37.932869,37.93304,37.933194,37.933251,37.934186,37.934894,37.935735,37.936553,37.936814,37.937878,37.938576,37.940142,37.940746,37.940954,37.941155,37.941235,37.941348,37.941495,37.942182,37.942375,37.942573,37.942779,37.943075,37.943226,37.943433,37.943796,37.944017,37.945521,37.946991,37.947485,37.948058,37.948427,37.949082,37.949586,37.951402,37.95154,37.95193,37.953173,37.953414,37.953648,37.953836,37.953993,37.954403,37.954826,37.954901,37.956254,37.956457,37.95675,37.958305,37.959275,37.95952,37.959757,37.960012,37.960078,37.960232,37.960385,37.960541,37.960618,37.960762,37.96091,37.961619,37.96165,37.961782,37.962006,37.9621,37.962364,37.96253,37.962764,37.963466,37.9636,37.963941,37.964718,37.965911,37.966353,37.966528,37.966732,37.966925,37.967097,37.967244,37.967373,37.967552,37.967661,37.967721,37.967832,37.967935,37.967977,37.968067,37.968157,37.968226,37.968241,37.968282,37.968305,37.968314,37.96831,37.968292,37.968273,37.968168,37.968079,37.968479,37.968669,37.969095,37.969445,37.970717,37.970882,37.971041,37.971194,37.971943,37.972039,37.972129,37.972233,37.97229,37.972545,37.973377,37.973813,37.973924,37.97398,37.974075,37.974176,37.974239,37.974436,37.974657,37.974752,37.974825,37.974853,37.975053,37.975114,37.975171,37.97523,37.975319,37.975382,37.975439,37.975732,37.97584,37.975973,37.975989,37.976112,37.97652,37.976879,37.976924,37.977054,37.977187,37.977309,37.977654,37.977775,37.977868,37.977958,37.978356,37.978432,37.979186,37.979443,37.979742,37.98005,37.980414,37.980548,37.980674,37.98079,37.981071,37.981106,37.981214,37.981326,37.981421,37.982251,37.982433,37.982675,37.983378,37.983478,37.983787,37.984678,37.985369,37.98557,37.985669,37.985776,37.985985,37.986393,37.986537,37.986781,37.986978,37.987581,37.988828,37.989086,37.989299,37.990047,37.990197,37.990744,37.991012,37.99121,37.991969,37.992624,37.993425,37.993847,37.994076,37.994367,37.994917,37.994946,37.995179,37.99554,37.995882,37.996098,37.996675,37.99687,37.997054,37.997278,37.997408,37.99749,37.997577,37.997719,37.997798,37.998528,37.998658,37.998784,37.998916,37.998961,37.999017,37.999109,37.999156,37.999649,37.999757,37.999872,37.999934,38.000064,38.000112,38.000238,38.000365,38.001055,38.001908,38.002715,38.003531,38.003731,38.00388,38.004297,38.004501,38.004744,38.004965,38.005421,38.005558,38.005686,38.005714,38.005825,38.005975,38.006319,38.007276,38.007545,38.007691,38.007958,38.008107,38.008629,38.009224,38.009305,38.009448,38.009592,38.00975,38.009885,38.009995,38.010863,38.010974,38.011352,38.011712,38.012075,38.013036,38.013173,38.01331,38.013517,38.014511,38.014859,38.01501,38.015155,38.015295,38.015595,38.01573,38.015849,38.016055,38.016286,38.016478,38.016688,38.016765,38.016925,38.017052,38.017131,38.01729,38.017371,38.017477,38.017775,38.017838,38.018479,38.018787,38.018986,38.019279,38.019427,38.01954,38.019592,38.019684,38.019743,38.019824,38.019928,38.020047,38.020239,38.020465,38.020558,38.020673,38.020763,38.020934,38.020997,38.021135,38.021374,38.02142,38.021482,38.021568,38.02162,38.021881,38.022106,38.022611,38.022807,38.023347,38.023452,38.024019,38.024461,38.025156,38.025635,38.025685,38.026175,38.026372,38.027772,38.027993,38.02853,38.02945,38.029737,38.029988,38.030167,38.030283,38.030585,38.031167,38.031377,38.031566,38.031716,38.03187,38.032148,38.032331,38.032686,38.033191,38.033241,38.03339,38.033459,38.033644,38.033685,38.033774,38.03381,38.033826,38.033869,38.033915,38.033991,38.03407,38.034162,38.034224,38.034306,38.034398,38.034475,38.034518,38.034659,38.034841,38.03487,38.034925,38.034936,38.034931,38.03491,38.034864,38.034766,38.034754,38.034753,38.034763,38.034782,38.03484,38.03487,38.034982,38.035052,38.035345,38.035564,38.035682,38.035737,38.035786,38.035833,38.035852,38.03588,38.035888,38.035886,38.03588,38.035849,38.035811,38.035742,38.035656,38.035563,38.035482,38.035421,38.035298,38.035104,38.034924,38.034759,38.034658,38.034447,38.034191,38.034057,38.034001,38.033777,38.033705,38.033574,38.033372,38.033365,38.033081,38.032815,38.032616,38.032502,38.03238,38.032124,38.031963,38.031855,38.031699,38.031495,38.030175,38.029498,38.029213,38.028705,38.028582,38.02832,38.027837,38.026454,38.025906,38.024903,38.024341,38.024129,38.023877,38.023542,38.023316,38.023068,38.02295,38.022832,38.022659,38.022526,38.022374,38.022328,38.022207,38.022138,38.02204,38.021955,38.021842,38.021777,38.021724,38.021682,38.02164,38.021634,38.021646,38.021785,38.021874,38.021879,38.021949,38.022027,38.022081,38.02211,38.022154,38.022229,38.022299,38.022416,38.022495,38.02255,38.022555,38.022546,38.022538,38.022509,38.022473,38.022422,38.022361,38.022325,38.022138,38.022119,38.021952,38.021872,38.021647,38.021504,38.021238,38.021054,38.02095,38.02082,38.020886,38.02157,38.021901,38.022261,38.022928,38.02362,38.023708,38.023966,38.024168,38.02438,38.024602,38.024827,38.025027,38.025053,38.025287,38.025528,38.025827,38.026076,38.026326,38.026554,38.026582,38.026785,38.026794,38.026796,38.026784,38.026779,38.026732,38.026693,38.026687,38.026499,38.026429,38.026408,38.02634,38.026329,38.025984,38.025718,38.025229,38.024368,38.024149,38.023973,38.023817,38.023536,38.023382,38.023261,38.023147,38.023082,38.023061,38.022981,38.022939,38.022778,38.022739,38.0225,38.022401,38.022327,38.022283,38.021474,38.021427,38.021393,38.020994,38.020847,38.020709,38.020707,38.020314,38.02004,38.019734,38.0196,38.019526,38.018578,38.018129,38.018161,38.018164,38.018222,38.018404,38.018429,38.01846,38.018496,38.018518,38.018543,38.018568,38.018591,38.018594,38.018583,38.018574,38.018592,38.018617,38.018674,38.018721,38.018827,38.018868,38.018903,38.018937,38.018952,38.018957,38.018958,38.018951,38.018937,38.018925,38.018909,38.018891,38.018861,38.018811,38.018749,38.018685,38.01863,38.018571,38.018534,38.018511,38.018484,38.018469,38.018425,38.01838,38.018355,38.018349,38.018351,38.018356,38.018385,38.01842,38.018497,38.018505,38.0185,38.018474,38.018437,38.018328,38.018318,38.017959,38.017742,38.017527,38.017302,38.017173,38.017058,38.01698,38.016892,38.016838,38.016712,38.016569,38.016529,38.016469,38.0164,38.016293,38.015988,38.01557,38.015187,38.01496,38.014684,38.014466,38.014224,38.014104,38.013538,38.013353,38.013238,38.012951,38.012355,38.011495,38.011003,38.010802,38.010547,38.010224,38.008728,38.008508,38.008349,38.007922,38.007747,38.00749,38.006974,38.006271,38.006231,38.00618,38.006135,38.006009,38.00591,38.005794,38.005681,38.005571,38.005226,38.004923,38.004558,38.004215,38.004006,38.003786,38.003235,38.002995,38.002799,38.002688,38.002522,38.002438,38.002358,38.002312,38.002234,38.002126,38.002001,38.00182,38.001665,38.001605,38.001428,38.001051,38.000804,38.000677,38.000417,38.000108,37.999582,37.998619,37.998352,37.997997,37.997882,37.997764,37.997633,37.997602,37.997529,37.997427,37.997078,37.996926,37.996863,37.996739,37.996504,37.996219,37.996115,37.996009,37.995902,37.995796,37.995649,37.995538,37.995504,37.995162,37.994852,37.994686,37.994561,37.994468,37.994387,37.99428,37.994185,37.994054,37.993957,37.993826,37.993708,37.993603,37.993329,37.992603,37.992471,37.992316,37.992137,37.991809,37.991545,37.991149,37.990835,37.990699,37.990552,37.990457,37.990359,37.990179,37.990032,37.989846,37.98948,37.989005,37.988578,37.988354,37.987903,37.987585,37.987397,37.98727,37.986946,37.986871,37.986325,37.985873,37.985852,37.98576,37.985679,37.98543,37.985184,37.985044,37.984857,37.984318,37.98393,37.983868,37.983678,37.983582,37.983422,37.983105,37.982907,37.982711,37.982584,37.982479,37.982441,37.982348,37.982278,37.982036,37.982024,37.981884,37.981818,37.981763,37.981673,37.981632,37.981509,37.980943,37.980813,37.980677,37.980527,37.980365,37.980157,37.980121,37.980103,37.980098,37.98013,37.980158,37.980182,37.980219,37.980293,37.980367,37.980462,37.980526,37.980629,37.980763,37.980861,37.980948,37.981005,37.981051,37.981086,37.981105,37.981116,37.981109,37.981115,37.981133,37.981138,37.981135,37.981122,37.981094,37.98095,37.980733,37.980566,37.980432,37.98039,37.980314,37.980252,37.980201,37.980044,37.979963,37.979881,37.979835,37.979757,37.979708,37.97967,37.979653,37.979638,37.979639,37.979628,37.979602,37.979567,37.979552,37.979517,37.979454,37.979417,37.979359,37.979309,37.97926,37.979186,37.978878,37.978816,37.978697,37.978619,37.978571,37.978521,37.978491,37.978464,37.97845,37.978451,37.978457,37.978476,37.978496,37.978515,37.978619,37.978634,37.978636,37.978618,37.978612,37.978595,37.978569,37.978534,37.978427,37.978335,37.978187,37.978083,37.97799,37.977919,37.977816,37.977746,37.977682,37.977571,37.977467,37.977423,37.977096,37.976443,37.976362,37.976205,37.976059,37.975497,37.975022,37.974621,37.974064,37.97393,37.973805,37.9735,37.972671,37.972488,37.972148,37.972018,37.971864,37.971698,37.971441,37.970694,37.969882,37.969766,37.969352,37.969122,37.968603,37.967579,37.966926,37.966428,37.966111,37.965746,37.965632,37.965401,37.965278,37.964764,37.964662,37.964147,37.964052,37.963951,37.96382,37.963456,37.963404,37.963323,37.962968,37.962686,37.962393,37.962247,37.962111,37.961993,37.961867,37.961673,37.961591,37.960562,37.96047,37.960262,37.959954,37.959848,37.959135,37.959081,37.958975,37.958887,37.958793,37.958389,37.958238,37.957815,37.956478,37.956253,37.956132,37.956122,37.955628,37.955533,37.955441,37.95537,37.955271,37.955177,37.955096,37.955039,37.954863,37.954802,37.954618,37.954538,37.954487,37.954326,37.954127,37.954095,37.954039,37.953877,37.953757,37.953649,37.953348,37.953231,37.953154,37.952832,37.952794,37.952748,37.952691,37.952643,37.95262,37.95259,37.952576,37.952566,37.952571,37.95261,37.95262,37.952613,37.952597,37.952575,37.952509,37.952441,37.95236,37.95227,37.952175,37.951851,37.951784,37.951722,37.951652,37.951592,37.951544,37.951528,37.951515,37.951515,37.95153,37.951552,37.951632,37.951655,37.951655,37.951638,37.951534,37.9513,37.951219,37.951136,37.951042,37.950952,37.950822,37.950738,37.950604,37.950511,37.950383,37.950292,37.950169,37.950036,37.949951,37.949589,37.949415,37.949276,37.94882,37.948573,37.948468,37.948411,37.94823,37.948149,37.947881,37.94785,37.947801,37.947754,37.947686,37.947595,37.947514,37.94743,37.947345,37.947295,37.947208,37.947096,37.947008,37.946875,37.946763,37.946652,37.94663,37.946546,37.946444,37.946387,37.946208,37.946155,37.946112,37.946015,37.945933,37.945849,37.945767,37.945687,37.945588,37.945511,37.945443,37.94482,37.944741,37.944653,37.944401,37.944355,37.944298,37.944268,37.944245,37.944229,37.944199,37.944169,37.944136,37.944084,37.944007,37.943948,37.9439,37.943809,37.943732,37.943652,37.94359,37.943517,37.943472,37.943422,37.943366,37.943336,37.943243,37.9432,37.942953,37.942885,37.942831,37.942587,37.942049,37.941852,37.941445,37.941054,37.940961,37.940814,37.940624,37.940394,37.940205,37.939672,37.939599,37.939486,37.939285,37.938966,37.938688,37.938605,37.93853,37.938474,37.938432,37.938404,37.938351,37.938312,37.938194,37.938152,37.937997,37.937906,37.937831,37.937655,37.93754,37.937519,37.937446,37.937286,37.93723,37.937149,37.937056,37.936952,37.936488,37.936255,37.93558,37.935406,37.93514,37.934346,37.93415,37.934015,37.93389,37.933863,37.933751,37.933571,37.933403,37.933225,37.932685,37.932106,37.931864,37.931607,37.931346,37.931273,37.93118,37.930981,37.930562,37.929922,37.928892,37.928815,37.92841,37.928148,37.928026,37.927834,37.927674,37.927615,37.927525,37.927399,37.927372,37.927338,37.927212,37.926865,37.926696,37.92626,37.926229,37.926136,37.925992,37.925863,37.925742,37.925733,37.925667,37.925341,37.925308,37.925248,37.925143,37.925039,37.924747,37.924671,37.924584,37.924487,37.924128,37.923788,37.922932,37.922789,37.922446,37.922332,37.92223,37.922177,37.922156,37.922121,37.92209,37.92207,37.922076,37.922097,37.922132,37.922322,37.922399,37.922556,37.922891,37.922959,37.923,37.923031,37.923068,37.923095,37.92312,37.923127,37.92312,37.923097,37.92301,37.922954,37.922926,37.922868,37.922811,37.922554,37.922439,37.922392,37.922267,37.92213,37.921609,37.921487,37.921357,37.921253,37.921211,37.921111,37.920985,37.920355,37.920214,37.920076,37.919938,37.919795,37.919658,37.919046,37.918862,37.918247,37.917834,37.917519,37.917587,37.917653,37.917663,37.917662,37.917646,37.917617,37.917574,37.917507,37.917027,37.916968,37.916829,37.916724,37.916485,37.916365,37.916155,37.916113,37.916083,37.916067,37.916063,37.916065,37.916072,37.916097,37.916129,37.916184,37.916251,37.916319,37.91667,37.916769,37.91684,37.917054,37.91736,37.917581,37.91762,37.917671,37.917733,37.917771,37.91784,37.91791,37.918086,37.918086,37.918101,37.918107,37.918158,37.918179,37.918194,37.918195,37.918184,37.918153,37.918127,37.918116,37.91812,37.91817,37.918268,37.918514,37.918536,37.918575,37.918627,37.91869,37.918764,37.918971,37.919107,37.919343,37.919986,37.920061,37.920089,37.920138,37.920174,37.920195,37.920203,37.920198,37.920181,37.920158,37.919948,37.919923,37.919893,37.919841,37.919749,37.919681,37.919229,37.918475,37.918398,37.918343,37.918012,37.917846,37.917798,37.917684,37.917644,37.917566,37.917474,37.917372,37.917326,37.917266,37.917229,37.917105,37.917052,37.917032,37.916973,37.9169,37.916815,37.916275,37.916226,37.916156,37.916078,37.915753,37.915653,37.915559,37.915473,37.915382,37.915321,37.914986,37.914869,37.914801,37.914679,37.914575,37.914215,37.914051,37.913953,37.913839,37.913756,37.913259,37.913062,37.91267,37.912556,37.91251,37.912415,37.91236,37.912318,37.912201,37.912156,37.911917,37.9118,37.911773,37.911695,37.911625,37.911527,37.911212,37.91116,37.911065,37.910963,37.910876,37.910224,37.910171,37.910084,37.910004,37.909934,37.909729,37.909644,37.909529,37.909429,37.909127,37.908992,37.908286,37.90823,37.908143,37.908061,37.90797,37.90795,37.907932,37.907886,37.907852,37.907488,37.907416,37.907292,37.907185,37.90706,37.907021,37.906995,37.906983,37.907016,37.907015,37.907005,37.906949,37.906933,37.906938,37.906989,37.90701,37.907032,37.907036,37.907036,37.907037,37.907026,37.907061,37.907079,37.907115,37.907163,37.907217,37.907285,37.907355,37.907665,37.908083,37.908176,37.908282,37.908325,37.908356,37.90837,37.908376,37.908373,37.90835,37.908312,37.908031,37.908016,37.907981,37.907887,37.90778,37.907427,37.907376,37.907286,37.907243,37.907007,37.906906,37.906845,37.906672,37.906044,37.905952,37.905717,37.905605,37.905475,37.905232,37.905081,37.904751,37.904189,37.903309,37.902927,37.901762,37.901514,37.901432,37.901406,37.901347,37.901246,37.901125,37.900945,37.900723,37.90048,37.900432,37.900404,37.900384,37.900372,37.900359,37.900234,37.900182,37.900158,37.900089,37.900019,37.89982,37.899183,37.899024,37.898905,37.898822,37.898749,37.898425,37.898001,37.897793,37.897725,37.897662,37.897573,37.897474,37.897367,37.896392,37.896309,37.896101,37.895837,37.895638,37.895417,37.895291,37.895162,37.8951,37.895049,37.895012,37.89499,37.894982,37.894977,37.894988,37.895013,37.895051,37.895102,37.89516,37.895204,37.895282,37.895365,37.895451,37.895936,37.896373,37.896485,37.896582,37.896686,37.896868,37.896949,37.896971,37.897001,37.89703,37.897045,37.897047,37.897032,37.897004,37.896637,37.896592,37.896559,37.896539,37.896537,37.896549,37.896568,37.896603,37.897057,37.897795,37.898015,37.898044,37.898171]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.593326,-78.593077,-78.592433,-78.592091,-78.590385,-78.589791,-78.589469,-78.589283,-78.588377,-78.587832,-78.587351,-78.587064,-78.586638,-78.585787,-78.584323,-78.583769,-78.583409,-78.583258,-78.583323,-78.58316,-78.582887,-78.58237,-78.581684,-78.580746,-78.58008,-78.580013,-78.580065,-78.580139,-78.580231,-78.58039,-78.580422,-78.580321,-78.579991,-78.579657,-78.579549,-78.578228,-78.577589,-78.576845,-78.575651,-78.574792,-78.57402,-78.573794,-78.573361,-78.572772,-78.571794,-78.571214,-78.570377,-78.568716,-78.568445,-78.567322,-78.5664,-78.566244,-78.565861,-78.565103,-78.563582,-78.562659,-78.561991,-78.561517,-78.561263,-78.561279,-78.561595,-78.562207,-78.563181,-78.563912,-78.564751,-78.564935,-78.564876,-78.564493,-78.564096,-78.56387,-78.563202,-78.561637,-78.561196,-78.560712,-78.560044,-78.559494,-78.558799,-78.558643,-78.558688,-78.558527,-78.557872,-78.557407,-78.557103,-78.556707,-78.555873,-78.555571,-78.555496,-78.555709,-78.555873,-78.557532,-78.557679,-78.557612,-78.557285,-78.556686,-78.556055,-78.556024,-78.555848,-78.555441,-78.55482,-78.55401,-78.552861,-78.551461,-78.550488,-78.550208,-78.549758,-78.54949,-78.549292,-78.548948,-78.548536,-78.548143,-78.547909,-78.5476,-78.547399,-78.546827,-78.546645,-78.546484,-78.546363,-78.546398,-78.546492,-78.546391,-78.545461,-78.545266,-78.545208,-78.545347,-78.545962,-78.547104,-78.547914,-78.548141,-78.54826,-78.54912,-78.549684,-78.550835,-78.551348,-78.551708,-78.551636,-78.551472,-78.551397,-78.551209,-78.550983,-78.550352,-78.550075,-78.550008,-78.550088,-78.549987,-78.549688,-78.549748,-78.549689,-78.548255,-78.547577,-78.546816,-78.546081,-78.545388,-78.544808,-78.544232,-78.543805,-78.543365,-78.543229,-78.542852,-78.542272,-78.541608,-78.541646,-78.541573,-78.54198,-78.542104,-78.542155,-78.542566,-78.543366,-78.543579,-78.543544,-78.543402,-78.542812,-78.542721,-78.542409,-78.541586,-78.541121,-78.540849,-78.539945,-78.539421,-78.539206,-78.538941,-78.538798,-78.538349,-78.538147,-78.537969,-78.537279,-78.536991,-78.53647,-78.53638,-78.53595,-78.535661,-78.535249,-78.535113,-78.534951,-78.534354,-78.534198,-78.532967,-78.532746,-78.532763,-78.532662,-78.532576,-78.532694,-78.532826,-78.533214,-78.533258,-78.53305,-78.532829,-78.532687,-78.532465,-78.532161,-78.532021,-78.532012,-78.532018,-78.532061,-78.532136,-78.532208,-78.53227,-78.532298,-78.532259,-78.532093,-78.532016,-78.531895,-78.531628,-78.531027,-78.530919,-78.530631,-78.530211,-78.529559,-78.529192,-78.528907,-78.528558,-78.528303,-78.528191,-78.527573,-78.527265,-78.526942,-78.52684,-78.526605,-78.526127,-78.525742,-78.525743,-78.525744,-78.525746,-78.525762,-78.525808,-78.525798,-78.525765,-78.525726,-78.525719,-78.525732,-78.525747,-78.525784,-78.525712,-78.525671,-78.525681,-78.525665,-78.525655,-78.525681,-78.525669,-78.52565,-78.525656,-78.52566,-78.525664,-78.525585,-78.525484,-78.52514,-78.524535,-78.523823,-78.523389,-78.523229,-78.523008,-78.522814,-78.522676,-78.522552,-78.522449,-78.522409,-78.522085,-78.522052,-78.521978,-78.521871,-78.521691,-78.521639,-78.521314,-78.520981,-78.520808,-78.520257,-78.519814,-78.519691,-78.519024,-78.518665,-78.518298,-78.517975,-78.517727,-78.517422,-78.517372,-78.517273,-78.517194,-78.517129,-78.51703,-78.517044,-78.51706,-78.517087,-78.51711,-78.517123,-78.517173,-78.517201,-78.517217,-78.517216,-78.517196,-78.517151,-78.517083,-78.517018,-78.516942,-78.516855,-78.516609,-78.516493,-78.515409,-78.515268,-78.515164,-78.51506,-78.514975,-78.514895,-78.514861,-78.515582,-78.515645,-78.515743,-78.515831,-78.515891,-78.516135,-78.516186,-78.516283,-78.516348,-78.516437,-78.5165,-78.516578,-78.516651,-78.516705,-78.516762,-78.516797,-78.517017,-78.517078,-78.51716,-78.517257,-78.517365,-78.517854,-78.51798,-78.51827,-78.518414,-78.518539,-78.518642,-78.518703,-78.518732,-78.518836,-78.518935,-78.519009,-78.519091,-78.519279,-78.51956,-78.519931,-78.520328,-78.520757,-78.521107,-78.521742,-78.522519,-78.522677,-78.523251,-78.52354,-78.523683,-78.523805,-78.524061,-78.524284,-78.524718,-78.524853,-78.524931,-78.525065,-78.525382,-78.525912,-78.526071,-78.52628,-78.526377,-78.526475,-78.526703,-78.526732,-78.526746,-78.526754,-78.526733,-78.526723,-78.526719,-78.52673,-78.526825,-78.526836,-78.526852,-78.526928,-78.526968,-78.527005,-78.527036,-78.527096,-78.527107,-78.527129,-78.527153,-78.527193,-78.5273,-78.527499,-78.527818,-78.528084,-78.528171,-78.528151,-78.528077,-78.527913,-78.527605,-78.527373,-78.527211,-78.527084,-78.526993,-78.52685,-78.526421,-78.525745,-78.52544,-78.525367,-78.52531,-78.525149,-78.525062,-78.524888,-78.524879,-78.524793,-78.524784,-78.524791,-78.524817,-78.524913,-78.52521,-78.525264,-78.525437,-78.525567,-78.525566,-78.525548,-78.525513,-78.525402,-78.52479,-78.5247,-78.524627,-78.524591,-78.52455,-78.524524,-78.524523,-78.524542,-78.524698,-78.524726,-78.524746,-78.524733,-78.524703,-78.524584,-78.524458,-78.524458,-78.52446,-78.52413,-78.523606,-78.523369,-78.522859,-78.522526,-78.522217,-78.522098,-78.52157,-78.520668,-78.520517,-78.520381,-78.519338,-78.519282,-78.519043,-78.518745,-78.518486,-78.518134,-78.517457,-78.516808,-78.516611,-78.516437,-78.516281,-78.516147,-78.515875,-78.515711,-78.515561,-78.515431,-78.515254,-78.515125,-78.514828,-78.513424,-78.513139,-78.512126,-78.51194,-78.511704,-78.511522,-78.5111,-78.510243,-78.510101,-78.50978,-78.508852,-78.508468,-78.508095,-78.50764,-78.507292,-78.507169,-78.506683,-78.506214,-78.506044,-78.505953,-78.50592,-78.505815,-78.505753,-78.505599,-78.50541,-78.504995,-78.504804,-78.50463,-78.504505,-78.504413,-78.504257,-78.504047,-78.503969,-78.503862,-78.503682,-78.503498,-78.50326,-78.50295,-78.502817,-78.502413,-78.502135,-78.501957,-78.501479,-78.501233,-78.500896,-78.50067,-78.500486,-78.50029,-78.499977,-78.499371,-78.49916,-78.498441,-78.49827,-78.497193,-78.496781,-78.496526,-78.496347,-78.496125,-78.495853,-78.49571,-78.495574,-78.495354,-78.495269,-78.495137,-78.495046,-78.49488,-78.494783,-78.494697,-78.494644,-78.494584,-78.494515,-78.494158,-78.49412,-78.494006,-78.493924,-78.493709,-78.493554,-78.493519,-78.493505,-78.493475,-78.493467,-78.493464,-78.493468,-78.493535,-78.493598,-78.493602,-78.493592,-78.493566,-78.493542,-78.493468,-78.49327,-78.493158,-78.493064,-78.492933,-78.492792,-78.492078,-78.491684,-78.491346,-78.490892,-78.490795,-78.49074,-78.490674,-78.490332,-78.489824,-78.489538,-78.489417,-78.48916,-78.488912,-78.488844,-78.488512,-78.488263,-78.487568,-78.487193,-78.487044,-78.486821,-78.486519,-78.486331,-78.485815,-78.484869,-78.484441,-78.484075,-78.483705,-78.483475,-78.483279,-78.483117,-78.483006,-78.48293,-78.482835,-78.482826,-78.482765,-78.482734,-78.482722,-78.482723,-78.482728,-78.482745,-78.48275,-78.482729,-78.482694,-78.482615,-78.482551,-78.482496,-78.482416,-78.482322,-78.4822,-78.482061,-78.481851,-78.481718,-78.48117,-78.481043,-78.480902,-78.480778,-78.480691,-78.480497,-78.479961,-78.479811,-78.479705,-78.479578,-78.479444,-78.479204,-78.479031,-78.478886,-78.478702,-78.478546,-78.477492,-78.476927,-78.47599,-78.475682,-78.475444,-78.47522,-78.475004,-78.474773,-78.474543,-78.474387,-78.4743,-78.474045,-78.473925,-78.473793,-78.473643,-78.473432,-78.473299,-78.473019,-78.472845,-78.471465,-78.471224,-78.470827,-78.470697,-78.470394,-78.469891,-78.46942,-78.469272,-78.468978,-78.468401,-78.468124,-78.467889,-78.466306,-78.466117,-78.465879,-78.465321,-78.465158,-78.465072,-78.464994,-78.464899,-78.464818,-78.464439,-78.464147,-78.463975,-78.463639,-78.46327,-78.463036,-78.462291,-78.460217,-78.459705,-78.459424,-78.458991,-78.458864,-78.458664,-78.458553,-78.458484,-78.458417,-78.458372,-78.458311,-78.458279,-78.458263,-78.458261,-78.458281,-78.458294,-78.458313,-78.458358,-78.458485,-78.458715,-78.458897,-78.459058,-78.459162,-78.459249,-78.459276,-78.459306,-78.459318,-78.459734,-78.459912,-78.46009,-78.460041,-78.459944,-78.45988,-78.45988,-78.460025,-78.46017,-78.460267,-78.460509,-78.460606,-78.460735,-78.460978,-78.461284,-78.461779,-78.461301,-78.46098,-78.460715,-78.460511,-78.460256,-78.459655,-78.459349,-78.459041,-78.459014,-78.458879,-78.458841,-78.458777,-78.458757,-78.458755,-78.45877,-78.458788,-78.45884,-78.45891,-78.459052,-78.459083,-78.459155,-78.459164,-78.459183,-78.459187,-78.459188,-78.459188,-78.459203,-78.459236,-78.459288,-78.459449,-78.459646,-78.459857,-78.459875,-78.460039,-78.460071,-78.460109,-78.460128,-78.460538,-78.460629,-78.460724,-78.460838,-78.461346,-78.461733,-78.461799,-78.461849,-78.46188,-78.46193,-78.461959,-78.462005,-78.462054,-78.462183,-78.46223,-78.462366,-78.462417,-78.462482,-78.462555,-78.462638,-78.462708,-78.462818,-78.462894,-78.462978,-78.463056,-78.46312,-78.463292,-78.463365,-78.463451,-78.463571,-78.463903,-78.464301,-78.464443,-78.464542,-78.464782,-78.465054,-78.465256,-78.465603,-78.465669,-78.465769,-78.465853,-78.466025,-78.466075,-78.466115,-78.466169,-78.466207,-78.466208,-78.466181,-78.466147,-78.466092,-78.466023,-78.465959,-78.46589,-78.465829,-78.465804,-78.465749,-78.465755,-78.46574,-78.465929,-78.466529,-78.466645,-78.467061,-78.467619,-78.467945,-78.468315,-78.46884,-78.469091,-78.469377,-78.469793,-78.470518,-78.47105,-78.471322,-78.471745,-78.471959,-78.47207,-78.472453,-78.472692,-78.473108,-78.473987,-78.474733,-78.47512,-78.47647,-78.476937,-78.478043,-78.478914,-78.479371,-78.479692,-78.48044,-78.48115,-78.482343,-78.483108,-78.483802,-78.484581,-78.484895,-78.485359,-78.486038,-78.486321,-78.486955,-78.487732,-78.488246,-78.488412,-78.488438,-78.488468,-78.488544,-78.488462,-78.488439,-78.488126,-78.488148,-78.488187,-78.4883,-78.488356,-78.488344,-78.488405,-78.488482,-78.488833,-78.488908,-78.489124,-78.489281,-78.489639,-78.490172,-78.490811,-78.490973,-78.491315,-78.491796,-78.491913,-78.492124,-78.492506,-78.49295,-78.493231,-78.493571,-78.493928,-78.494574,-78.494968,-78.495073,-78.495042,-78.494923,-78.494825,-78.494897,-78.495054,-78.495705,-78.496449,-78.496802,-78.496879,-78.496752,-78.49663,-78.496564,-78.4962,-78.495764,-78.495435,-78.495435,-78.495801,-78.496488,-78.497403,-78.498862,-78.499549,-78.499738,-78.499997,-78.50022,-78.50057,-78.500725,-78.501029,-78.501263,-78.501479,-78.501717,-78.501961,-78.502234,-78.502408,-78.502561,-78.502637,-78.502774,-78.503049,-78.503308,-78.503613,-78.503995,-78.504427,-78.504541,-78.504647,-78.504703,-78.504744,-78.504772,-78.504779,-78.504772,-78.504703,-78.504571,-78.504509,-78.504537,-78.504557,-78.504564,-78.504558,-78.504537,-78.504544,-78.504579,-78.504614,-78.504704,-78.50485,-78.505072,-78.505198,-78.505267,-78.505316,-78.505392,-78.505469,-78.505511,-78.505573,-78.505768,-78.506144,-78.506248,-78.506456,-78.506512,-78.506658,-78.506762,-78.506894,-78.506922,-78.506992,-78.507068,-78.507138,-78.507207,-78.507346,-78.507388,-78.507478,-78.507555,-78.507604,-78.507659,-78.507778,-78.507847,-78.507896,-78.507966,-78.508035,-78.508112,-78.508223,-78.508306,-78.508446,-78.508689,-78.508717,-78.508765,-78.508849,-78.508911,-78.508925,-78.509127,-78.509308,-78.509433,-78.509627,-78.509822,-78.509989,-78.510086,-78.510156,-78.510392,-78.510524,-78.510816,-78.510934,-78.511038,-78.511143,-78.511212,-78.511261,-78.511268,-78.511261,-78.511226,-78.511178,-78.511081,-78.511046,-78.511005,-78.510998,-78.511019,-78.511075,-78.511109,-78.511158,-78.511165,-78.511339,-78.511485,-78.511638,-78.51168,-78.511764,-78.511861,-78.511966,-78.512084,-78.512119,-78.512126,-78.512098,-78.512126,-78.512161,-78.512259,-78.512294,-78.512342,-78.512426,-78.512592,-78.512662,-78.51278,-78.512877,-78.513009,-78.513148,-78.513266,-78.513405,-78.513544,-78.513662,-78.513773,-78.514155,-78.514287,-78.514496,-78.5146,-78.514975,-78.515117,-78.51519,-78.515357,-78.515676,-78.515843,-78.515919,-78.515947,-78.516023,-78.516044,-78.516225,-78.516349,-78.516648,-78.516815,-78.516961,-78.517079,-78.517183,-78.517301,-78.517357,-78.517419,-78.517461,-78.517489,-78.517454,-78.517426,-78.517301,-78.517281,-78.517163,-78.517079,-78.517024,-78.516989,-78.516948,-78.516934,-78.516948,-78.516969,-78.517017,-78.517115,-78.517198,-78.517365,-78.517428,-78.517629,-78.517712,-78.517837,-78.517942,-78.518108,-78.51824,-78.518566,-78.519053,-78.519289,-78.519393,-78.519525,-78.519615,-78.519705,-78.51983,-78.519942,-78.519983,-78.520039,-78.520046,-78.520053,-78.520039,-78.519998,-78.519977,-78.519984,-78.519998,-78.520053,-78.520088,-78.520172,-78.520463,-78.520582,-78.520679,-78.5207,-78.520734,-78.52079,-78.520832,-78.520839,-78.520832,-78.520811,-78.520797,-78.520846,-78.520951,-78.521006,-78.521083,-78.521194,-78.521236,-78.521291,-78.521354,-78.521465,-78.521715,-78.521819,-78.521889,-78.521958,-78.522055,-78.522132,-78.52216,-78.522201,-78.522243,-78.522271,-78.522278,-78.522271,-78.522243,-78.522209,-78.522139,-78.522084,-78.521771,-78.52166,-78.521271,-78.521104,-78.520979,-78.520827,-78.520792,-78.520729,-78.520695,-78.520688,-78.520695,-78.52073,-78.520757,-78.520841,-78.520987,-78.521167,-78.521299,-78.521501,-78.521661,-78.521959,-78.522237,-78.52248,-78.523105,-78.523286,-78.52346,-78.523793,-78.524453,-78.524703,-78.524981,-78.525176,-78.525704,-78.526176,-78.526516,-78.526815,-78.52719,-78.527509,-78.527669,-78.527843,-78.528093,-78.528273,-78.52835,-78.528523,-78.528794,-78.52901,-78.52919,-78.529308,-78.529357,-78.529406,-78.52944,-78.529461,-78.529468,-78.529371,-78.529309,-78.529205,-78.52917,-78.529149,-78.529128,-78.529156,-78.529191,-78.529254,-78.529219,-78.529157,-78.528837,-78.528754,-78.528559,-78.52808,-78.527587,-78.527462,-78.527413,-78.527344,-78.527302,-78.527289,-78.527275,-78.527296,-78.52733,-78.527428,-78.527504,-78.52772,-78.52781,-78.527845,-78.527859,-78.527886,-78.527914,-78.527956,-78.528018,-78.528053,-78.528164,-78.528345,-78.52854,-78.528602,-78.528699,-78.528804,-78.52888,-78.528943,-78.529005,-78.52913,-78.529179,-78.529227,-78.529352,-78.529429,-78.529581,-78.529665,-78.529741,-78.529817,-78.529873,-78.529936,-78.530144,-78.5302,-78.530255,-78.530408,-78.53054,-78.530679,-78.530971,-78.531144,-78.531346,-78.531457,-78.531506,-78.531575,-78.532261,-78.534187,-78.535837,-78.535909,-78.536045,-78.536192,-78.536316,-78.536523,-78.536935,-78.537104,-78.537264,-78.537387,-78.537567,-78.537999,-78.538403,-78.538651,-78.539345,-78.539574,-78.539722,-78.539897,-78.540007,-78.542082,-78.542491,-78.542578,-78.542788,-78.542987,-78.543137,-78.543308,-78.5434,-78.543483,-78.543549,-78.543614,-78.543654,-78.54369,-78.543721,-78.543734,-78.543735,-78.543736,-78.543728,-78.543722,-78.54371,-78.543687,-78.543644,-78.543468,-78.543277,-78.543196,-78.543163,-78.543144,-78.543148,-78.543169,-78.543212,-78.543221,-78.543213,-78.543184,-78.54314,-78.543105,-78.542992,-78.542754,-78.542609,-78.542573,-78.542547,-78.542542,-78.54255,-78.542577,-78.542621,-78.542705,-78.542979,-78.543044,-78.543072,-78.543079,-78.543078,-78.543047,-78.542999,-78.542971,-78.542963,-78.542959,-78.542919,-78.54292,-78.542936,-78.54297,-78.543017,-78.543117,-78.543209,-78.543375,-78.5436,-78.543777,-78.543825,-78.54449,-78.544713,-78.5449,-78.545093,-78.545218,-78.545358,-78.545513,-78.545869,-78.546517,-78.547016,-78.547224,-78.547448,-78.547645,-78.548035,-78.548519,-78.549445,-78.550073,-78.551524,-78.5518,-78.553747,-78.554252,-78.554765,-78.55513,-78.555295,-78.555839,-78.556336,-78.556795,-78.557133,-78.557961,-78.558119,-78.558786,-78.55889,-78.559566,-78.559713,-78.559857,-78.560088,-78.560297,-78.560506,-78.560672,-78.560909,-78.561263,-78.562266,-78.562554,-78.563776,-78.564305,-78.564836,-78.56512,-78.565579,-78.566532,-78.566844,-78.567117,-78.567779,-78.568771,-78.569465,-78.569603,-78.570108,-78.571491,-78.571946,-78.572827,-78.574656,-78.574808,-78.574999,-78.575145,-78.575332,-78.575487,-78.575668,-78.575783,-78.576109,-78.576558,-78.576806,-78.577758,-78.577813,-78.577943,-78.578031,-78.57815,-78.578591,-78.578895,-78.578991,-78.579036,-78.579143,-78.57926,-78.579386,-78.579613,-78.579802,-78.580032,-78.580564,-78.580746,-78.580926,-78.581081,-78.581207,-78.581344,-78.581459,-78.581623,-78.582094,-78.582621,-78.582822,-78.583026,-78.583354,-78.583494,-78.583681,-78.583911,-78.584134,-78.584351,-78.584555,-78.584734,-78.584913,-78.585088,-78.586433,-78.586754,-78.587262,-78.587439,-78.587608,-78.587938,-78.588273,-78.588794,-78.589044,-78.589302,-78.58945,-78.589691,-78.589936,-78.590184,-78.591847,-78.593082,-78.593192,-78.593215,-78.593326],"lat":[38.102775,38.10314,38.103483,38.103543,38.103625,38.103757,38.103929,38.10412,38.10595,38.106761,38.107109,38.107721,38.108132,38.108554,38.108997,38.109353,38.109882,38.110514,38.110632,38.111117,38.111477,38.111874,38.112393,38.112984,38.113614,38.113895,38.114265,38.114349,38.114943,38.115256,38.115514,38.115936,38.116142,38.116167,38.116224,38.11607,38.116196,38.116561,38.117442,38.1179,38.118188,38.118156,38.118202,38.118118,38.117505,38.117386,38.117556,38.117644,38.117605,38.117988,38.117928,38.117796,38.117633,38.117669,38.117958,38.117898,38.117947,38.118169,38.118641,38.119551,38.119995,38.120374,38.120804,38.121272,38.121683,38.121891,38.122137,38.122371,38.12246,38.122428,38.122477,38.122361,38.122443,38.1227,38.123729,38.124267,38.12482,38.125,38.125063,38.125148,38.125925,38.126203,38.126396,38.126484,38.126836,38.127119,38.127435,38.127719,38.127816,38.128127,38.128293,38.128574,38.128962,38.129312,38.129403,38.129414,38.129482,38.129423,38.12908,38.128746,38.128653,38.129214,38.129364,38.12936,38.129477,38.12962,38.129804,38.130123,38.130862,38.131132,38.131135,38.131054,38.130916,38.130761,38.130735,38.130821,38.13113,38.131571,38.131766,38.132187,38.132742,38.132969,38.133214,38.133416,38.133976,38.134685,38.135019,38.135052,38.135142,38.135265,38.135455,38.136129,38.136529,38.136981,38.137478,38.137691,38.137789,38.137889,38.137856,38.137947,38.138125,38.138406,38.138853,38.139274,38.139739,38.140074,38.14032,38.142001,38.142484,38.142919,38.143249,38.143404,38.143284,38.142947,38.142776,38.142459,38.14244,38.142059,38.141939,38.14119,38.140832,38.140749,38.139247,38.13912,38.138909,38.13817,38.137377,38.136682,38.136242,38.135858,38.135192,38.135179,38.134917,38.134834,38.134622,38.134583,38.135034,38.135067,38.135182,38.135506,38.136103,38.136801,38.137643,38.137799,38.138135,38.138166,38.138381,38.138368,38.138597,38.138628,38.138786,38.138767,38.138852,38.138803,38.138671,38.13853,38.138281,38.137231,38.137022,38.136841,38.136349,38.136187,38.134573,38.133999,38.133497,38.133247,38.132864,38.132614,38.131735,38.131033,38.130988,38.130931,38.130887,38.130744,38.130607,38.129959,38.129865,38.129709,38.129504,38.129409,38.129202,38.128921,38.128592,38.128517,38.128316,38.128197,38.128408,38.128558,38.128646,38.128719,38.128738,38.128726,38.128659,38.128635,38.12861,38.128602,38.128584,38.128286,38.127807,38.12769,38.127514,38.127181,38.127014,38.126555,38.126424,38.125974,38.12552,38.125434,38.125293,38.125132,38.12478,38.124638,38.124558,38.12435,38.124164,38.124043,38.123832,38.12373,38.123572,38.123405,38.123291,38.123197,38.123056,38.122875,38.122607,38.122171,38.121639,38.121409,38.121352,38.121296,38.121231,38.121262,38.121269,38.121306,38.12132,38.121552,38.121596,38.121694,38.121814,38.121899,38.121924,38.122187,38.122348,38.122431,38.122576,38.122613,38.122623,38.122683,38.123021,38.123256,38.123433,38.123576,38.123836,38.123878,38.123979,38.124077,38.124098,38.124145,38.12417,38.124202,38.12426,38.124313,38.124347,38.124506,38.124635,38.124809,38.124983,38.125157,38.125357,38.125534,38.125666,38.125796,38.12592,38.126222,38.126354,38.127601,38.127782,38.127937,38.128124,38.128317,38.128561,38.128694,38.12888,38.128902,38.12895,38.12901,38.129066,38.129373,38.129431,38.129521,38.129555,38.129579,38.129584,38.129577,38.129556,38.12953,38.129488,38.129447,38.129043,38.128956,38.128877,38.128808,38.12875,38.128581,38.128532,38.128403,38.128359,38.128337,38.128329,38.12833,38.128332,38.12835,38.128382,38.128417,38.128471,38.128638,38.128887,38.129189,38.129496,38.129805,38.130057,38.130481,38.130977,38.13108,38.131454,38.131634,38.131732,38.131825,38.132061,38.132279,38.132703,38.132848,38.132942,38.133123,38.133635,38.134538,38.13486,38.135283,38.135525,38.135849,38.136487,38.13659,38.136669,38.136801,38.137057,38.137154,38.137325,38.137538,38.138148,38.138566,38.138719,38.139196,38.139359,38.139508,38.13964,38.14039,38.140596,38.141105,38.141279,38.14149,38.141643,38.141816,38.142022,38.142275,38.142581,38.142794,38.14296,38.14318,38.143339,38.143432,38.143543,38.143648,38.143746,38.143892,38.14446,38.145392,38.145875,38.146029,38.146186,38.146842,38.14726,38.148145,38.148216,38.148811,38.148975,38.149111,38.149242,38.149523,38.150239,38.150417,38.151182,38.151924,38.151994,38.152062,38.152126,38.152259,38.152828,38.152941,38.153063,38.153138,38.153279,38.153422,38.153617,38.153824,38.154586,38.154813,38.155373,38.155521,38.155667,38.156156,38.156797,38.15689,38.157026,38.157194,38.157515,38.157659,38.157968,38.158182,38.158412,38.158507,38.158956,38.159725,38.159872,38.160028,38.161333,38.161398,38.161658,38.16196,38.162199,38.162497,38.163044,38.163569,38.163746,38.163934,38.164131,38.164334,38.164801,38.165061,38.165262,38.165418,38.165605,38.165729,38.166011,38.16731,38.167553,38.168364,38.168497,38.168646,38.168746,38.168962,38.16938,38.169446,38.169587,38.169977,38.170157,38.17035,38.170594,38.170777,38.170838,38.171058,38.171259,38.171347,38.171413,38.171442,38.171581,38.171707,38.172099,38.172552,38.17356,38.174029,38.174437,38.174677,38.17482,38.175022,38.17526,38.175343,38.175452,38.175624,38.175775,38.175948,38.176141,38.176218,38.176411,38.176539,38.176607,38.176776,38.176856,38.176967,38.177037,38.177086,38.177132,38.177184,38.177264,38.177281,38.17729,38.177291,38.177314,38.177321,38.177311,38.177294,38.177259,38.177198,38.177155,38.177104,38.177002,38.176952,38.176863,38.176789,38.176621,38.176496,38.176359,38.17625,38.176087,38.175864,38.174635,38.174518,38.174171,38.173954,38.173442,38.173047,38.172943,38.172892,38.172734,38.172647,38.172574,38.172404,38.171788,38.171142,38.17099,38.170824,38.170675,38.170587,38.170375,38.16988,38.169617,38.169422,38.169201,38.168996,38.168056,38.167542,38.16709,38.166472,38.16632,38.166227,38.166102,38.165382,38.164374,38.163827,38.163615,38.163189,38.162805,38.162716,38.162342,38.162082,38.161365,38.160982,38.160845,38.160666,38.160461,38.160345,38.160044,38.15951,38.159262,38.159038,38.158795,38.158634,38.158482,38.158334,38.158206,38.158094,38.157933,38.157912,38.15777,38.157664,38.157577,38.157479,38.1574,38.157249,38.157077,38.156876,38.15664,38.156196,38.155952,38.155805,38.155645,38.155492,38.155315,38.155136,38.154898,38.15476,38.154251,38.15413,38.153973,38.153806,38.153666,38.153289,38.152217,38.151975,38.151826,38.151668,38.151516,38.151275,38.151124,38.151013,38.150899,38.150817,38.15031,38.150041,38.149582,38.149426,38.149294,38.149149,38.148988,38.148802,38.148581,38.148408,38.1483,38.147966,38.14782,38.147676,38.147532,38.147354,38.147252,38.147052,38.146937,38.146055,38.145901,38.145651,38.14557,38.145394,38.145124,38.144895,38.144827,38.14469,38.144421,38.144272,38.144132,38.143125,38.142998,38.14281,38.142325,38.142163,38.142063,38.141963,38.141845,38.141733,38.141212,38.140824,38.14062,38.140268,38.139904,38.139672,38.13891,38.136807,38.136275,38.135977,38.135509,38.135362,38.135111,38.134947,38.134831,38.13472,38.134625,38.134464,38.134342,38.134229,38.134086,38.133916,38.133856,38.133777,38.133655,38.133384,38.132926,38.13257,38.132269,38.132048,38.131822,38.131718,38.131542,38.131363,38.129975,38.12906,38.128069,38.128069,38.128006,38.127879,38.12779,38.127676,38.127638,38.12765,38.126482,38.126202,38.125872,38.125466,38.125072,38.124587,38.124182,38.12389,38.123618,38.123245,38.122807,38.121781,38.121212,38.120561,38.120491,38.120087,38.119937,38.119643,38.119426,38.119269,38.119102,38.118967,38.11875,38.118534,38.117975,38.117853,38.117353,38.117177,38.116817,38.116408,38.116081,38.115968,38.115757,38.115547,38.11534,38.114876,38.114315,38.113546,38.113431,38.112334,38.112195,38.112077,38.112025,38.11109,38.110857,38.110668,38.110482,38.109771,38.109203,38.109094,38.108979,38.108861,38.108482,38.108392,38.108306,38.108243,38.108051,38.107972,38.107711,38.107645,38.107587,38.107542,38.10751,38.107495,38.107485,38.10747,38.107435,38.107386,38.107327,38.107104,38.107024,38.106952,38.106881,38.106742,38.106553,38.106486,38.106427,38.106273,38.106073,38.105941,38.105728,38.10568,38.105591,38.105492,38.105272,38.105209,38.105168,38.105094,38.105013,38.104986,38.104914,38.104859,38.104797,38.104744,38.10471,38.104683,38.104666,38.104278,38.103948,38.10358,38.103494,38.103485,38.103717,38.103829,38.10423,38.104637,38.104729,38.104746,38.104753,38.104757,38.104659,38.104561,38.104212,38.103844,38.103435,38.102799,38.102478,38.102089,38.10075,38.099874,38.099249,38.09806,38.097337,38.096964,38.096008,38.095693,38.094948,38.094415,38.094033,38.093765,38.093563,38.093459,38.093279,38.092828,38.09205,38.09129,38.091228,38.091137,38.091143,38.09122,38.091394,38.091219,38.091527,38.091627,38.091851,38.092104,38.092592,38.092897,38.092981,38.09363,38.093735,38.093928,38.094212,38.094239,38.094268,38.094478,38.094565,38.094958,38.095044,38.095253,38.095533,38.095866,38.09613,38.096087,38.096083,38.096049,38.096159,38.096277,38.096489,38.096905,38.0976,38.097682,38.097786,38.09802,38.098444,38.098543,38.098569,38.098653,38.098971,38.099282,38.099393,38.099636,38.09962,38.099481,38.098928,38.098248,38.098028,38.097621,38.097379,38.097035,38.096689,38.096454,38.09605,38.096019,38.09614,38.096354,38.096996,38.097229,38.09742,38.097588,38.097642,38.097935,38.09803,38.098175,38.098324,38.098408,38.098446,38.098414,38.098295,38.098116,38.097735,38.097353,38.097003,38.096888,38.096682,38.096461,38.096194,38.095973,38.095963,38.095919,38.095886,38.095826,38.095765,38.095705,38.095634,38.095458,38.095211,38.095008,38.094925,38.094887,38.094799,38.094706,38.094596,38.094541,38.094453,38.094393,38.094299,38.094157,38.093959,38.093866,38.0938,38.093718,38.093421,38.093223,38.093163,38.093092,38.092933,38.092675,38.092614,38.092444,38.092406,38.092329,38.092291,38.092258,38.092236,38.092192,38.092115,38.092038,38.091945,38.091797,38.091758,38.09166,38.091555,38.091457,38.091319,38.090962,38.090721,38.0906,38.090468,38.090353,38.090238,38.090084,38.089996,38.089859,38.089651,38.089634,38.08959,38.089524,38.089497,38.089481,38.089393,38.089338,38.089289,38.089184,38.089058,38.088937,38.088877,38.088828,38.088696,38.088641,38.088553,38.088504,38.088433,38.088334,38.088235,38.088125,38.088005,38.087884,38.087757,38.087648,38.08745,38.08734,38.086961,38.086802,38.086538,38.086165,38.086,38.085825,38.085775,38.085347,38.085133,38.084952,38.084891,38.084743,38.084513,38.084079,38.083837,38.083728,38.083563,38.08308,38.0828,38.082596,38.082168,38.082091,38.082015,38.081932,38.081839,38.081806,38.081773,38.081757,38.081746,38.081757,38.081779,38.081817,38.081872,38.0819,38.081911,38.081933,38.081955,38.082032,38.082092,38.082362,38.08247,38.082526,38.082697,38.083037,38.083208,38.083263,38.08329,38.08335,38.083361,38.083515,38.083603,38.08379,38.083889,38.08396,38.083999,38.08401,38.083999,38.083977,38.083928,38.083862,38.083724,38.083571,38.083516,38.083378,38.083351,38.083225,38.083104,38.083016,38.08295,38.082818,38.082626,38.082357,38.082269,38.082137,38.082011,38.081934,38.081857,38.081836,38.081808,38.081819,38.081847,38.08188,38.081962,38.08205,38.082292,38.082693,38.082913,38.082995,38.083055,38.083061,38.08305,38.083012,38.082929,38.082869,38.082748,38.082715,38.082627,38.082485,38.082265,38.08199,38.081881,38.081837,38.081787,38.081765,38.081743,38.081711,38.081672,38.081617,38.081595,38.081573,38.081518,38.081425,38.081337,38.081249,38.081167,38.081041,38.080497,38.08014,38.080047,38.079954,38.079882,38.079871,38.079866,38.079877,38.07991,38.080003,38.08002,38.080014,38.079976,38.079905,38.079828,38.079795,38.079734,38.079652,38.079575,38.079487,38.079405,38.079328,38.079273,38.079218,38.079185,38.079125,38.079097,38.07896,38.078872,38.078784,38.078652,38.078608,38.078509,38.078422,38.078356,38.078284,38.078202,38.078158,38.078098,38.078037,38.077982,38.077955,38.077928,38.077911,38.077911,38.077917,38.077944,38.078044,38.078044,38.078038,38.078005,38.077929,38.077929,38.077934,38.077946,38.078044,38.078149,38.078242,38.078341,38.078479,38.078638,38.078742,38.078869,38.078984,38.079039,38.079056,38.079067,38.079045,38.079006,38.078946,38.07888,38.078847,38.078803,38.078738,38.078683,38.078523,38.078375,38.078293,38.078106,38.078007,38.077886,38.077716,38.077442,38.077249,38.076986,38.076871,38.076788,38.076579,38.07653,38.07647,38.076332,38.076222,38.076167,38.076134,38.076063,38.07598,38.075936,38.075821,38.075646,38.075585,38.075486,38.07542,38.075267,38.075195,38.075146,38.075102,38.074981,38.074904,38.074822,38.07474,38.074701,38.074603,38.074482,38.074372,38.074345,38.074317,38.074306,38.074317,38.074356,38.074422,38.074718,38.074784,38.074861,38.074982,38.075042,38.075125,38.07513,38.075125,38.075097,38.075064,38.075004,38.074729,38.074686,38.074658,38.074625,38.074614,38.074625,38.074697,38.074735,38.074757,38.074746,38.074735,38.074706,38.07529,38.076931,38.078333,38.078389,38.078479,38.078558,38.078613,38.078687,38.078812,38.07887,38.078942,38.079007,38.079121,38.079438,38.079749,38.079952,38.080546,38.080728,38.080831,38.080935,38.080991,38.081913,38.082098,38.082142,38.082262,38.082394,38.082507,38.082652,38.082743,38.082839,38.082929,38.083041,38.083135,38.083255,38.083444,38.083691,38.083978,38.084255,38.085003,38.085456,38.085639,38.085787,38.085969,38.086464,38.08701,38.087291,38.087463,38.087597,38.087849,38.088101,38.088403,38.088555,38.088784,38.088969,38.089157,38.089277,38.089596,38.090169,38.090546,38.090662,38.09081,38.09092,38.091019,38.091142,38.091262,38.091416,38.091881,38.092045,38.092175,38.092253,38.092453,38.092992,38.093621,38.09408,38.094221,38.094282,38.094963,38.09501,38.095145,38.095277,38.095392,38.095578,38.095723,38.095958,38.096299,38.096605,38.096692,38.097894,38.098286,38.098575,38.098849,38.099011,38.099165,38.099309,38.099598,38.100107,38.100502,38.10064,38.100762,38.100851,38.100979,38.101125,38.101376,38.10154,38.101929,38.102003,38.102522,38.102661,38.102818,38.10293,38.10298,38.103153,38.103313,38.103451,38.103541,38.103735,38.103773,38.103932,38.103957,38.104101,38.104129,38.104153,38.104184,38.104193,38.104188,38.104174,38.104139,38.10407,38.103824,38.103753,38.103449,38.10333,38.103239,38.103197,38.103144,38.103063,38.103028,38.102988,38.102863,38.102661,38.102521,38.102497,38.102397,38.102117,38.102027,38.101857,38.1015,38.101476,38.101459,38.101455,38.101462,38.101483,38.101527,38.101568,38.101715,38.10194,38.102066,38.102524,38.102554,38.102635,38.102704,38.102819,38.103345,38.103707,38.103797,38.103832,38.103898,38.103953,38.103994,38.104044,38.104094,38.104169,38.104379,38.104447,38.104493,38.104518,38.104528,38.104528,38.10452,38.104495,38.104394,38.104273,38.104236,38.104213,38.104201,38.104205,38.104219,38.104249,38.104292,38.104326,38.104343,38.104341,38.104326,38.104297,38.103965,38.103872,38.103707,38.103638,38.103556,38.103357,38.103168,38.10293,38.10283,38.102744,38.102706,38.10266,38.102628,38.102611,38.102605,38.102604,38.102603,38.10263,38.102775]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.49412,-78.493789,-78.493504,-78.493254,-78.49309,-78.493001,-78.492919,-78.492858,-78.492804,-78.492759,-78.492741,-78.492719,-78.492729,-78.492738,-78.49276,-78.492819,-78.492915,-78.49317,-78.493263,-78.493329,-78.4934,-78.493463,-78.493539,-78.493583,-78.493591,-78.493578,-78.493566,-78.493528,-78.493438,-78.493354,-78.49318,-78.493026,-78.492778,-78.492595,-78.492476,-78.492334,-78.492213,-78.492118,-78.492001,-78.491871,-78.491513,-78.491285,-78.491028,-78.490856,-78.490664,-78.49037,-78.490087,-78.489912,-78.488681,-78.488471,-78.488382,-78.488248,-78.488152,-78.488026,-78.487913,-78.487716,-78.487571,-78.487406,-78.487255,-78.487156,-78.487099,-78.487051,-78.48703,-78.487031,-78.487059,-78.487063,-78.48705,-78.487019,-78.486934,-78.486804,-78.48666,-78.486556,-78.486392,-78.486293,-78.486084,-78.485989,-78.485929,-78.485883,-78.485788,-78.485707,-78.485452,-78.485368,-78.485299,-78.485222,-78.48501,-78.484931,-78.484792,-78.484692,-78.484564,-78.484266,-78.484121,-78.483973,-78.483908,-78.483839,-78.483683,-78.483384,-78.483,-78.482896,-78.482827,-78.482802,-78.482746,-78.482659,-78.482622,-78.48258,-78.48257,-78.48259,-78.482653,-78.482656,-78.48264,-78.482617,-78.482588,-78.482548,-78.482498,-78.482338,-78.482222,-78.482034,-78.481855,-78.48149,-78.481237,-78.481142,-78.481047,-78.480947,-78.480704,-78.480542,-78.480367,-78.48022,-78.480055,-78.479965,-78.479861,-78.479733,-78.479621,-78.47941,-78.479248,-78.478629,-78.478391,-78.478163,-78.478049,-78.477934,-78.477814,-78.477597,-78.477382,-78.476943,-78.476876,-78.476801,-78.476718,-78.476605,-78.476483,-78.476355,-78.476276,-78.47604,-78.475951,-78.475353,-78.475177,-78.474829,-78.474684,-78.474543,-78.474408,-78.474282,-78.474137,-78.473845,-78.473752,-78.473418,-78.473071,-78.472835,-78.472595,-78.472532,-78.472293,-78.472046,-78.471886,-78.471754,-78.47163,-78.471447,-78.47128,-78.47114,-78.47101,-78.470927,-78.470863,-78.470828,-78.470805,-78.470801,-78.470796,-78.470788,-78.470786,-78.470706,-78.47068,-78.470619,-78.470581,-78.470469,-78.470244,-78.470106,-78.470077,-78.469196,-78.468993,-78.468878,-78.468747,-78.468551,-78.468305,-78.468125,-78.467739,-78.466319,-78.465967,-78.465694,-78.465612,-78.465539,-78.465485,-78.465455,-78.465449,-78.465372,-78.462017,-78.462002,-78.457422,-78.451119,-78.45012,-78.446976,-78.446042,-78.446021,-78.44242,-78.442376,-78.442164,-78.442031,-78.442005,-78.441257,-78.440786,-78.440298,-78.44021,-78.438379,-78.43838,-78.438107,-78.432688,-78.431502,-78.430471,-78.424793,-78.421614,-78.419161,-78.417359,-78.416816,-78.411009,-78.409954,-78.409542,-78.40747,-78.407392,-78.403077,-78.402108,-78.400641,-78.399808,-78.398052,-78.396801,-78.396706,-78.396421,-78.396311,-78.396281,-78.394631,-78.392446,-78.39031,-78.389564,-78.388811,-78.387807,-78.386667,-78.385988,-78.385667,-78.385008,-78.384368,-78.383973,-78.383155,-78.38144,-78.380363,-78.379763,-78.379448,-78.379332,-78.378909,-78.377436,-78.377138,-78.375901,-78.375462,-78.375375,-78.373595,-78.372497,-78.372361,-78.371733,-78.370611,-78.370352,-78.370026,-78.369061,-78.36902,-78.368984,-78.368967,-78.368876,-78.368805,-78.368743,-78.364759,-78.363356,-78.361922,-78.361369,-78.359131,-78.353682,-78.352149,-78.351996,-78.351587,-78.35017,-78.349432,-78.348214,-78.347837,-78.346813,-78.345869,-78.345806,-78.344725,-78.344677,-78.34454,-78.344325,-78.343834,-78.343274,-78.342952,-78.342033,-78.341747,-78.341674,-78.341497,-78.340382,-78.339944,-78.338492,-78.33796,-78.337266,-78.336457,-78.33618,-78.335555,-78.334384,-78.333952,-78.333063,-78.332907,-78.332451,-78.332788,-78.333371,-78.334128,-78.334699,-78.335255,-78.335738,-78.336325,-78.336859,-78.337255,-78.337713,-78.338281,-78.338788,-78.339182,-78.339399,-78.339786,-78.341062,-78.341367,-78.342554,-78.34287,-78.343581,-78.344217,-78.345088,-78.345688,-78.346288,-78.347062,-78.347593,-78.348234,-78.34906,-78.350227,-78.351166,-78.351604,-78.353175,-78.354286,-78.356634,-78.357487,-78.358279,-78.358894,-78.359732,-78.360304,-78.360879,-78.361378,-78.361946,-78.362373,-78.362927,-78.363511,-78.364034,-78.364883,-78.365937,-78.367269,-78.368082,-78.368747,-78.369265,-78.369897,-78.370396,-78.370891,-78.37137,-78.371953,-78.373128,-78.373962,-78.374376,-78.374912,-78.375783,-78.376522,-78.377497,-78.37854,-78.378975,-78.379539,-78.380388,-78.381294,-78.381648,-78.381966,-78.382296,-78.382891,-78.384167,-78.385628,-78.387103,-78.388065,-78.389091,-78.390379,-78.391659,-78.392684,-78.393397,-78.39406,-78.395115,-78.396238,-78.396842,-78.397336,-78.397743,-78.39835,-78.399682,-78.400686,-78.401705,-78.401777,-78.401906,-78.402605,-78.402736,-78.403005,-78.402852,-78.402917,-78.402875,-78.402971,-78.403138,-78.403114,-78.403517,-78.403515,-78.403031,-78.402787,-78.401783,-78.400908,-78.400591,-78.400419,-78.399374,-78.399083,-78.398811,-78.398477,-78.398171,-78.397059,-78.396349,-78.395873,-78.39567,-78.395438,-78.394968,-78.394776,-78.394691,-78.39473,-78.395073,-78.395384,-78.395721,-78.395993,-78.396066,-78.396828,-78.396901,-78.39721,-78.398283,-78.399047,-78.399203,-78.399234,-78.399981,-78.400377,-78.401102,-78.401498,-78.401824,-78.402243,-78.402681,-78.403573,-78.403799,-78.404264,-78.405452,-78.405736,-78.406296,-78.406814,-78.407245,-78.407686,-78.407846,-78.407607,-78.407316,-78.406325,-78.40606,-78.406031,-78.406051,-78.406235,-78.406535,-78.406852,-78.407149,-78.407873,-78.409626,-78.411076,-78.411455,-78.41227,-78.412514,-78.413535,-78.414328,-78.415655,-78.416476,-78.417971,-78.419083,-78.419686,-78.419884,-78.420509,-78.420801,-78.42094,-78.420853,-78.421116,-78.42121,-78.421151,-78.420508,-78.420207,-78.420072,-78.419994,-78.419688,-78.418972,-78.418684,-78.418567,-78.417879,-78.416439,-78.415796,-78.415284,-78.415001,-78.414919,-78.414979,-78.415211,-78.415356,-78.41554,-78.416259,-78.416635,-78.416836,-78.416859,-78.41695,-78.417017,-78.417167,-78.417953,-78.418092,-78.418126,-78.418296,-78.41833,-78.418438,-78.419136,-78.419405,-78.420028,-78.421016,-78.421472,-78.421861,-78.421962,-78.422064,-78.422304,-78.422489,-78.422308,-78.422393,-78.422761,-78.423016,-78.423514,-78.42376,-78.424596,-78.424715,-78.425932,-78.426289,-78.427074,-78.427612,-78.427759,-78.427711,-78.427664,-78.427176,-78.42688,-78.426676,-78.426568,-78.426419,-78.425657,-78.425475,-78.425434,-78.425352,-78.425223,-78.424936,-78.42469,-78.424458,-78.424316,-78.423906,-78.423759,-78.423906,-78.424317,-78.424672,-78.424722,-78.425093,-78.425205,-78.42558,-78.425971,-78.426227,-78.426349,-78.426469,-78.426599,-78.426681,-78.426839,-78.426974,-78.427586,-78.428429,-78.428843,-78.428939,-78.429045,-78.42922,-78.429408,-78.429578,-78.429651,-78.429741,-78.42981,-78.430038,-78.430076,-78.430175,-78.430277,-78.430358,-78.430468,-78.430574,-78.430803,-78.43084,-78.430968,-78.431071,-78.431157,-78.431214,-78.431315,-78.431538,-78.431677,-78.431834,-78.432146,-78.432183,-78.432215,-78.43225,-78.432289,-78.432349,-78.432678,-78.432733,-78.432814,-78.432881,-78.432938,-78.43298,-78.433011,-78.433034,-78.433039,-78.433021,-78.432984,-78.432865,-78.432816,-78.432808,-78.432811,-78.432833,-78.432912,-78.432931,-78.433065,-78.433123,-78.433187,-78.433245,-78.433331,-78.433389,-78.433482,-78.433611,-78.434085,-78.434255,-78.434492,-78.434598,-78.434697,-78.434978,-78.435086,-78.435179,-78.435333,-78.435447,-78.435666,-78.435713,-78.435809,-78.435919,-78.436214,-78.436467,-78.43683,-78.437205,-78.437565,-78.438202,-78.438438,-78.438706,-78.438789,-78.438892,-78.438984,-78.439103,-78.439241,-78.439336,-78.439413,-78.439545,-78.439606,-78.439831,-78.439977,-78.440095,-78.440277,-78.440466,-78.440719,-78.440976,-78.441195,-78.441464,-78.441698,-78.441854,-78.442033,-78.442214,-78.442352,-78.442476,-78.442585,-78.442989,-78.443274,-78.443358,-78.443426,-78.443531,-78.443698,-78.443742,-78.443801,-78.443848,-78.443939,-78.444008,-78.444109,-78.444222,-78.44431,-78.444431,-78.444527,-78.444672,-78.444861,-78.445106,-78.445377,-78.445599,-78.445814,-78.446063,-78.446227,-78.446491,-78.446762,-78.446881,-78.447037,-78.44718,-78.447367,-78.447492,-78.447564,-78.447612,-78.447648,-78.44767,-78.447677,-78.447666,-78.447642,-78.447595,-78.447546,-78.447477,-78.447396,-78.447279,-78.446886,-78.446719,-78.446527,-78.446326,-78.446237,-78.446165,-78.446097,-78.446076,-78.446033,-78.446027,-78.446035,-78.446055,-78.446089,-78.44614,-78.446329,-78.446378,-78.446422,-78.446508,-78.446598,-78.446683,-78.446817,-78.447047,-78.44712,-78.447101,-78.447097,-78.447104,-78.447131,-78.447171,-78.447219,-78.447315,-78.447596,-78.447664,-78.447771,-78.44787,-78.448078,-78.448195,-78.448344,-78.448608,-78.448984,-78.449204,-78.449302,-78.449421,-78.449501,-78.449588,-78.449741,-78.449853,-78.449964,-78.450215,-78.450433,-78.450688,-78.45121,-78.451733,-78.45197,-78.452683,-78.452763,-78.452891,-78.452972,-78.453117,-78.453245,-78.45342,-78.45386,-78.455307,-78.455419,-78.455522,-78.455824,-78.456177,-78.456496,-78.456821,-78.457254,-78.45759,-78.457927,-78.458314,-78.458641,-78.459718,-78.45988,-78.45988,-78.459944,-78.460041,-78.46009,-78.459912,-78.459734,-78.459318,-78.459306,-78.459276,-78.459249,-78.459162,-78.459058,-78.458897,-78.458715,-78.458485,-78.458358,-78.458313,-78.458294,-78.458281,-78.458261,-78.458263,-78.458279,-78.458311,-78.458372,-78.458417,-78.458484,-78.458553,-78.458664,-78.458864,-78.458991,-78.459424,-78.459705,-78.460217,-78.462291,-78.463036,-78.46327,-78.463639,-78.463975,-78.464147,-78.464439,-78.464818,-78.464899,-78.464994,-78.465072,-78.465158,-78.465321,-78.465879,-78.466117,-78.466306,-78.467889,-78.468124,-78.468401,-78.468978,-78.469272,-78.46942,-78.469891,-78.470394,-78.470697,-78.470827,-78.471224,-78.471465,-78.472845,-78.473019,-78.473299,-78.473432,-78.473643,-78.473793,-78.473925,-78.474045,-78.4743,-78.474387,-78.474543,-78.474773,-78.475004,-78.47522,-78.475444,-78.475682,-78.47599,-78.476927,-78.477492,-78.478546,-78.478702,-78.478886,-78.479031,-78.479204,-78.479444,-78.479578,-78.479705,-78.479811,-78.479961,-78.480497,-78.480691,-78.480778,-78.480902,-78.481043,-78.48117,-78.481718,-78.481851,-78.482061,-78.4822,-78.482322,-78.482416,-78.482496,-78.482551,-78.482615,-78.482694,-78.482729,-78.48275,-78.482745,-78.482728,-78.482723,-78.482722,-78.482734,-78.482765,-78.482826,-78.482835,-78.48293,-78.483006,-78.483117,-78.483279,-78.483475,-78.483705,-78.484075,-78.484441,-78.484869,-78.485815,-78.486331,-78.486519,-78.486821,-78.487044,-78.487193,-78.487568,-78.488263,-78.488512,-78.488844,-78.488912,-78.48916,-78.489417,-78.489538,-78.489824,-78.490332,-78.490674,-78.49074,-78.490795,-78.490892,-78.491346,-78.491684,-78.492078,-78.492792,-78.492933,-78.493064,-78.493158,-78.49327,-78.493468,-78.493542,-78.493566,-78.493592,-78.493602,-78.493598,-78.493535,-78.493468,-78.493464,-78.493467,-78.493475,-78.493505,-78.493519,-78.493554,-78.493709,-78.493924,-78.494006,-78.49412],"lat":[38.174518,38.174977,38.17535,38.175665,38.175872,38.176007,38.176162,38.176307,38.17649,38.176744,38.176958,38.177835,38.177995,38.178047,38.178167,38.17835,38.178568,38.179048,38.179258,38.179437,38.179715,38.179985,38.180352,38.180668,38.180853,38.181051,38.18112,38.181247,38.181453,38.181609,38.181875,38.182085,38.18239,38.182571,38.182662,38.182733,38.18278,38.1828,38.182806,38.182794,38.182709,38.182659,38.18261,38.182583,38.182567,38.182562,38.182576,38.182586,38.182634,38.182659,38.182676,38.182715,38.182756,38.182836,38.182927,38.183121,38.183262,38.183404,38.183527,38.183623,38.183688,38.18378,38.183864,38.184006,38.184278,38.184399,38.184511,38.184619,38.184793,38.185012,38.185231,38.185412,38.18565,38.185771,38.185993,38.186131,38.186247,38.186369,38.18671,38.186963,38.187774,38.188026,38.188229,38.188431,38.188949,38.189154,38.189479,38.189739,38.190035,38.190784,38.191103,38.191358,38.191459,38.191556,38.191766,38.192134,38.192617,38.192771,38.192895,38.192949,38.193088,38.193376,38.193506,38.193748,38.19384,38.1941,38.194515,38.194648,38.194779,38.194897,38.194986,38.195073,38.195157,38.195386,38.195532,38.195736,38.195891,38.19618,38.196393,38.196492,38.196623,38.196815,38.1974,38.197771,38.198096,38.198329,38.198555,38.198656,38.198751,38.198846,38.198914,38.199012,38.19908,38.199293,38.199391,38.199502,38.199566,38.199653,38.19977,38.200029,38.200315,38.200876,38.200943,38.201004,38.201059,38.201117,38.201163,38.201197,38.201211,38.201232,38.201234,38.201245,38.201245,38.201256,38.201274,38.201305,38.201351,38.20141,38.201498,38.201707,38.201781,38.202011,38.202229,38.202366,38.20249,38.202519,38.202622,38.202744,38.202838,38.202931,38.203032,38.203215,38.203393,38.203554,38.203716,38.20385,38.203987,38.204095,38.204233,38.204282,38.204345,38.204441,38.204469,38.205045,38.205201,38.205489,38.205614,38.205911,38.206429,38.206743,38.20681,38.208835,38.209269,38.209476,38.209677,38.209932,38.210221,38.210433,38.210888,38.212548,38.212965,38.213302,38.213433,38.213585,38.213759,38.213911,38.214047,38.214023,38.213004,38.212999,38.211605,38.209794,38.209507,38.208604,38.208329,38.20833,38.207296,38.207283,38.207204,38.207158,38.207149,38.206876,38.20671,38.206549,38.206515,38.205844,38.205809,38.205708,38.204093,38.203739,38.203412,38.201702,38.200744,38.200005,38.199463,38.199299,38.197305,38.196925,38.196776,38.196028,38.196005,38.194452,38.194104,38.193454,38.193085,38.192504,38.192088,38.192075,38.192039,38.192025,38.192018,38.191652,38.191168,38.190694,38.190484,38.190254,38.189949,38.189582,38.189363,38.189263,38.189077,38.188898,38.188786,38.188557,38.188076,38.187774,38.187607,38.187506,38.187475,38.187347,38.186914,38.186816,38.18641,38.186266,38.186237,38.18566,38.1853,38.185255,38.18505,38.184682,38.184597,38.184491,38.184172,38.184158,38.184146,38.184141,38.184112,38.18409,38.184074,38.183081,38.182705,38.182322,38.182181,38.181613,38.180241,38.179858,38.179816,38.179713,38.179356,38.17917,38.178872,38.17878,38.178497,38.178232,38.178214,38.177908,38.177897,38.177858,38.177786,38.177622,38.177434,38.177326,38.177018,38.176923,38.176898,38.176835,38.176439,38.176284,38.175769,38.17558,38.175334,38.17508,38.174994,38.174799,38.174433,38.174298,38.17402,38.173971,38.173829,38.173809,38.173703,38.173537,38.173351,38.173131,38.172891,38.172546,38.172116,38.171765,38.171187,38.170425,38.169712,38.169161,38.168903,38.168296,38.166597,38.166175,38.164539,38.164176,38.16319,38.162302,38.161113,38.160291,38.159486,38.158396,38.157703,38.157025,38.156303,38.155446,38.154798,38.154475,38.153366,38.152579,38.1509,38.150286,38.149732,38.149304,38.148755,38.148476,38.14823,38.14807,38.147939,38.147872,38.147814,38.147799,38.147808,38.14783,38.147856,38.147901,38.147926,38.147915,38.147891,38.147811,38.147696,38.147555,38.147376,38.147124,38.146478,38.146063,38.145829,38.145513,38.145027,38.144672,38.144131,38.143518,38.143267,38.142954,38.142522,38.142027,38.141816,38.141649,38.141483,38.141128,38.140469,38.139692,38.13889,38.138378,38.137799,38.137118,38.136392,38.135884,38.135481,38.135138,38.13457,38.134006,38.133565,38.133187,38.132843,38.132283,38.131011,38.130107,38.12911,38.129042,38.129278,38.13007,38.130306,38.131326,38.131957,38.132075,38.132251,38.132628,38.132755,38.1328,38.134051,38.13445,38.134706,38.134743,38.134634,38.134761,38.134715,38.134654,38.13374,38.133589,38.133549,38.133573,38.133674,38.134203,38.134426,38.134648,38.134909,38.135674,38.136259,38.136667,38.137018,38.137241,38.137763,38.138026,38.138184,38.138223,38.138307,38.138453,38.138537,38.138618,38.139609,38.139937,38.140069,38.140139,38.140146,38.140058,38.140163,38.140075,38.140086,38.140292,38.14061,38.140993,38.141026,38.141239,38.141557,38.141743,38.142628,38.143098,38.14345,38.14395,38.14416,38.144665,38.145095,38.145895,38.146641,38.146724,38.146835,38.147044,38.14716,38.147206,38.14714,38.147202,38.147172,38.147383,38.147365,38.147483,38.147446,38.147485,38.14731,38.147248,38.147149,38.146785,38.146256,38.146089,38.146045,38.146172,38.146324,38.146525,38.147856,38.148511,38.149287,38.149533,38.150057,38.150431,38.15056,38.150636,38.150798,38.151178,38.151265,38.151301,38.151237,38.151573,38.151516,38.151696,38.152672,38.153204,38.15354,38.153936,38.154502,38.15471,38.155032,38.155094,38.154971,38.154899,38.15462,38.154416,38.154184,38.153402,38.153265,38.153125,38.153004,38.152864,38.152807,38.151855,38.151712,38.151657,38.151837,38.152085,38.152379,38.152456,38.152532,38.152713,38.152922,38.153476,38.153707,38.154123,38.154233,38.154305,38.154449,38.154679,38.154769,38.155163,38.155433,38.156454,38.15675,38.156916,38.157309,38.157349,38.157776,38.158977,38.159265,38.159322,38.159554,38.159989,38.160246,38.160276,38.16036,38.160458,38.160646,38.161083,38.161848,38.162045,38.162385,38.1628,38.162966,38.163207,38.163353,38.163296,38.16286,38.162763,38.162512,38.162244,38.162063,38.161978,38.161912,38.16186,38.161835,38.161807,38.161799,38.161792,38.161796,38.161811,38.161815,38.16181,38.161789,38.161753,38.16172,38.161717,38.161727,38.161746,38.161842,38.161853,38.161873,38.161878,38.161873,38.161851,38.161821,38.161728,38.161708,38.161626,38.161545,38.161456,38.161379,38.161197,38.160743,38.160544,38.160352,38.160022,38.15997,38.159901,38.159843,38.159802,38.159759,38.159607,38.159578,38.15952,38.159452,38.159369,38.159277,38.159159,38.15901,38.158837,38.158706,38.158578,38.158308,38.15816,38.158081,38.157948,38.157817,38.157574,38.157514,38.157227,38.157077,38.156833,38.15672,38.1566,38.156524,38.156418,38.156294,38.15593,38.155766,38.155503,38.155403,38.155328,38.155133,38.15505,38.154956,38.154746,38.154517,38.153938,38.15385,38.153729,38.153617,38.153373,38.153182,38.152875,38.152549,38.15226,38.15171,38.151512,38.15128,38.151222,38.151163,38.151128,38.151104,38.151099,38.151109,38.151128,38.151162,38.151181,38.151249,38.151294,38.151318,38.151339,38.151339,38.151319,38.151279,38.151233,38.151156,38.151069,38.150997,38.150899,38.150779,38.150671,38.150552,38.150425,38.149832,38.149407,38.149269,38.149126,38.148835,38.14828,38.148139,38.147974,38.147861,38.147679,38.14757,38.147441,38.147324,38.147247,38.14716,38.147104,38.147029,38.146947,38.146861,38.146753,38.146658,38.146551,38.146407,38.146303,38.146112,38.145879,38.145764,38.145601,38.145428,38.145162,38.144953,38.144806,38.14468,38.144552,38.144421,38.144277,38.144125,38.144007,38.143864,38.143753,38.143633,38.143515,38.143375,38.142975,38.142794,38.142562,38.142249,38.14209,38.141927,38.141711,38.14162,38.14132,38.141169,38.140978,38.140751,38.140496,38.140242,38.13922,38.138995,38.138856,38.138646,38.138474,38.138341,38.138157,38.137843,38.137631,38.137584,38.13755,38.137501,38.137467,38.137438,38.13742,38.137407,38.137152,38.137064,38.136944,38.136851,38.136677,38.136591,38.136482,38.136309,38.136062,38.135919,38.13585,38.135754,38.135682,38.135604,38.135444,38.135311,38.135161,38.134761,38.134397,38.13397,38.133095,38.132233,38.131842,38.130688,38.130569,38.130407,38.130319,38.130179,38.130075,38.129953,38.129607,38.128416,38.128325,38.12827,38.128086,38.127902,38.127786,38.127691,38.127606,38.127566,38.127566,38.127579,38.127603,38.127651,38.12779,38.127879,38.128006,38.128069,38.128069,38.12906,38.129975,38.131363,38.131542,38.131718,38.131822,38.132048,38.132269,38.13257,38.132926,38.133384,38.133655,38.133777,38.133856,38.133916,38.134086,38.134229,38.134342,38.134464,38.134625,38.13472,38.134831,38.134947,38.135111,38.135362,38.135509,38.135977,38.136275,38.136807,38.13891,38.139672,38.139904,38.140268,38.14062,38.140824,38.141212,38.141733,38.141845,38.141963,38.142063,38.142163,38.142325,38.14281,38.142998,38.143125,38.144132,38.144272,38.144421,38.14469,38.144827,38.144895,38.145124,38.145394,38.14557,38.145651,38.145901,38.146055,38.146937,38.147052,38.147252,38.147354,38.147532,38.147676,38.14782,38.147966,38.1483,38.148408,38.148581,38.148802,38.148988,38.149149,38.149294,38.149426,38.149582,38.150041,38.15031,38.150817,38.150899,38.151013,38.151124,38.151275,38.151516,38.151668,38.151826,38.151975,38.152217,38.153289,38.153666,38.153806,38.153973,38.15413,38.154251,38.15476,38.154898,38.155136,38.155315,38.155492,38.155645,38.155805,38.155952,38.156196,38.15664,38.156876,38.157077,38.157249,38.1574,38.157479,38.157577,38.157664,38.15777,38.157912,38.157933,38.158094,38.158206,38.158334,38.158482,38.158634,38.158795,38.159038,38.159262,38.15951,38.160044,38.160345,38.160461,38.160666,38.160845,38.160982,38.161365,38.162082,38.162342,38.162716,38.162805,38.163189,38.163615,38.163827,38.164374,38.165382,38.166102,38.166227,38.16632,38.166472,38.16709,38.167542,38.168056,38.168996,38.169201,38.169422,38.169617,38.16988,38.170375,38.170587,38.170675,38.170824,38.17099,38.171142,38.171788,38.172404,38.172574,38.172647,38.172734,38.172892,38.172943,38.173047,38.173442,38.173954,38.174171,38.174518]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.447037,-78.446798,-78.446312,-78.445798,-78.445154,-78.444962,-78.444846,-78.444804,-78.444601,-78.443727,-78.442868,-78.442418,-78.44215,-78.441901,-78.441836,-78.44199,-78.44245,-78.44257,-78.442771,-78.442982,-78.442941,-78.4429,-78.442512,-78.442028,-78.441418,-78.440619,-78.440179,-78.439816,-78.438868,-78.437695,-78.436195,-78.43525,-78.43432,-78.434104,-78.434079,-78.434027,-78.433986,-78.433928,-78.433846,-78.433787,-78.433325,-78.433067,-78.43286,-78.432467,-78.431945,-78.431174,-78.431049,-78.430866,-78.430719,-78.430598,-78.43048,-78.430278,-78.430099,-78.429969,-78.429786,-78.429564,-78.429388,-78.429214,-78.429137,-78.429052,-78.428968,-78.428926,-78.428883,-78.428856,-78.428846,-78.428849,-78.428841,-78.428805,-78.428762,-78.428684,-78.428568,-78.428439,-78.428294,-78.428124,-78.427991,-78.427327,-78.426269,-78.425836,-78.425603,-78.425269,-78.425127,-78.425054,-78.424819,-78.42456,-78.424255,-78.423918,-78.423759,-78.423612,-78.423519,-78.423071,-78.423142,-78.423207,-78.423297,-78.423316,-78.423349,-78.423358,-78.423352,-78.423319,-78.423159,-78.423055,-78.423035,-78.423031,-78.423044,-78.423123,-78.423198,-78.423305,-78.423413,-78.423547,-78.423716,-78.423872,-78.423986,-78.424084,-78.424294,-78.42436,-78.424479,-78.424499,-78.424501,-78.42448,-78.424489,-78.424554,-78.424098,-78.423176,-78.421991,-78.421639,-78.421339,-78.420841,-78.42032,-78.419582,-78.419363,-78.418921,-78.418441,-78.417983,-78.417433,-78.416702,-78.416486,-78.415708,-78.415202,-78.414219,-78.414091,-78.413585,-78.413399,-78.413017,-78.412603,-78.411684,-78.410727,-78.410295,-78.410036,-78.409724,-78.409483,-78.408796,-78.408299,-78.407262,-78.406297,-78.405797,-78.405159,-78.403162,-78.402309,-78.401863,-78.401777,-78.401705,-78.400686,-78.399682,-78.39835,-78.397743,-78.397336,-78.396842,-78.396238,-78.395115,-78.39406,-78.393397,-78.392684,-78.391659,-78.390379,-78.389091,-78.388065,-78.387103,-78.385628,-78.384167,-78.382891,-78.382296,-78.381966,-78.381648,-78.381294,-78.380388,-78.379539,-78.378975,-78.37854,-78.377497,-78.376522,-78.375783,-78.374912,-78.374376,-78.373962,-78.373128,-78.371953,-78.37137,-78.370891,-78.370396,-78.369897,-78.369265,-78.368747,-78.368082,-78.367269,-78.365937,-78.364883,-78.364034,-78.363511,-78.362927,-78.362373,-78.361946,-78.361378,-78.360879,-78.360304,-78.359732,-78.358894,-78.358279,-78.357487,-78.356634,-78.354286,-78.353175,-78.351604,-78.351166,-78.350227,-78.34906,-78.348234,-78.347593,-78.347062,-78.346288,-78.345688,-78.345088,-78.344217,-78.343581,-78.34287,-78.342554,-78.341367,-78.341062,-78.339786,-78.339399,-78.339182,-78.338788,-78.338281,-78.337713,-78.337255,-78.336859,-78.336325,-78.335738,-78.335255,-78.334699,-78.334128,-78.333371,-78.332788,-78.332451,-78.332212,-78.332161,-78.33213,-78.330853,-78.330123,-78.330085,-78.329993,-78.32934,-78.329156,-78.327454,-78.326903,-78.324239,-78.324183,-78.323636,-78.323263,-78.322332,-78.322094,-78.321974,-78.321721,-78.320705,-78.317918,-78.317063,-78.314635,-78.311912,-78.311665,-78.311355,-78.310701,-78.310022,-78.307372,-78.305311,-78.299653,-78.299464,-78.2987,-78.297828,-78.296855,-78.296588,-78.296243,-78.295855,-78.292945,-78.292318,-78.291395,-78.291246,-78.291005,-78.29008,-78.289001,-78.283897,-78.281118,-78.27735,-78.276876,-78.275339,-78.274406,-78.272871,-78.26979,-78.26926,-78.265509,-78.262319,-78.261957,-78.256818,-78.255846,-78.251898,-78.240784,-78.239629,-78.238757,-78.236434,-78.232831,-78.221767,-78.21248,-78.211796,-78.209384,-78.210146,-78.210942,-78.211645,-78.211781,-78.212083,-78.212246,-78.215227,-78.221143,-78.221905,-78.223426,-78.224308,-78.226505,-78.22682,-78.227306,-78.227789,-78.228991,-78.23278,-78.236723,-78.241693,-78.242229,-78.243721,-78.243797,-78.244435,-78.247285,-78.251825,-78.252895,-78.253662,-78.253686,-78.253989,-78.257329,-78.259608,-78.259769,-78.259842,-78.262106,-78.262995,-78.265879,-78.269683,-78.271446,-78.274773,-78.275381,-78.276507,-78.277469,-78.277636,-78.278374,-78.278492,-78.278935,-78.279001,-78.279137,-78.280679,-78.283595,-78.28492,-78.284962,-78.287237,-78.289254,-78.291825,-78.293178,-78.295032,-78.296122,-78.296879,-78.298663,-78.299727,-78.303075,-78.303899,-78.305779,-78.306466,-78.306763,-78.306866,-78.30776,-78.30795,-78.308791,-78.309321,-78.309789,-78.310007,-78.310235,-78.312329,-78.31297,-78.313229,-78.314461,-78.315347,-78.315715,-78.316855,-78.319529,-78.320173,-78.320252,-78.320306,-78.324537,-78.324615,-78.324794,-78.325385,-78.32666,-78.327541,-78.327659,-78.329113,-78.33009,-78.330652,-78.331474,-78.331591,-78.331968,-78.332699,-78.332976,-78.333022,-78.333154,-78.333834,-78.334079,-78.334909,-78.335476,-78.335723,-78.336019,-78.33652,-78.336879,-78.337141,-78.337507,-78.337766,-78.338249,-78.338815,-78.339259,-78.340997,-78.343614,-78.344952,-78.345404,-78.3472,-78.348114,-78.349403,-78.349934,-78.350968,-78.351509,-78.352768,-78.353678,-78.354007,-78.355319,-78.356042,-78.357176,-78.357687,-78.358014,-78.358417,-78.35878,-78.358899,-78.359944,-78.360335,-78.361257,-78.36191,-78.36205,-78.362505,-78.363654,-78.36449,-78.365316,-78.366106,-78.3664,-78.366565,-78.367002,-78.368377,-78.369068,-78.369499,-78.370512,-78.371226,-78.371652,-78.372005,-78.372307,-78.372752,-78.373076,-78.373346,-78.373585,-78.373686,-78.374052,-78.374326,-78.374871,-78.375457,-78.376433,-78.377188,-78.378537,-78.37876,-78.378895,-78.379426,-78.38174,-78.382474,-78.383043,-78.384131,-78.386345,-78.386968,-78.389403,-78.389843,-78.391549,-78.392958,-78.393322,-78.393357,-78.393511,-78.393699,-78.394012,-78.394147,-78.394268,-78.394376,-78.394482,-78.395122,-78.395398,-78.395905,-78.397189,-78.397478,-78.397706,-78.397927,-78.398457,-78.399058,-78.40054,-78.400762,-78.401011,-78.40123,-78.401495,-78.401764,-78.402049,-78.402384,-78.402654,-78.402951,-78.403239,-78.403705,-78.403963,-78.404452,-78.405131,-78.406896,-78.40997,-78.410328,-78.411945,-78.412227,-78.412818,-78.413047,-78.413431,-78.41402,-78.414407,-78.414834,-78.415261,-78.41536,-78.415714,-78.416632,-78.417603,-78.418562,-78.421237,-78.422503,-78.422861,-78.423681,-78.424482,-78.424744,-78.424749,-78.424783,-78.424783,-78.4247,-78.424629,-78.424617,-78.424533,-78.424325,-78.424138,-78.423943,-78.42377,-78.423638,-78.423603,-78.423603,-78.423624,-78.423665,-78.423749,-78.423776,-78.423776,-78.423762,-78.423693,-78.423676,-78.423499,-78.423339,-78.423155,-78.42313,-78.423019,-78.422954,-78.422903,-78.422888,-78.422665,-78.42252,-78.422492,-78.422436,-78.422276,-78.422165,-78.422172,-78.422214,-78.422217,-78.42229,-78.422269,-78.42222,-78.422144,-78.421943,-78.421845,-78.421776,-78.421658,-78.421547,-78.421248,-78.421262,-78.42147,-78.421588,-78.421588,-78.421456,-78.421289,-78.42122,-78.421206,-78.421178,-78.421178,-78.421254,-78.42122,-78.42097,-78.420858,-78.420817,-78.420775,-78.420754,-78.42065,-78.420566,-78.420546,-78.420504,-78.420518,-78.420629,-78.420656,-78.420566,-78.420441,-78.420288,-78.420115,-78.420011,-78.419629,-78.419497,-78.419441,-78.419344,-78.41933,-78.419365,-78.419427,-78.419469,-78.419454,-78.419318,-78.419142,-78.418919,-78.418763,-78.418656,-78.416286,-78.415905,-78.414638,-78.414342,-78.413387,-78.412973,-78.412471,-78.411677,-78.411005,-78.410762,-78.410532,-78.409784,-78.409067,-78.408289,-78.407511,-78.406137,-78.405496,-78.404352,-78.403055,-78.401834,-78.400781,-78.399759,-78.399179,-78.398342,-78.397643,-78.397126,-78.396717,-78.396383,-78.396109,-78.395942,-78.395699,-78.39518,-78.394488,-78.393613,-78.391925,-78.390382,-78.38935,-78.38867,-78.388208,-78.387856,-78.387188,-78.385962,-78.38482,-78.38363,-78.382537,-78.381407,-78.380014,-78.379004,-78.377911,-78.377038,-78.376809,-78.376753,-78.376621,-78.376488,-78.376398,-78.376356,-78.375821,-78.376134,-78.37678,-78.380078,-78.380529,-78.381174,-78.381431,-78.381584,-78.381966,-78.382417,-78.382695,-78.382903,-78.383056,-78.383174,-78.383347,-78.383805,-78.384034,-78.384325,-78.384457,-78.384526,-78.38461,-78.384755,-78.384991,-78.385137,-78.385317,-78.385526,-78.385595,-78.385762,-78.385977,-78.386178,-78.386477,-78.386803,-78.387025,-78.387282,-78.387553,-78.388087,-78.388448,-78.388684,-78.388989,-78.389246,-78.389295,-78.389628,-78.389912,-78.390433,-78.390662,-78.391725,-78.392322,-78.392803,-78.392919,-78.393419,-78.393551,-78.393961,-78.394107,-78.39414,-78.394177,-78.394244,-78.394325,-78.394413,-78.394504,-78.394789,-78.394825,-78.394852,-78.394853,-78.394878,-78.394905,-78.394939,-78.395061,-78.395121,-78.39521,-78.395288,-78.39546,-78.395666,-78.396023,-78.396188,-78.396348,-78.396533,-78.396863,-78.397067,-78.397148,-78.39717,-78.39721,-78.397368,-78.397493,-78.397646,-78.397923,-78.398186,-78.398944,-78.399029,-78.399835,-78.399931,-78.400225,-78.400301,-78.400838,-78.400929,-78.401032,-78.401181,-78.401414,-78.401591,-78.401667,-78.401787,-78.401896,-78.401959,-78.401999,-78.402033,-78.402059,-78.402081,-78.402096,-78.402177,-78.402218,-78.402256,-78.402341,-78.402305,-78.402319,-78.402472,-78.402625,-78.402749,-78.40293,-78.403062,-78.403236,-78.403451,-78.403695,-78.403729,-78.40384,-78.403812,-78.403888,-78.403978,-78.404089,-78.404186,-78.404277,-78.40461,-78.404721,-78.404818,-78.405006,-78.405145,-78.405207,-78.405444,-78.405596,-78.405957,-78.406499,-78.406635,-78.406978,-78.407124,-78.407374,-78.407533,-78.407658,-78.40786,-78.408207,-78.408464,-78.408707,-78.408894,-78.40911,-78.409276,-78.409756,-78.410276,-78.410388,-78.41045,-78.410596,-78.410665,-78.41091,-78.41104,-78.411151,-78.411263,-78.411408,-78.41154,-78.411645,-78.41186,-78.411978,-78.412145,-78.412818,-78.41311,-78.413971,-78.414235,-78.414485,-78.415027,-78.415722,-78.415854,-78.416041,-78.416263,-78.416499,-78.41677,-78.417319,-78.417485,-78.417603,-78.417874,-78.418347,-78.418789,-78.419048,-78.419389,-78.420194,-78.420924,-78.421542,-78.422118,-78.422452,-78.422903,-78.423237,-78.423577,-78.423841,-78.424279,-78.424391,-78.424556,-78.424751,-78.425161,-78.425348,-78.425563,-78.426279,-78.426557,-78.426709,-78.426925,-78.42705,-78.427543,-78.427758,-78.427953,-78.428064,-78.428529,-78.428946,-78.429162,-78.429321,-78.429516,-78.430349,-78.431294,-78.431676,-78.432065,-78.432253,-78.432693,-78.432753,-78.432982,-78.433043,-78.433128,-78.433336,-78.4336,-78.43385,-78.434065,-78.434468,-78.434593,-78.434892,-78.435413,-78.436392,-78.436566,-78.43701,-78.437462,-78.437906,-78.438129,-78.438407,-78.438504,-78.43867,-78.438858,-78.43908,-78.439323,-78.439508,-78.439558,-78.439468,-78.43976,-78.43987,-78.439964,-78.440501,-78.440772,-78.441729,-78.441992,-78.442102,-78.442739,-78.44314,-78.444142,-78.444662,-78.444798,-78.444909,-78.445947,-78.446303,-78.446561,-78.44683,-78.446972,-78.447037],"lat":[38.07944,38.08024,38.080896,38.082056,38.082979,38.083968,38.08406,38.084236,38.084497,38.085205,38.085662,38.085778,38.085921,38.086175,38.086638,38.087168,38.087724,38.087869,38.088007,38.088247,38.088296,38.088355,38.088988,38.089766,38.090734,38.091693,38.092088,38.092467,38.093229,38.094108,38.095217,38.095904,38.096609,38.096798,38.096782,38.096738,38.096719,38.096707,38.096711,38.096705,38.09663,38.09656,38.096486,38.096281,38.095989,38.095578,38.095525,38.095464,38.095431,38.095414,38.095405,38.095416,38.095441,38.09547,38.095528,38.095618,38.095707,38.095815,38.095873,38.095953,38.096064,38.096143,38.096269,38.096397,38.096554,38.096773,38.097096,38.097293,38.097449,38.097637,38.097866,38.098076,38.09828,38.09846,38.098581,38.099099,38.099954,38.10032,38.100571,38.100987,38.101189,38.101306,38.101731,38.102242,38.102821,38.103423,38.103667,38.103866,38.103986,38.104531,38.104594,38.104666,38.104795,38.104833,38.10493,38.105019,38.10509,38.105179,38.105448,38.105598,38.105663,38.105729,38.105803,38.106021,38.106183,38.106372,38.106531,38.106694,38.106888,38.107096,38.107278,38.107463,38.107816,38.107943,38.10821,38.108296,38.108383,38.108578,38.108651,38.108836,38.109138,38.109734,38.110538,38.110796,38.111009,38.111365,38.111787,38.112449,38.112648,38.113051,38.113491,38.113931,38.114433,38.115122,38.11535,38.11605,38.116537,38.117416,38.117531,38.118021,38.118219,38.118573,38.118966,38.1198,38.120689,38.121105,38.121345,38.12165,38.121877,38.122661,38.123117,38.124068,38.125003,38.125262,38.12592,38.127739,38.12857,38.128967,38.129042,38.12911,38.130107,38.131011,38.132283,38.132843,38.133187,38.133565,38.134006,38.13457,38.135138,38.135481,38.135884,38.136392,38.137118,38.137799,38.138378,38.13889,38.139692,38.140469,38.141128,38.141483,38.141649,38.141816,38.142027,38.142522,38.142954,38.143267,38.143518,38.144131,38.144672,38.145027,38.145513,38.145829,38.146063,38.146478,38.147124,38.147376,38.147555,38.147696,38.147811,38.147891,38.147915,38.147926,38.147901,38.147856,38.14783,38.147808,38.147799,38.147814,38.147872,38.147939,38.14807,38.14823,38.148476,38.148755,38.149304,38.149732,38.150286,38.1509,38.152579,38.153366,38.154475,38.154798,38.155446,38.156303,38.157025,38.157703,38.158396,38.159486,38.160291,38.161113,38.162302,38.16319,38.164176,38.164539,38.166175,38.166597,38.168296,38.168903,38.169161,38.169712,38.170425,38.171187,38.171765,38.172116,38.172546,38.172891,38.173131,38.173351,38.173537,38.173703,38.173809,38.173829,38.173754,38.173736,38.173725,38.173274,38.173016,38.173004,38.172973,38.172753,38.172692,38.17212,38.171935,38.171028,38.171009,38.170823,38.170696,38.170379,38.170298,38.170257,38.170171,38.169825,38.168876,38.168584,38.167698,38.166801,38.16672,38.166617,38.16641,38.166195,38.165353,38.164702,38.162909,38.162843,38.162572,38.162263,38.161919,38.161824,38.161702,38.161565,38.160541,38.160313,38.159986,38.159933,38.159848,38.159521,38.159156,38.157399,38.156446,38.155165,38.155004,38.154482,38.154166,38.153642,38.152597,38.152416,38.151056,38.149899,38.149768,38.147905,38.147552,38.146121,38.142352,38.141944,38.141636,38.140813,38.139526,38.13555,38.132235,38.13199,38.131128,38.129944,38.128711,38.127618,38.127409,38.126938,38.126685,38.122057,38.112864,38.111703,38.109312,38.107955,38.104537,38.104048,38.103292,38.102542,38.100671,38.094788,38.088832,38.081339,38.080533,38.078291,38.078171,38.077206,38.072917,38.066075,38.064462,38.063306,38.06327,38.062813,38.059536,38.05731,38.05715,38.057073,38.054849,38.053983,38.051154,38.047433,38.045697,38.042429,38.041677,38.040274,38.039075,38.038867,38.03795,38.037803,38.037252,38.03717,38.037001,38.035088,38.031456,38.029806,38.029761,38.027332,38.025177,38.022431,38.020989,38.019005,38.017844,38.017034,38.015129,38.013993,38.010414,38.009535,38.007526,38.006794,38.006474,38.006364,38.005342,38.005122,38.004158,38.003553,38.003014,38.002767,38.002502,38.000101,37.999364,37.999067,37.997655,37.996638,37.996219,37.994909,37.991842,37.991104,37.991013,37.990953,37.986103,37.986009,37.986037,37.986126,37.986314,37.986446,37.986464,37.986679,37.986825,37.986911,37.987038,37.987056,37.987121,37.987266,37.987327,37.987338,37.987369,37.987539,37.987608,37.987855,37.988041,37.988132,37.988236,37.988428,37.988575,37.988688,37.988854,37.988976,37.989211,37.989488,37.989715,37.990583,37.991905,37.99258,37.992805,37.993705,37.994163,37.994806,37.995074,37.995595,37.995871,37.996512,37.996966,37.997132,37.997789,37.998153,37.998732,37.998995,37.999173,37.999393,37.999605,37.999675,38.000294,38.000517,38.001049,38.001434,38.001516,38.001781,38.00245,38.002937,38.00342,38.003882,38.004052,38.004147,38.004407,38.005204,38.005611,38.005862,38.006452,38.006873,38.007121,38.007326,38.007496,38.007729,38.007876,38.007981,38.008063,38.008093,38.008201,38.00827,38.008387,38.008497,38.008672,38.008818,38.009067,38.009107,38.009132,38.009231,38.009662,38.009799,38.009902,38.010099,38.010514,38.010633,38.011082,38.011163,38.01148,38.011741,38.011815,38.011822,38.011863,38.011927,38.012065,38.012139,38.012216,38.012291,38.012366,38.01284,38.013044,38.013428,38.014379,38.014568,38.014705,38.014828,38.015096,38.015379,38.01612,38.016231,38.016345,38.016431,38.016522,38.0166,38.016666,38.016724,38.01676,38.016787,38.016797,38.016787,38.016769,38.016715,38.016624,38.016342,38.015818,38.015757,38.015479,38.015434,38.015339,38.015308,38.015269,38.01523,38.015222,38.015225,38.015244,38.015251,38.015279,38.015366,38.015461,38.015553,38.01581,38.015945,38.015991,38.01611,38.016231,38.016272,38.016499,38.016839,38.017075,38.017355,38.017454,38.017471,38.017559,38.017685,38.017784,38.017959,38.018206,38.018514,38.018772,38.019096,38.019255,38.019337,38.019574,38.019744,38.019925,38.020029,38.020227,38.020249,38.020474,38.020738,38.021215,38.021281,38.021479,38.021546,38.0216,38.021616,38.02194,38.022296,38.022363,38.022906,38.02328,38.02362,38.023878,38.024169,38.024186,38.024559,38.024823,38.025009,38.025152,38.025426,38.025679,38.025997,38.026338,38.026492,38.026997,38.027123,38.027557,38.027919,38.028095,38.028353,38.028616,38.028842,38.029259,38.029463,38.029616,38.030319,38.030434,38.030752,38.030923,38.03112,38.031406,38.031675,38.032317,38.032504,38.03269,38.032921,38.033093,38.033404,38.033657,38.033849,38.033992,38.034113,38.034272,38.034321,38.034612,38.034788,38.034925,38.035227,38.035403,38.035683,38.035957,38.036281,38.036551,38.036762,38.036993,38.0371,38.037158,38.037267,38.040134,38.040111,38.040097,38.040097,38.040098,38.040208,38.040341,38.040769,38.041257,38.041469,38.041623,38.041989,38.042157,38.042119,38.041775,38.041531,38.041455,38.041424,38.041447,38.041661,38.041928,38.042264,38.042546,38.042793,38.043108,38.043698,38.044356,38.044779,38.045006,38.045058,38.045118,38.045102,38.045035,38.045189,38.045652,38.046145,38.046424,38.046704,38.046955,38.047197,38.04738,38.047891,38.048229,38.048683,38.049358,38.049909,38.050489,38.050809,38.051031,38.051166,38.051178,38.051191,38.051206,38.051207,38.051198,38.051186,38.05107,38.051268,38.051752,38.053964,38.054206,38.054519,38.054629,38.054739,38.054843,38.054904,38.05503,38.055113,38.055245,38.055388,38.055679,38.056299,38.056547,38.056827,38.05703,38.057195,38.057294,38.05742,38.057673,38.057799,38.057914,38.058244,38.058288,38.058354,38.058409,38.058475,38.058601,38.058755,38.058821,38.058915,38.059046,38.059387,38.059673,38.060008,38.06026,38.060458,38.060546,38.060936,38.061161,38.061354,38.061447,38.0617,38.061761,38.061779,38.061783,38.06164,38.061531,38.06124,38.061095,38.061089,38.06111,38.06114,38.061168,38.061183,38.061183,38.061139,38.061391,38.061734,38.062167,38.062617,38.062765,38.062882,38.063121,38.063213,38.063321,38.063398,38.063534,38.063668,38.063839,38.063922,38.064026,38.064167,38.064445,38.064616,38.064689,38.064709,38.064736,38.064824,38.064878,38.064926,38.064982,38.065016,38.065162,38.065174,38.065395,38.065427,38.065566,38.065611,38.066014,38.06606,38.066092,38.066121,38.066156,38.066198,38.066223,38.066276,38.066342,38.066394,38.066435,38.066493,38.066577,38.066698,38.066913,38.066875,38.066873,38.066885,38.066941,38.066992,38.067211,38.067337,38.067431,38.067716,38.06787,38.067903,38.067914,38.067958,38.068089,38.068107,38.068282,38.068524,38.068744,38.068848,38.069101,38.069265,38.069326,38.069463,38.069458,38.069408,38.069282,38.06926,38.069238,38.069271,38.069348,38.069507,38.069799,38.069896,38.070205,38.070282,38.070458,38.070655,38.070859,38.071012,38.071188,38.071397,38.071573,38.071633,38.071622,38.071628,38.071677,38.071765,38.071842,38.071941,38.072045,38.072078,38.072111,38.072128,38.072172,38.072254,38.072348,38.072375,38.07237,38.072221,38.072117,38.072057,38.072068,38.072178,38.072392,38.072442,38.072458,38.07242,38.072491,38.07259,38.072755,38.072909,38.073096,38.073227,38.073436,38.073562,38.073606,38.073661,38.073683,38.073665,38.073656,38.073607,38.073442,38.073387,38.07342,38.073508,38.073519,38.073492,38.073426,38.073388,38.073344,38.073333,38.073344,38.07336,38.073443,38.073652,38.073728,38.073794,38.073937,38.07402,38.074086,38.074091,38.074053,38.073712,38.073493,38.073312,38.073224,38.07301,38.072631,38.072554,38.072527,38.072455,38.072027,38.071511,38.071319,38.071621,38.071692,38.071808,38.071824,38.071862,38.071883,38.071912,38.072011,38.072214,38.072329,38.072395,38.072477,38.072532,38.07262,38.072736,38.072862,38.072895,38.072944,38.072983,38.072999,38.073027,38.073005,38.072961,38.072736,38.072593,38.072456,38.072362,38.072304,38.072584,38.073152,38.073884,38.074009,38.074082,38.0745,38.074539,38.07504,38.075115,38.07524,38.075514,38.07579,38.076298,38.076664,38.076683,38.076808,38.077358,38.077627,38.077919,38.078357,38.078741,38.07944]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.481031,-78.480884,-78.480751,-78.480161,-78.479212,-78.479152,-78.479084,-78.478445,-78.47732,-78.477131,-78.476926,-78.47674,-78.475763,-78.475674,-78.475483,-78.475327,-78.47527,-78.475249,-78.475109,-78.474959,-78.474414,-78.474243,-78.474145,-78.472624,-78.472478,-78.472202,-78.471996,-78.470174,-78.469504,-78.468992,-78.468884,-78.468692,-78.468612,-78.469202,-78.468991,-78.468749,-78.467685,-78.467009,-78.466928,-78.466143,-78.466024,-78.465929,-78.46581,-78.465725,-78.46532,-78.465294,-78.465284,-78.464853,-78.464065,-78.46368,-78.463634,-78.463562,-78.463466,-78.46335,-78.46323,-78.463158,-78.46256,-78.462674,-78.462549,-78.462531,-78.46241,-78.462117,-78.462108,-78.462078,-78.462089,-78.461963,-78.461447,-78.46114,-78.460874,-78.460228,-78.459795,-78.45951,-78.45908,-78.458823,-78.458372,-78.458184,-78.457945,-78.457733,-78.457448,-78.457147,-78.456868,-78.456791,-78.456658,-78.456589,-78.456133,-78.454861,-78.45484,-78.454668,-78.454752,-78.454649,-78.454296,-78.453977,-78.453785,-78.453633,-78.453455,-78.453001,-78.452366,-78.452049,-78.451907,-78.451841,-78.451782,-78.451761,-78.451696,-78.451095,-78.450971,-78.450375,-78.450025,-78.449409,-78.448937,-78.448759,-78.448634,-78.448402,-78.448376,-78.448302,-78.448053,-78.44798,-78.4478,-78.447733,-78.447411,-78.447145,-78.446829,-78.446665,-78.445091,-78.443364,-78.443065,-78.442918,-78.442511,-78.442002,-78.441855,-78.441493,-78.440939,-78.439139,-78.438209,-78.436517,-78.435353,-78.434268,-78.434161,-78.433881,-78.433437,-78.431519,-78.431248,-78.431041,-78.430318,-78.429757,-78.429656,-78.429586,-78.429572,-78.429538,-78.429406,-78.429239,-78.428767,-78.428601,-78.428309,-78.428163,-78.427893,-78.427601,-78.426914,-78.426602,-78.426338,-78.426102,-78.425894,-78.425033,-78.424867,-78.424735,-78.424744,-78.424482,-78.423681,-78.422861,-78.422503,-78.421237,-78.418562,-78.417603,-78.416632,-78.415714,-78.41536,-78.415261,-78.414834,-78.414407,-78.41402,-78.413431,-78.413047,-78.412818,-78.412227,-78.411945,-78.410328,-78.40997,-78.406896,-78.405131,-78.404452,-78.403963,-78.403705,-78.403239,-78.402951,-78.402654,-78.402384,-78.402049,-78.401764,-78.401495,-78.40123,-78.401011,-78.400762,-78.40054,-78.399058,-78.398457,-78.397927,-78.397706,-78.397478,-78.397189,-78.395905,-78.395398,-78.395122,-78.394482,-78.394376,-78.394268,-78.394147,-78.394012,-78.393699,-78.393511,-78.393357,-78.393322,-78.392958,-78.391549,-78.389843,-78.389403,-78.386968,-78.386345,-78.384131,-78.383043,-78.382474,-78.38174,-78.379426,-78.378895,-78.37876,-78.378537,-78.377188,-78.376433,-78.375457,-78.374871,-78.374326,-78.374052,-78.373686,-78.373585,-78.373346,-78.373076,-78.372752,-78.372307,-78.372005,-78.371652,-78.371226,-78.370512,-78.369499,-78.369068,-78.368377,-78.367002,-78.366565,-78.3664,-78.366106,-78.365316,-78.36449,-78.363654,-78.362505,-78.36205,-78.36191,-78.361257,-78.360335,-78.359944,-78.358899,-78.35878,-78.358417,-78.358014,-78.357687,-78.357176,-78.356042,-78.355319,-78.354007,-78.353678,-78.352768,-78.351509,-78.350968,-78.349934,-78.349403,-78.348114,-78.3472,-78.345404,-78.344952,-78.343614,-78.340997,-78.339259,-78.338815,-78.338249,-78.337766,-78.337507,-78.337141,-78.336879,-78.33652,-78.336019,-78.335723,-78.335476,-78.334909,-78.334079,-78.333834,-78.333154,-78.333022,-78.332976,-78.332699,-78.331968,-78.331591,-78.331474,-78.330652,-78.33009,-78.329113,-78.327659,-78.327541,-78.32666,-78.325385,-78.324794,-78.324615,-78.324924,-78.325248,-78.325332,-78.326269,-78.326485,-78.327141,-78.329028,-78.330156,-78.330335,-78.333397,-78.335938,-78.336,-78.337923,-78.344588,-78.345487,-78.349329,-78.351083,-78.351164,-78.351263,-78.353657,-78.3605,-78.360683,-78.366568,-78.366615,-78.367304,-78.367466,-78.367527,-78.367565,-78.367848,-78.368096,-78.368749,-78.36929,-78.369342,-78.3694,-78.369448,-78.369491,-78.369515,-78.369522,-78.369508,-78.369476,-78.369403,-78.369265,-78.369218,-78.369184,-78.369174,-78.369169,-78.36918,-78.369211,-78.369245,-78.36926,-78.369353,-78.36948,-78.369963,-78.369987,-78.37024,-78.370267,-78.370363,-78.370438,-78.370578,-78.370624,-78.370686,-78.370763,-78.370864,-78.370949,-78.371038,-78.371174,-78.371276,-78.371353,-78.371588,-78.371716,-78.371849,-78.371986,-78.372127,-78.372248,-78.372397,-78.372838,-78.373299,-78.373495,-78.373695,-78.373862,-78.374093,-78.374279,-78.37444,-78.374581,-78.374719,-78.37485,-78.375321,-78.375368,-78.375735,-78.376241,-78.376549,-78.376772,-78.376865,-78.377163,-78.377349,-78.377586,-78.37771,-78.378681,-78.379147,-78.380588,-78.380892,-78.38101,-78.3811,-78.381163,-78.381239,-78.381307,-78.381319,-78.381347,-78.381362,-78.381358,-78.381347,-78.381307,-78.381263,-78.381126,-78.380773,-78.380714,-78.380675,-78.380661,-78.380664,-78.380676,-78.38071,-78.380718,-78.38073,-78.380805,-78.380848,-78.380894,-78.38097,-78.381006,-78.381111,-78.381663,-78.382587,-78.38279,-78.382987,-78.383156,-78.383495,-78.38378,-78.383958,-78.384412,-78.38521,-78.385419,-78.385617,-78.385763,-78.385969,-78.386313,-78.386479,-78.386585,-78.386657,-78.386699,-78.386723,-78.386738,-78.386759,-78.386793,-78.386835,-78.386933,-78.387004,-78.387107,-78.387175,-78.387308,-78.387566,-78.387728,-78.388039,-78.388259,-78.388417,-78.388598,-78.388707,-78.388804,-78.3891,-78.389255,-78.389506,-78.389714,-78.389997,-78.390328,-78.390658,-78.391247,-78.391559,-78.393932,-78.394364,-78.394593,-78.394875,-78.395162,-78.395919,-78.396312,-78.397522,-78.397631,-78.397795,-78.398071,-78.398346,-78.399123,-78.400134,-78.401387,-78.401666,-78.401943,-78.402398,-78.402877,-78.404112,-78.404514,-78.40489,-78.404917,-78.405396,-78.406112,-78.406378,-78.40702,-78.407197,-78.407923,-78.408795,-78.409474,-78.409693,-78.409912,-78.410151,-78.410512,-78.410624,-78.410803,-78.410946,-78.411114,-78.411279,-78.411439,-78.411587,-78.411821,-78.412465,-78.412667,-78.41293,-78.413689,-78.414335,-78.414651,-78.415599,-78.415739,-78.415864,-78.415968,-78.416045,-78.41612,-78.416161,-78.416255,-78.416425,-78.416507,-78.416592,-78.416662,-78.416742,-78.416888,-78.417026,-78.41718,-78.417244,-78.417436,-78.417565,-78.417787,-78.417868,-78.417978,-78.418268,-78.418713,-78.419088,-78.41924,-78.420209,-78.420538,-78.421502,-78.421915,-78.42242,-78.422737,-78.423578,-78.423797,-78.424053,-78.424244,-78.424608,-78.424996,-78.425263,-78.425468,-78.425912,-78.427139,-78.428949,-78.429108,-78.430156,-78.430293,-78.430503,-78.431029,-78.431149,-78.431363,-78.431569,-78.431738,-78.431929,-78.432129,-78.432332,-78.432432,-78.432495,-78.432662,-78.432803,-78.433062,-78.433252,-78.433628,-78.434034,-78.43415,-78.434281,-78.434425,-78.434582,-78.434788,-78.435084,-78.435389,-78.435576,-78.436036,-78.436471,-78.436863,-78.437047,-78.437191,-78.438142,-78.438295,-78.438552,-78.438724,-78.44083,-78.442772,-78.442877,-78.442953,-78.442989,-78.44302,-78.443053,-78.443095,-78.443115,-78.443165,-78.443312,-78.443634,-78.443887,-78.444062,-78.444374,-78.444451,-78.444555,-78.444666,-78.444711,-78.444768,-78.444851,-78.445056,-78.445451,-78.445744,-78.446119,-78.446306,-78.446536,-78.446836,-78.447114,-78.447455,-78.448061,-78.448315,-78.448704,-78.449037,-78.449418,-78.449716,-78.449805,-78.449882,-78.449954,-78.450041,-78.450088,-78.450293,-78.450332,-78.450418,-78.450447,-78.450495,-78.450561,-78.450605,-78.450686,-78.450783,-78.450894,-78.451052,-78.451163,-78.451199,-78.451261,-78.451337,-78.451386,-78.451432,-78.451529,-78.451606,-78.451751,-78.451762,-78.45176,-78.451739,-78.451657,-78.451585,-78.451402,-78.451049,-78.450779,-78.450692,-78.450667,-78.450645,-78.450642,-78.450657,-78.450683,-78.450748,-78.450835,-78.450904,-78.451048,-78.451167,-78.451364,-78.451545,-78.451886,-78.452197,-78.452614,-78.45273,-78.452937,-78.453216,-78.453898,-78.454603,-78.45471,-78.454832,-78.45494,-78.454975,-78.455055,-78.45511,-78.455137,-78.455149,-78.455146,-78.455108,-78.455102,-78.455114,-78.455142,-78.45519,-78.455233,-78.455524,-78.45592,-78.456003,-78.45615,-78.456291,-78.456334,-78.456337,-78.456347,-78.4564,-78.456463,-78.456568,-78.456643,-78.456696,-78.456763,-78.456796,-78.456884,-78.456976,-78.457596,-78.457697,-78.457775,-78.457841,-78.458135,-78.458441,-78.458542,-78.458638,-78.458759,-78.459016,-78.459298,-78.459343,-78.459407,-78.459455,-78.459536,-78.459594,-78.459669,-78.459798,-78.459938,-78.460086,-78.460313,-78.460485,-78.460628,-78.460778,-78.46101,-78.461191,-78.461378,-78.461583,-78.461781,-78.461965,-78.46243,-78.462541,-78.462572,-78.462652,-78.462749,-78.462823,-78.462888,-78.462958,-78.463017,-78.463206,-78.463277,-78.463331,-78.463402,-78.463487,-78.463562,-78.463664,-78.463731,-78.4638,-78.463918,-78.464058,-78.464172,-78.464269,-78.464314,-78.464455,-78.464603,-78.464926,-78.465081,-78.465243,-78.465841,-78.465927,-78.466361,-78.467522,-78.469506,-78.470061,-78.470384,-78.470864,-78.471179,-78.47227,-78.472786,-78.474194,-78.474435,-78.474746,-78.475039,-78.475343,-78.475584,-78.475967,-78.476127,-78.476479,-78.476741,-78.477078,-78.477398,-78.477704,-78.477928,-78.478208,-78.478579,-78.478823,-78.479262,-78.479521,-78.48078,-78.480922,-78.481101,-78.481031],"lat":[38.003978,38.004255,38.004487,38.005483,38.007067,38.007168,38.00728,38.008352,38.010225,38.010546,38.010884,38.011196,38.012833,38.012979,38.013299,38.013556,38.01365,38.013686,38.013917,38.013758,38.013165,38.01298,38.012874,38.012439,38.012396,38.012316,38.012274,38.011908,38.011745,38.013122,38.013418,38.013933,38.014146,38.014555,38.014997,38.015504,38.017892,38.018309,38.01836,38.018854,38.018929,38.018992,38.019072,38.019128,38.019394,38.019411,38.019417,38.019699,38.020192,38.020451,38.020483,38.020533,38.020609,38.020714,38.020838,38.020924,38.021754,38.021809,38.021949,38.02197,38.022109,38.022444,38.022454,38.022488,38.022528,38.022516,38.022593,38.022596,38.022598,38.022588,38.022529,38.022471,38.022352,38.022251,38.022058,38.021981,38.021882,38.021793,38.021661,38.021496,38.021288,38.021214,38.021238,38.02125,38.021339,38.021569,38.021573,38.021604,38.021054,38.020812,38.020574,38.020596,38.02061,38.020492,38.020353,38.020109,38.019716,38.019247,38.018993,38.018815,38.018602,38.01854,38.018504,38.018177,38.018073,38.018014,38.01798,38.017936,38.017902,38.017707,38.01757,38.017349,38.017318,38.017229,38.016929,38.016841,38.016312,38.016116,38.015706,38.01545,38.015404,38.015307,38.015043,38.014829,38.014713,38.014546,38.014487,38.014268,38.014102,38.014049,38.013824,38.013526,38.0135,38.013727,38.013703,38.013546,38.013603,38.013599,38.013498,38.013692,38.013652,38.013731,38.013626,38.013632,38.01388,38.014523,38.014568,38.014682,38.01483,38.014891,38.015165,38.015236,38.015302,38.015313,38.015302,38.015308,38.015363,38.015373,38.015368,38.015335,38.015319,38.015461,38.015582,38.015813,38.016272,38.016231,38.01611,38.015991,38.015945,38.01581,38.015553,38.015461,38.015366,38.015279,38.015251,38.015244,38.015225,38.015222,38.01523,38.015269,38.015308,38.015339,38.015434,38.015479,38.015757,38.015818,38.016342,38.016624,38.016715,38.016769,38.016787,38.016797,38.016787,38.01676,38.016724,38.016666,38.0166,38.016522,38.016431,38.016345,38.016231,38.01612,38.015379,38.015096,38.014828,38.014705,38.014568,38.014379,38.013428,38.013044,38.01284,38.012366,38.012291,38.012216,38.012139,38.012065,38.011927,38.011863,38.011822,38.011815,38.011741,38.01148,38.011163,38.011082,38.010633,38.010514,38.010099,38.009902,38.009799,38.009662,38.009231,38.009132,38.009107,38.009067,38.008818,38.008672,38.008497,38.008387,38.00827,38.008201,38.008093,38.008063,38.007981,38.007876,38.007729,38.007496,38.007326,38.007121,38.006873,38.006452,38.005862,38.005611,38.005204,38.004407,38.004147,38.004052,38.003882,38.00342,38.002937,38.00245,38.001781,38.001516,38.001434,38.001049,38.000517,38.000294,37.999675,37.999605,37.999393,37.999173,37.998995,37.998732,37.998153,37.997789,37.997132,37.996966,37.996512,37.995871,37.995595,37.995074,37.994806,37.994163,37.993705,37.992805,37.99258,37.991905,37.990583,37.989715,37.989488,37.989211,37.988976,37.988854,37.988688,37.988575,37.988428,37.988236,37.988132,37.988041,37.987855,37.987608,37.987539,37.987369,37.987338,37.987327,37.987266,37.987121,37.987056,37.987038,37.986911,37.986825,37.986679,37.986464,37.986446,37.986314,37.986126,37.986037,37.986009,37.985657,37.985284,37.985187,37.984113,37.983865,37.983112,37.980943,37.979668,37.979466,37.975997,37.973118,37.973046,37.970859,37.963283,37.962258,37.957888,37.955899,37.955804,37.955691,37.952967,37.945188,37.944979,37.938288,37.938356,37.939316,37.939537,37.93962,37.939673,37.940052,37.940384,37.941269,37.942025,37.942112,37.942231,37.942357,37.942515,37.942677,37.94285,37.943012,37.943192,37.943474,37.943948,37.944127,37.94429,37.944396,37.944536,37.944672,37.94484,37.944949,37.944985,37.945208,37.945452,37.946362,37.946405,37.946852,37.946914,37.947134,37.947354,37.947804,37.947874,37.947938,37.947992,37.94804,37.948065,37.948075,37.948065,37.948043,37.948016,37.94791,37.94787,37.947843,37.947831,37.947834,37.947848,37.947878,37.947992,37.948121,37.948154,37.948166,37.948161,37.948134,37.948125,37.948126,37.948142,37.948173,37.948217,37.948445,37.948468,37.948641,37.94889,37.949033,37.949152,37.949214,37.94942,37.949575,37.949803,37.949937,37.951083,37.951614,37.953304,37.953662,37.953822,37.953975,37.954112,37.954322,37.954564,37.954622,37.954795,37.95498,37.955159,37.955266,37.955497,37.955683,37.956147,37.957258,37.957481,37.957701,37.957833,37.957986,37.958182,37.958434,37.958493,37.958589,37.959146,37.959415,37.959615,37.959861,37.959952,37.96019,37.961249,37.962985,37.963343,37.963652,37.963893,37.964336,37.964652,37.964838,37.965267,37.965989,37.966199,37.966423,37.966609,37.966893,37.967399,37.967657,37.967858,37.96802,37.968172,37.968327,37.968881,37.969086,37.969244,37.969371,37.969586,37.969709,37.969858,37.969943,37.970081,37.970305,37.970433,37.970667,37.970806,37.970891,37.970973,37.971017,37.971047,37.971136,37.971171,37.97121,37.971225,37.97123,37.971223,37.971202,37.971144,37.971114,37.970919,37.970893,37.970886,37.970896,37.970922,37.971052,37.971124,37.971326,37.971339,37.971353,37.971365,37.971362,37.971321,37.971252,37.971175,37.971147,37.971109,37.971012,37.970896,37.970581,37.970497,37.970437,37.970433,37.970364,37.970268,37.970233,37.970144,37.97012,37.970024,37.969927,37.969853,37.969843,37.969847,37.969869,37.969931,37.969957,37.970011,37.970064,37.970142,37.970232,37.970334,37.970446,37.970652,37.971218,37.971395,37.971624,37.972288,37.972858,37.973129,37.973941,37.974082,37.97423,37.974379,37.974525,37.974706,37.974841,37.97522,37.975958,37.976258,37.976488,37.976638,37.976785,37.976994,37.97716,37.977317,37.977377,37.977537,37.977629,37.977763,37.977805,37.977858,37.977983,37.978155,37.978282,37.978329,37.978667,37.978784,37.979124,37.979269,37.979452,37.979567,37.979936,37.980032,37.980149,37.980232,37.980382,37.980536,37.98063,37.980703,37.980839,37.981199,37.981724,37.98177,37.982074,37.982115,37.982176,37.982332,37.98237,37.982451,37.982544,37.982634,37.982754,37.982898,37.983071,37.983168,37.983234,37.983442,37.983633,37.984,37.984284,37.984855,37.985448,37.985586,37.985716,37.985836,37.985945,37.986061,37.98621,37.986346,37.986422,37.986595,37.98676,37.986907,37.986981,37.98704,37.987424,37.987486,37.987591,37.987661,37.988519,37.989297,37.989356,37.989411,37.989449,37.989496,37.989573,37.989815,37.989905,37.990053,37.990358,37.990951,37.991431,37.991713,37.992227,37.992389,37.99261,37.992794,37.992838,37.992871,37.992895,37.992905,37.992902,37.99291,37.992939,37.992964,37.993008,37.993098,37.993188,37.993312,37.99359,37.993719,37.993916,37.994099,37.994309,37.994487,37.994549,37.994618,37.994704,37.994846,37.994926,37.995366,37.995468,37.995726,37.995846,37.996014,37.996177,37.996256,37.996367,37.996469,37.996563,37.996658,37.996734,37.996764,37.996821,37.996908,37.996979,37.99708,37.997363,37.997649,37.998355,37.998445,37.998557,37.998671,37.998889,37.999036,37.99932,37.999911,38.000431,38.000645,38.000712,38.000807,38.000904,38.001,38.001074,38.00118,38.001276,38.001332,38.001421,38.001479,38.001552,38.001606,38.001682,38.001741,38.001819,38.001847,38.001909,38.00202,38.002347,38.002701,38.002772,38.00287,38.002979,38.003026,38.003174,38.00333,38.003463,38.003589,38.003746,38.004011,38.004189,38.004263,38.004333,38.004402,38.004445,38.004654,38.004896,38.00496,38.005093,38.005288,38.005412,38.005431,38.005485,38.005616,38.005706,38.005798,38.005856,38.005895,38.005927,38.00594,38.005965,38.005975,38.005962,38.00598,38.006012,38.006055,38.006359,38.006736,38.006842,38.006924,38.007005,38.00716,38.007336,38.007377,38.007453,38.007536,38.007773,38.00788,38.007982,38.008103,38.008217,38.008322,38.00845,38.008535,38.008588,38.008629,38.008666,38.008678,38.008675,38.008654,38.008618,38.008569,38.008399,38.008366,38.00836,38.008354,38.008366,38.008392,38.00843,38.0085,38.008581,38.009002,38.009114,38.009189,38.00926,38.009321,38.009362,38.009403,38.00942,38.00943,38.009437,38.009425,38.009399,38.00936,38.00934,38.009262,38.009162,38.008944,38.008855,38.008778,38.008536,38.008505,38.008327,38.007863,38.007067,38.006815,38.006649,38.006383,38.00618,38.005432,38.005067,38.004074,38.003912,38.003719,38.003569,38.003431,38.003341,38.003215,38.003172,38.003095,38.00305,38.003011,38.00299,38.002984,38.002989,38.003009,38.003052,38.003095,38.003197,38.003275,38.003713,38.003756,38.00383,38.003978]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.627043,-78.626748,-78.626296,-78.626138,-78.625558,-78.625457,-78.625373,-78.625314,-78.625274,-78.625253,-78.625269,-78.625255,-78.625232,-78.625218,-78.625175,-78.625092,-78.624992,-78.624432,-78.624256,-78.624066,-78.623986,-78.62375,-78.62313,-78.622962,-78.622746,-78.622613,-78.622276,-78.621807,-78.621598,-78.621387,-78.621175,-78.620892,-78.620701,-78.620508,-78.620391,-78.620262,-78.620096,-78.619323,-78.618972,-78.618796,-78.618306,-78.618172,-78.618033,-78.61792,-78.617794,-78.617695,-78.61762,-78.617585,-78.617492,-78.617343,-78.617205,-78.616833,-78.616699,-78.61601,-78.615726,-78.615414,-78.615304,-78.61518,-78.615045,-78.614409,-78.614155,-78.613864,-78.613664,-78.613536,-78.61206,-78.611793,-78.61176,-78.611271,-78.610837,-78.610409,-78.610157,-78.610076,-78.608945,-78.608528,-78.60767,-78.607384,-78.607306,-78.607245,-78.606963,-78.606785,-78.606676,-78.6064,-78.606118,-78.60595,-78.605635,-78.605158,-78.605066,-78.603706,-78.602898,-78.60237,-78.602106,-78.601993,-78.601905,-78.601618,-78.601365,-78.601135,-78.600536,-78.599963,-78.599752,-78.599528,-78.599259,-78.599095,-78.599056,-78.598892,-78.598743,-78.598557,-78.597797,-78.597504,-78.597309,-78.596579,-78.5963,-78.595721,-78.595567,-78.595401,-78.595225,-78.595078,-78.594581,-78.594212,-78.594088,-78.593242,-78.592385,-78.59208,-78.591776,-78.591361,-78.591219,-78.590699,-78.590446,-78.589927,-78.589776,-78.589631,-78.589493,-78.589358,-78.58923,-78.588868,-78.588419,-78.58816,-78.588023,-78.587936,-78.587333,-78.587121,-78.586909,-78.586751,-78.586639,-78.586574,-78.586311,-78.586045,-78.585896,-78.585425,-78.585221,-78.585333,-78.585503,-78.586324,-78.586482,-78.586931,-78.58701,-78.587104,-78.587155,-78.587185,-78.58721,-78.587212,-78.587198,-78.587165,-78.587103,-78.587062,-78.587001,-78.586894,-78.586792,-78.586705,-78.586591,-78.58626,-78.586176,-78.586113,-78.586055,-78.585981,-78.585943,-78.585802,-78.585731,-78.585645,-78.584745,-78.584664,-78.584596,-78.584535,-78.584502,-78.584487,-78.584488,-78.584507,-78.584552,-78.58458,-78.584615,-78.584767,-78.584813,-78.584876,-78.584913,-78.584922,-78.584948,-78.584954,-78.584939,-78.584915,-78.584871,-78.584837,-78.584825,-78.584821,-78.584836,-78.584869,-78.584932,-78.585001,-78.585065,-78.585156,-78.585234,-78.586171,-78.586419,-78.586894,-78.587028,-78.587243,-78.58768,-78.58846,-78.588681,-78.588936,-78.589402,-78.589506,-78.589688,-78.589882,-78.590044,-78.590337,-78.590578,-78.590967,-78.591248,-78.591733,-78.592053,-78.592326,-78.592509,-78.592651,-78.592994,-78.592748,-78.592674,-78.592581,-78.592485,-78.592289,-78.592201,-78.592086,-78.592002,-78.591902,-78.591844,-78.591756,-78.591679,-78.59162,-78.591588,-78.591573,-78.591547,-78.591522,-78.591479,-78.591417,-78.591344,-78.591239,-78.591184,-78.591095,-78.590914,-78.590762,-78.590475,-78.590373,-78.589536,-78.589402,-78.589239,-78.589154,-78.589007,-78.588883,-78.588803,-78.588746,-78.588336,-78.588234,-78.588055,-78.587546,-78.587394,-78.587255,-78.587053,-78.586935,-78.586828,-78.58578,-78.584872,-78.584664,-78.584424,-78.583968,-78.583819,-78.583438,-78.583345,-78.583249,-78.583174,-78.583106,-78.583072,-78.583045,-78.583036,-78.583044,-78.583043,-78.583026,-78.582971,-78.582519,-78.582349,-78.582306,-78.582243,-78.582211,-78.582163,-78.582081,-78.582033,-78.581284,-78.581196,-78.58096,-78.580758,-78.580662,-78.579471,-78.579412,-78.579315,-78.579232,-78.579134,-78.578977,-78.578773,-78.578414,-78.578068,-78.577705,-78.577645,-78.577617,-78.577507,-78.577443,-78.577379,-78.577304,-78.576847,-78.576765,-78.576348,-78.576254,-78.576078,-78.575988,-78.575669,-78.575424,-78.575039,-78.57452,-78.573794,-78.573425,-78.573262,-78.572913,-78.572805,-78.571935,-78.57117,-78.570908,-78.570748,-78.570574,-78.570402,-78.56989,-78.569618,-78.568366,-78.567921,-78.56777,-78.567633,-78.567164,-78.566824,-78.566436,-78.565994,-78.565871,-78.565734,-78.565655,-78.565015,-78.564744,-78.564703,-78.564591,-78.564439,-78.564321,-78.564164,-78.563867,-78.563709,-78.563537,-78.563326,-78.562968,-78.562757,-78.562513,-78.562419,-78.562321,-78.562216,-78.562182,-78.561956,-78.561766,-78.561578,-78.560987,-78.560844,-78.560603,-78.559748,-78.559546,-78.559365,-78.559184,-78.559004,-78.558854,-78.558671,-78.558528,-78.558346,-78.558109,-78.558001,-78.557491,-78.557336,-78.557206,-78.557037,-78.556754,-78.556539,-78.556082,-78.555813,-78.555692,-78.555398,-78.555107,-78.554818,-78.554645,-78.553894,-78.553351,-78.552939,-78.552551,-78.552065,-78.551799,-78.551363,-78.550933,-78.550054,-78.549815,-78.549595,-78.549381,-78.549277,-78.549026,-78.548749,-78.548433,-78.548195,-78.548111,-78.548041,-78.547995,-78.547899,-78.54776,-78.547637,-78.547286,-78.547191,-78.547117,-78.547031,-78.546955,-78.54689,-78.546826,-78.546773,-78.546724,-78.546665,-78.546613,-78.546516,-78.54642,-78.546289,-78.546196,-78.546096,-78.545808,-78.545331,-78.545257,-78.545181,-78.545105,-78.545086,-78.545052,-78.545002,-78.544939,-78.544858,-78.544421,-78.544312,-78.54426,-78.544125,-78.544021,-78.543853,-78.543353,-78.543311,-78.542642,-78.542461,-78.542249,-78.542174,-78.541994,-78.541816,-78.541569,-78.541288,-78.540796,-78.54057,-78.540444,-78.540238,-78.540171,-78.539804,-78.539331,-78.53916,-78.539032,-78.53879,-78.538555,-78.538478,-78.538392,-78.538375,-78.538003,-78.537569,-78.537509,-78.537269,-78.537174,-78.537045,-78.536828,-78.536538,-78.536403,-78.536167,-78.535894,-78.535662,-78.535539,-78.535434,-78.535285,-78.535194,-78.535095,-78.534917,-78.534727,-78.534207,-78.533527,-78.533044,-78.532488,-78.532226,-78.532033,-78.531889,-78.531199,-78.530921,-78.530806,-78.530678,-78.530506,-78.53035,-78.530094,-78.529891,-78.529648,-78.529524,-78.529329,-78.529191,-78.529031,-78.528761,-78.528525,-78.528462,-78.528379,-78.527935,-78.527782,-78.527383,-78.527297,-78.526922,-78.526741,-78.526353,-78.525957,-78.525249,-78.52511,-78.524805,-78.524513,-78.524465,-78.524229,-78.524139,-78.524007,-78.523792,-78.523744,-78.523584,-78.523362,-78.523279,-78.523084,-78.522911,-78.522835,-78.522744,-78.522668,-78.522612,-78.522508,-78.52239,-78.522325,-78.522307,-78.522196,-78.521925,-78.521884,-78.521863,-78.521849,-78.521904,-78.521897,-78.521876,-78.521856,-78.521661,-78.521523,-78.52137,-78.521314,-78.52137,-78.52137,-78.521356,-78.521161,-78.520925,-78.520773,-78.52037,-78.520349,-78.520286,-78.520245,-78.520203,-78.520134,-78.519884,-78.51987,-78.519856,-78.519821,-78.519849,-78.519828,-78.519814,-78.519724,-78.519467,-78.519391,-78.519342,-78.519314,-78.51928,-78.519196,-78.519161,-78.519016,-78.519029,-78.519106,-78.519113,-78.519085,-78.51906,-78.519036,-78.518967,-78.518904,-78.518668,-78.518404,-78.517884,-78.517335,-78.51703,-78.516815,-78.516662,-78.516565,-78.516253,-78.515892,-78.515726,-78.515601,-78.515524,-78.515277,-78.515143,-78.514852,-78.514442,-78.514123,-78.513964,-78.513547,-78.513381,-78.513235,-78.513138,-78.512985,-78.512992,-78.513077,-78.513131,-78.513173,-78.513187,-78.51318,-78.513166,-78.513076,-78.513007,-78.512896,-78.512625,-78.512501,-78.512327,-78.512056,-78.512005,-78.511696,-78.511612,-78.511175,-78.510592,-78.510502,-78.510398,-78.510322,-78.51028,-78.510274,-78.51026,-78.510183,-78.509642,-78.509365,-78.508775,-78.508727,-78.508643,-78.508615,-78.508574,-78.508477,-78.508255,-78.508192,-78.508039,-78.508018,-78.507998,-78.507991,-78.508012,-78.507998,-78.507956,-78.507873,-78.507804,-78.507721,-78.507616,-78.507477,-78.507394,-78.507311,-78.5072,-78.507172,-78.507138,-78.507119,-78.506966,-78.50683,-78.506648,-78.50648,-78.506399,-78.506326,-78.506023,-78.505929,-78.50571,-78.505629,-78.505554,-78.505462,-78.505312,-78.505149,-78.505067,-78.505311,-78.505496,-78.505563,-78.505614,-78.505654,-78.505677,-78.50568,-78.505667,-78.505629,-78.50556,-78.505465,-78.505352,-78.505251,-78.505137,-78.505008,-78.504869,-78.504747,-78.504539,-78.504327,-78.504149,-78.503985,-78.503824,-78.503736,-78.50367,-78.50355,-78.503481,-78.503312,-78.503187,-78.503054,-78.502947,-78.50281,-78.502649,-78.502528,-78.502409,-78.502264,-78.502885,-78.503338,-78.503752,-78.504099,-78.504181,-78.505222,-78.505356,-78.505441,-78.505515,-78.505566,-78.505587,-78.50561,-78.505634,-78.505637,-78.505658,-78.505658,-78.505655,-78.50563,-78.505555,-78.505542,-78.505547,-78.505575,-78.505602,-78.505648,-78.505714,-78.50576,-78.505795,-78.505841,-78.505904,-78.505984,-78.506083,-78.506199,-78.506303,-78.506466,-78.506507,-78.506531,-78.506536,-78.506519,-78.506485,-78.506436,-78.506333,-78.505961,-78.505354,-78.505132,-78.504709,-78.503922,-78.503672,-78.503522,-78.503305,-78.503113,-78.502425,-78.502173,-78.502073,-78.501995,-78.501905,-78.501679,-78.500994,-78.500854,-78.500412,-78.50026,-78.500054,-78.499916,-78.499756,-78.499064,-78.498964,-78.49866,-78.498394,-78.498066,-78.497698,-78.49739,-78.497208,-78.497006,-78.496912,-78.496804,-78.496545,-78.496431,-78.495479,-78.49502,-78.494826,-78.494523,-78.494257,-78.493521,-78.492663,-78.491103,-78.490679,-78.490304,-78.489948,-78.489687,-78.489398,-78.488955,-78.488926,-78.488366,-78.48808,-78.487191,-78.486994,-78.48686,-78.486741,-78.486676,-78.48659,-78.486547,-78.48647,-78.486343,-78.486088,-78.485399,-78.485064,-78.485041,-78.485026,-78.485001,-78.484927,-78.484837,-78.484731,-78.484604,-78.484395,-78.484146,-78.48354,-78.483398,-78.483311,-78.483191,-78.483099,-78.482989,-78.482914,-78.482624,-78.482524,-78.482482,-78.482297,-78.48198,-78.481769,-78.481619,-78.48152,-78.481289,-78.481101,-78.480922,-78.48078,-78.479521,-78.479262,-78.478823,-78.478579,-78.478208,-78.477928,-78.477704,-78.477398,-78.477078,-78.476741,-78.476479,-78.476127,-78.475967,-78.475584,-78.475343,-78.475039,-78.474746,-78.474435,-78.474194,-78.472786,-78.47227,-78.471179,-78.470864,-78.470384,-78.470061,-78.469506,-78.467522,-78.466361,-78.465927,-78.465841,-78.465243,-78.465081,-78.464926,-78.464603,-78.464455,-78.464314,-78.464269,-78.464172,-78.464058,-78.463918,-78.4638,-78.463731,-78.463664,-78.463562,-78.463487,-78.463402,-78.463331,-78.463277,-78.463206,-78.463017,-78.462958,-78.462888,-78.462823,-78.462749,-78.462652,-78.462572,-78.462541,-78.46243,-78.461965,-78.461781,-78.461583,-78.461378,-78.461191,-78.46101,-78.460778,-78.460628,-78.460485,-78.460313,-78.460086,-78.459938,-78.459798,-78.459669,-78.459594,-78.459536,-78.459455,-78.459407,-78.459343,-78.459298,-78.459016,-78.458759,-78.458638,-78.458542,-78.458441,-78.458135,-78.457841,-78.457775,-78.457697,-78.457596,-78.456976,-78.456884,-78.456796,-78.456763,-78.456696,-78.456643,-78.456568,-78.456463,-78.4564,-78.456347,-78.456337,-78.456334,-78.456291,-78.45615,-78.456003,-78.45592,-78.455524,-78.455233,-78.45519,-78.455142,-78.455114,-78.455102,-78.455108,-78.455146,-78.455149,-78.455137,-78.45511,-78.455055,-78.454975,-78.45494,-78.454832,-78.45471,-78.454603,-78.453898,-78.453216,-78.452937,-78.45273,-78.452614,-78.452197,-78.451886,-78.451545,-78.451364,-78.451167,-78.451048,-78.450904,-78.450835,-78.450748,-78.450683,-78.450657,-78.450642,-78.450645,-78.450667,-78.450692,-78.450779,-78.451049,-78.451402,-78.451585,-78.451657,-78.451739,-78.45176,-78.451762,-78.451751,-78.451606,-78.451529,-78.451432,-78.451386,-78.451337,-78.451261,-78.451199,-78.451163,-78.451052,-78.450894,-78.450783,-78.450686,-78.450605,-78.450561,-78.450495,-78.450447,-78.450418,-78.450332,-78.450293,-78.450088,-78.450041,-78.449954,-78.449882,-78.449805,-78.449716,-78.449418,-78.449037,-78.448704,-78.448315,-78.448061,-78.447455,-78.447114,-78.446836,-78.446536,-78.446306,-78.446119,-78.445744,-78.445451,-78.445056,-78.444851,-78.444768,-78.444711,-78.444666,-78.444555,-78.444451,-78.444374,-78.444062,-78.443887,-78.443634,-78.443312,-78.443165,-78.443115,-78.443095,-78.443053,-78.44302,-78.442989,-78.442953,-78.442877,-78.442772,-78.44083,-78.438724,-78.438552,-78.438295,-78.438142,-78.437191,-78.437047,-78.436863,-78.436471,-78.436036,-78.435576,-78.435389,-78.435084,-78.434788,-78.434582,-78.434425,-78.434281,-78.43415,-78.434034,-78.433628,-78.433252,-78.433062,-78.432803,-78.432662,-78.432495,-78.432432,-78.432332,-78.432129,-78.431929,-78.431738,-78.431569,-78.431363,-78.431149,-78.431029,-78.430503,-78.430293,-78.430156,-78.429108,-78.428949,-78.427139,-78.425912,-78.425468,-78.425263,-78.424996,-78.424608,-78.424244,-78.424053,-78.423797,-78.423578,-78.422737,-78.42242,-78.421915,-78.421502,-78.420538,-78.420209,-78.41924,-78.419088,-78.418713,-78.418268,-78.417978,-78.417868,-78.417787,-78.417565,-78.417436,-78.417244,-78.41718,-78.417026,-78.416888,-78.416742,-78.416662,-78.416592,-78.416507,-78.416425,-78.416255,-78.416161,-78.41612,-78.416045,-78.415968,-78.415864,-78.415739,-78.415599,-78.414651,-78.414335,-78.413689,-78.41293,-78.412667,-78.412465,-78.411821,-78.411587,-78.411439,-78.411279,-78.411114,-78.410946,-78.410803,-78.410624,-78.410512,-78.410151,-78.409912,-78.409693,-78.409474,-78.408795,-78.407923,-78.407197,-78.40702,-78.406378,-78.406112,-78.405396,-78.404917,-78.40489,-78.404514,-78.404112,-78.402877,-78.402398,-78.401943,-78.401666,-78.401387,-78.400134,-78.399123,-78.398346,-78.398071,-78.397795,-78.397631,-78.397522,-78.396312,-78.395919,-78.395162,-78.394875,-78.394593,-78.394364,-78.393932,-78.391559,-78.391247,-78.390658,-78.390328,-78.389997,-78.389714,-78.389506,-78.389255,-78.3891,-78.388804,-78.388707,-78.388598,-78.388417,-78.388259,-78.388039,-78.387728,-78.387566,-78.387308,-78.387175,-78.387107,-78.387004,-78.386933,-78.386835,-78.386793,-78.386759,-78.386738,-78.386723,-78.386699,-78.386657,-78.386585,-78.386479,-78.386313,-78.385969,-78.385763,-78.385617,-78.385419,-78.38521,-78.384412,-78.383958,-78.38378,-78.383495,-78.383156,-78.382987,-78.38279,-78.382587,-78.381663,-78.381111,-78.381006,-78.38097,-78.380894,-78.380848,-78.380805,-78.38073,-78.380718,-78.38071,-78.380676,-78.380664,-78.380661,-78.380675,-78.380714,-78.380773,-78.381126,-78.381263,-78.381307,-78.381347,-78.381358,-78.381362,-78.381347,-78.381319,-78.381307,-78.381239,-78.381163,-78.3811,-78.38101,-78.380892,-78.380588,-78.379147,-78.378681,-78.37771,-78.377586,-78.377349,-78.377163,-78.376865,-78.376772,-78.376549,-78.376241,-78.375735,-78.375368,-78.375321,-78.37485,-78.374719,-78.374581,-78.37444,-78.374279,-78.374093,-78.373862,-78.373695,-78.373495,-78.373299,-78.372838,-78.372397,-78.372248,-78.372127,-78.371986,-78.371849,-78.371716,-78.371588,-78.371353,-78.371276,-78.371174,-78.371038,-78.370949,-78.370864,-78.370763,-78.370686,-78.370624,-78.370578,-78.370438,-78.370363,-78.370267,-78.37024,-78.369987,-78.369963,-78.36948,-78.369353,-78.36926,-78.369245,-78.369211,-78.36918,-78.369169,-78.369174,-78.369184,-78.369218,-78.369265,-78.369403,-78.369476,-78.369508,-78.369522,-78.369515,-78.369491,-78.369448,-78.3694,-78.369342,-78.36929,-78.368749,-78.368096,-78.367848,-78.367565,-78.367527,-78.367466,-78.367304,-78.366615,-78.366568,-78.367421,-78.367547,-78.371305,-78.372591,-78.373346,-78.378236,-78.378628,-78.379679,-78.379804,-78.379914,-78.381978,-78.382042,-78.382112,-78.383673,-78.38565,-78.385877,-78.387088,-78.387333,-78.388035,-78.388598,-78.396181,-78.396634,-78.397267,-78.397664,-78.400227,-78.401264,-78.401907,-78.402278,-78.402675,-78.403014,-78.406702,-78.408129,-78.40999,-78.411086,-78.412666,-78.413183,-78.413353,-78.413436,-78.414091,-78.414314,-78.415803,-78.419762,-78.420398,-78.4205,-78.42291,-78.423331,-78.425012,-78.425477,-78.425791,-78.431765,-78.433487,-78.438091,-78.439025,-78.439089,-78.439104,-78.439313,-78.440166,-78.440485,-78.445754,-78.446028,-78.446768,-78.446945,-78.449365,-78.45179,-78.454787,-78.455041,-78.455113,-78.455634,-78.456854,-78.459831,-78.460195,-78.460421,-78.461002,-78.461137,-78.46134,-78.467521,-78.467724,-78.467764,-78.467779,-78.467863,-78.46799,-78.468033,-78.468369,-78.468409,-78.468493,-78.468575,-78.468652,-78.468748,-78.468795,-78.468827,-78.468884,-78.468936,-78.468943,-78.469,-78.469071,-78.469094,-78.469092,-78.469097,-78.469097,-78.469072,-78.46904,-78.468979,-78.468971,-78.468956,-78.468936,-78.468912,-78.468885,-78.468862,-78.468849,-78.468828,-78.468815,-78.46876,-78.468737,-78.468651,-78.468625,-78.468624,-78.468642,-78.468651,-78.46866,-78.468671,-78.468706,-78.46872,-78.468717,-78.468721,-78.468703,-78.468638,-78.468628,-78.468615,-78.468595,-78.468589,-78.468577,-78.468566,-78.468568,-78.468593,-78.468654,-78.468698,-78.46875,-78.468819,-78.468925,-78.46901,-78.469043,-78.469082,-78.469123,-78.469207,-78.469424,-78.469501,-78.46957,-78.469625,-78.469681,-78.469712,-78.469735,-78.469787,-78.469826,-78.469873,-78.469947,-78.470069,-78.470125,-78.470131,-78.470157,-78.470165,-78.470228,-78.47036,-78.470424,-78.470451,-78.470449,-78.470456,-78.470466,-78.470464,-78.470421,-78.470422,-78.470437,-78.470452,-78.470492,-78.470521,-78.47059,-78.470712,-78.470758,-78.47092,-78.470969,-78.471017,-78.471205,-78.471293,-78.471363,-78.47148,-78.471718,-78.471792,-78.471934,-78.471969,-78.472032,-78.472225,-78.472562,-78.472618,-78.472845,-78.472953,-78.472985,-78.473039,-78.47327,-78.473333,-78.473445,-78.473477,-78.47365,-78.473734,-78.473831,-78.473955,-78.474002,-78.474039,-78.474075,-78.474104,-78.474138,-78.474167,-78.474221,-78.474973,-78.475627,-78.475886,-78.47625,-78.476596,-78.476871,-78.477094,-78.477489,-78.477659,-78.478145,-78.478444,-78.47866,-78.479018,-78.479187,-78.479409,-78.479628,-78.479738,-78.479951,-78.480108,-78.480312,-78.480392,-78.481305,-78.481394,-78.481508,-78.481612,-78.481747,-78.482163,-78.483001,-78.483521,-78.483803,-78.484163,-78.484459,-78.484757,-78.484868,-78.485,-78.485098,-78.485143,-78.485247,-78.485309,-78.485413,-78.485706,-78.4859,-78.485975,-78.486146,-78.486199,-78.48627,-78.48651,-78.486549,-78.486573,-78.486615,-78.486631,-78.486687,-78.486736,-78.486779,-78.486837,-78.4869,-78.486996,-78.487082,-78.487244,-78.487368,-78.487616,-78.487929,-78.488692,-78.489511,-78.490213,-78.490393,-78.49072,-78.490748,-78.490774,-78.490783,-78.490775,-78.490905,-78.490928,-78.490972,-78.491049,-78.491111,-78.491227,-78.49138,-78.491941,-78.49221,-78.492901,-78.493615,-78.494093,-78.494301,-78.49447,-78.494824,-78.495047,-78.495326,-78.49546,-78.495578,-78.496031,-78.496461,-78.496776,-78.497031,-78.497535,-78.497837,-78.498293,-78.498696,-78.499007,-78.499313,-78.4996,-78.499892,-78.500149,-78.500478,-78.500849,-78.501145,-78.501673,-78.502003,-78.502209,-78.50227,-78.502531,-78.503152,-78.503367,-78.503517,-78.503594,-78.50385,-78.504372,-78.504767,-78.505159,-78.505388,-78.505547,-78.505751,-78.506179,-78.507108,-78.507374,-78.507479,-78.50759,-78.507619,-78.507861,-78.508381,-78.508815,-78.508988,-78.509079,-78.509205,-78.509294,-78.509416,-78.509763,-78.510441,-78.51086,-78.511448,-78.511573,-78.511877,-78.512364,-78.512855,-78.512987,-78.513166,-78.513299,-78.513358,-78.513792,-78.514116,-78.51445,-78.514898,-78.515097,-78.515478,-78.515679,-78.515833,-78.516017,-78.516156,-78.516695,-78.517002,-78.51739,-78.51754,-78.517925,-78.51834,-78.518627,-78.518893,-78.51911,-78.519656,-78.519799,-78.519847,-78.520425,-78.520895,-78.521402,-78.521783,-78.521991,-78.522615,-78.524014,-78.524935,-78.52502,-78.525115,-78.525218,-78.525347,-78.52565,-78.527999,-78.528367,-78.529253,-78.530272,-78.53035,-78.53042,-78.530503,-78.530913,-78.530953,-78.531032,-78.531431,-78.531614,-78.531898,-78.532042,-78.532178,-78.532304,-78.532609,-78.533015,-78.533101,-78.533326,-78.533679,-78.533856,-78.534044,-78.534202,-78.534408,-78.535362,-78.535753,-78.535902,-78.536094,-78.536555,-78.537296,-78.537926,-78.538163,-78.53836,-78.538613,-78.53882,-78.541453,-78.542099,-78.542799,-78.543595,-78.544566,-78.544869,-78.545908,-78.546686,-78.547327,-78.547558,-78.547898,-78.548172,-78.549032,-78.549578,-78.550123,-78.550726,-78.550856,-78.551446,-78.551679,-78.552159,-78.552306,-78.552784,-78.552985,-78.553195,-78.553373,-78.553613,-78.553809,-78.554193,-78.554502,-78.554612,-78.55475,-78.554832,-78.55494,-78.555069,-78.555224,-78.555286,-78.555493,-78.555546,-78.555747,-78.556409,-78.556798,-78.557014,-78.557192,-78.557431,-78.557953,-78.558119,-78.558247,-78.558399,-78.558541,-78.558718,-78.55944,-78.559915,-78.560567,-78.562437,-78.56286,-78.563659,-78.56413,-78.564567,-78.564763,-78.565519,-78.565943,-78.567074,-78.567671,-78.567884,-78.568045,-78.568574,-78.568748,-78.568936,-78.568998,-78.569088,-78.569212,-78.569373,-78.570071,-78.570184,-78.570361,-78.570697,-78.571306,-78.573097,-78.574152,-78.57471,-78.574896,-78.575085,-78.57559,-78.575673,-78.575754,-78.575899,-78.576023,-78.576154,-78.576994,-78.578368,-78.5794,-78.580607,-78.580916,-78.581137,-78.581347,-78.582004,-78.582345,-78.582461,-78.582541,-78.583356,-78.584537,-78.584679,-78.584747,-78.585264,-78.585579,-78.585722,-78.585871,-78.585954,-78.586028,-78.58613,-78.586246,-78.586403,-78.587695,-78.587823,-78.588751,-78.589966,-78.590836,-78.591387,-78.591624,-78.59224,-78.592447,-78.592567,-78.593327,-78.593503,-78.5946,-78.595001,-78.595789,-78.596256,-78.596624,-78.597007,-78.597237,-78.59815,-78.598341,-78.598791,-78.599189,-78.599466,-78.599756,-78.60029,-78.600611,-78.60072,-78.600832,-78.600944,-78.601033,-78.601139,-78.601566,-78.601749,-78.601985,-78.602063,-78.602184,-78.602312,-78.602388,-78.602459,-78.60254,-78.602611,-78.602668,-78.602812,-78.602897,-78.602976,-78.603085,-78.603179,-78.603439,-78.603604,-78.603706,-78.604328,-78.604796,-78.604953,-78.605054,-78.605194,-78.605511,-78.605676,-78.605712,-78.606488,-78.607099,-78.607807,-78.608525,-78.608796,-78.609276,-78.609483,-78.609677,-78.609899,-78.610109,-78.610163,-78.610239,-78.610792,-78.610884,-78.611081,-78.611237,-78.611662,-78.611718,-78.612022,-78.612073,-78.612145,-78.612199,-78.612227,-78.612244,-78.612249,-78.612263,-78.612277,-78.612276,-78.612272,-78.612262,-78.612266,-78.612284,-78.612316,-78.612363,-78.612439,-78.612532,-78.61294,-78.613268,-78.613685,-78.613772,-78.613842,-78.614035,-78.614104,-78.614183,-78.614268,-78.614377,-78.614498,-78.614665,-78.61503,-78.615448,-78.615631,-78.615781,-78.616615,-78.616788,-78.617336,-78.617561,-78.617792,-78.618362,-78.618973,-78.619164,-78.619397,-78.619765,-78.619916,-78.620206,-78.620379,-78.620922,-78.62117,-78.621407,-78.621629,-78.621689,-78.621788,-78.621877,-78.621977,-78.622299,-78.622359,-78.622413,-78.622453,-78.62247,-78.622468,-78.622457,-78.622356,-78.622349,-78.622361,-78.622392,-78.622657,-78.622737,-78.622838,-78.623012,-78.623179,-78.623442,-78.623507,-78.6236,-78.623695,-78.623783,-78.623985,-78.624115,-78.62426,-78.624945,-78.625054,-78.625259,-78.625649,-78.625811,-78.626316,-78.626384,-78.62648,-78.626605,-78.627243,-78.627043],"lat":[37.917834,37.918247,37.918862,37.919046,37.919658,37.919795,37.919938,37.920076,37.920214,37.920355,37.920985,37.921111,37.921211,37.921253,37.921357,37.921487,37.921609,37.92213,37.922267,37.922392,37.922439,37.922554,37.922811,37.922868,37.922926,37.922954,37.92301,37.923097,37.92312,37.923127,37.92312,37.923095,37.923068,37.923031,37.923,37.922959,37.922891,37.922556,37.922399,37.922322,37.922132,37.922097,37.922076,37.92207,37.92209,37.922121,37.922156,37.922177,37.92223,37.922332,37.922446,37.922789,37.922932,37.923788,37.924128,37.924487,37.924584,37.924671,37.924747,37.925039,37.925143,37.925248,37.925308,37.925341,37.925667,37.925733,37.925742,37.925863,37.925992,37.926136,37.926229,37.92626,37.926696,37.926865,37.927212,37.927338,37.927372,37.927399,37.927525,37.927615,37.927674,37.927834,37.928026,37.928148,37.92841,37.928815,37.928892,37.929922,37.930562,37.930981,37.93118,37.931273,37.931346,37.931607,37.931864,37.932106,37.932685,37.933225,37.933403,37.933571,37.933751,37.933863,37.93389,37.934015,37.93415,37.934346,37.93514,37.935406,37.93558,37.936255,37.936488,37.936952,37.937056,37.937149,37.93723,37.937286,37.937446,37.937519,37.93754,37.937655,37.937831,37.937906,37.937997,37.938152,37.938194,37.938312,37.938351,37.938404,37.938432,37.938474,37.93853,37.938605,37.938688,37.938966,37.939285,37.939486,37.939599,37.939672,37.940205,37.940394,37.940624,37.940814,37.940961,37.941054,37.941445,37.941852,37.942049,37.942587,37.942831,37.942885,37.942953,37.9432,37.943243,37.943336,37.943366,37.943422,37.943472,37.943517,37.94359,37.943652,37.943732,37.943809,37.9439,37.943948,37.944007,37.944084,37.944136,37.944169,37.944199,37.944229,37.944245,37.944268,37.944298,37.944355,37.944401,37.944653,37.944741,37.94482,37.945443,37.945511,37.945588,37.945687,37.945767,37.945849,37.945933,37.946015,37.946112,37.946155,37.946208,37.946387,37.946444,37.946546,37.94663,37.946652,37.946763,37.946875,37.947008,37.947096,37.947208,37.947295,37.947345,37.94743,37.947514,37.947595,37.947686,37.947754,37.947801,37.94785,37.947881,37.948149,37.94823,37.948411,37.948468,37.948573,37.94882,37.949276,37.949415,37.949589,37.949951,37.950036,37.950169,37.950292,37.950383,37.950511,37.950604,37.950738,37.950822,37.950952,37.951042,37.951136,37.951219,37.9513,37.951534,37.951638,37.951655,37.951655,37.951632,37.951552,37.95153,37.951515,37.951515,37.951528,37.951544,37.951592,37.951652,37.951722,37.951784,37.951851,37.952175,37.95227,37.95236,37.952441,37.952509,37.952575,37.952597,37.952613,37.95262,37.95261,37.952571,37.952566,37.952576,37.95259,37.95262,37.952643,37.952691,37.952748,37.952794,37.952832,37.953154,37.953231,37.953348,37.953649,37.953757,37.953877,37.954039,37.954095,37.954127,37.954326,37.954487,37.954538,37.954618,37.954802,37.954863,37.955039,37.955096,37.955177,37.955271,37.95537,37.955441,37.955533,37.955628,37.956122,37.956132,37.956253,37.956478,37.957815,37.958238,37.958389,37.958793,37.958887,37.958975,37.959081,37.959135,37.959848,37.959954,37.960262,37.96047,37.960562,37.961591,37.961673,37.961867,37.961993,37.962111,37.962247,37.962393,37.962686,37.962968,37.963323,37.963404,37.963456,37.96382,37.963951,37.964052,37.964147,37.964662,37.964764,37.965278,37.965401,37.965632,37.965746,37.966111,37.966428,37.966926,37.967579,37.968603,37.969122,37.969352,37.969766,37.969882,37.970694,37.971441,37.971698,37.971864,37.972018,37.972148,37.972488,37.972671,37.9735,37.973805,37.97393,37.974064,37.974621,37.975022,37.975497,37.976059,37.976205,37.976362,37.976443,37.977096,37.977423,37.977467,37.977571,37.977682,37.977746,37.977816,37.977919,37.97799,37.978083,37.978187,37.978335,37.978427,37.978534,37.978569,37.978595,37.978612,37.978618,37.978636,37.978634,37.978619,37.978515,37.978496,37.978476,37.978457,37.978451,37.97845,37.978464,37.978491,37.978521,37.978571,37.978619,37.978697,37.978816,37.978878,37.979186,37.97926,37.979309,37.979359,37.979417,37.979454,37.979517,37.979552,37.979567,37.979602,37.979628,37.979639,37.979638,37.979653,37.97967,37.979708,37.979757,37.979835,37.979881,37.979963,37.980044,37.980201,37.980252,37.980314,37.98039,37.980432,37.980566,37.980733,37.98095,37.981094,37.981122,37.981135,37.981138,37.981133,37.981115,37.981109,37.981116,37.981105,37.981086,37.981051,37.981005,37.980948,37.980861,37.980763,37.980629,37.980526,37.980462,37.980367,37.980293,37.980219,37.980182,37.980158,37.98013,37.980098,37.980103,37.980121,37.980157,37.980365,37.980527,37.980677,37.980813,37.980943,37.981509,37.981632,37.981673,37.981763,37.981818,37.981884,37.982024,37.982036,37.982278,37.982348,37.982441,37.982479,37.982584,37.982711,37.982907,37.983105,37.983422,37.983582,37.983678,37.983868,37.98393,37.984318,37.984857,37.985044,37.985184,37.98543,37.985679,37.98576,37.985852,37.985873,37.986325,37.986871,37.986946,37.98727,37.987397,37.987585,37.987903,37.988354,37.988578,37.989005,37.98948,37.989846,37.990032,37.990179,37.990359,37.990457,37.990552,37.990699,37.990835,37.991149,37.991545,37.991809,37.992137,37.992316,37.992471,37.992603,37.993329,37.993603,37.993708,37.993826,37.993957,37.994054,37.994185,37.99428,37.994184,37.994118,37.993997,37.993816,37.99369,37.993558,37.993377,37.993344,37.993322,37.993349,37.993376,37.993547,37.993585,37.993826,37.993958,37.994304,37.994573,37.994803,37.994814,37.994775,37.994764,37.994748,37.994605,37.994563,37.994501,37.994347,37.99433,37.994314,37.994226,37.994204,37.994182,37.994187,37.994407,37.994533,37.994703,37.994758,37.994824,37.994873,37.994886,37.99489,37.99489,37.994857,37.994862,37.99489,37.994939,37.995098,37.995186,37.995247,37.995258,37.995186,37.995164,37.995202,37.995296,37.995472,37.995504,37.995532,37.995708,37.996092,37.996256,37.996654,37.996674,37.996761,37.996987,37.997047,37.997091,37.99714,37.997162,37.997277,37.997404,37.997536,37.997618,37.997634,37.997667,37.997695,37.997722,37.99775,37.997777,37.997854,37.998134,37.998189,37.99832,37.998419,37.998551,37.998617,37.998727,37.998784,37.998837,37.998924,37.998985,37.999122,37.999232,37.999512,37.999742,37.999813,37.999835,37.999829,37.999807,37.999643,37.999544,37.999522,37.999494,37.999466,37.999299,37.999208,37.999065,37.998911,37.998829,37.998763,37.998516,37.998439,37.998389,37.998373,37.998367,37.998312,37.998139,37.998032,37.997857,37.997703,37.997626,37.997598,37.997565,37.997554,37.99751,37.997368,37.997324,37.997302,37.997307,37.997289,37.99718,37.997164,37.997164,37.997185,37.997174,37.997136,37.997086,37.997031,37.996839,37.996806,37.996751,37.996526,37.996432,37.996267,37.996234,37.996383,37.996399,37.996405,37.996421,37.996536,37.996586,37.996772,37.996783,37.996767,37.996728,37.996558,37.996459,37.996382,37.996283,37.996223,37.996168,37.996119,37.996098,37.996086,37.996091,37.996118,37.996113,37.99602,37.995687,37.996159,37.996335,37.996464,37.996482,37.996471,37.996423,37.996254,37.996309,37.996408,37.996301,37.99622,37.99614,37.996032,37.995936,37.995896,37.995548,37.99527,37.995157,37.99504,37.994909,37.994769,37.994613,37.994507,37.994383,37.994247,37.994111,37.993988,37.993901,37.993824,37.993753,37.993692,37.993653,37.993611,37.99359,37.993587,37.993605,37.993637,37.993662,37.993684,37.993734,37.993768,37.993867,37.993931,37.993981,37.99401,37.994034,37.994045,37.994043,37.994026,37.993979,37.992959,37.992211,37.991536,37.99096,37.990824,37.989121,37.988895,37.988727,37.988555,37.98839,37.988289,37.988113,37.987779,37.987666,37.986666,37.98644,37.986257,37.985972,37.985428,37.985236,37.985045,37.98473,37.984502,37.984122,37.983598,37.98322,37.983023,37.982881,37.982744,37.982612,37.982479,37.982352,37.982258,37.982099,37.982037,37.981969,37.981913,37.981851,37.981794,37.981745,37.981678,37.982055,37.982691,37.98294,37.983436,37.984363,37.984663,37.984846,37.985128,37.985392,37.98639,37.986752,37.986887,37.986984,37.987097,37.987354,37.988102,37.988256,37.988732,37.988876,37.98905,37.989153,37.98926,37.98969,37.989752,37.989964,37.990164,37.990424,37.990692,37.990897,37.991001,37.991096,37.991136,37.991178,37.991269,37.991302,37.991576,37.991703,37.991755,37.991826,37.991881,37.992023,37.992201,37.992559,37.992666,37.992778,37.992915,37.993026,37.993172,37.993433,37.99345,37.993797,37.993966,37.99448,37.994615,37.994726,37.994846,37.994923,37.99504,37.995111,37.995235,37.995485,37.996025,37.997494,37.998198,37.998241,37.998269,37.998312,37.998431,37.998545,37.99865,37.998749,37.998891,37.999039,37.999367,37.99946,37.999525,37.999634,37.99974,37.999895,38.000023,38.000675,38.000874,38.000958,38.00129,38.001862,38.002258,38.002554,38.002821,38.003392,38.00383,38.003756,38.003713,38.003275,38.003197,38.003095,38.003052,38.003009,38.002989,38.002984,38.00299,38.003011,38.00305,38.003095,38.003172,38.003215,38.003341,38.003431,38.003569,38.003719,38.003912,38.004074,38.005067,38.005432,38.00618,38.006383,38.006649,38.006815,38.007067,38.007863,38.008327,38.008505,38.008536,38.008778,38.008855,38.008944,38.009162,38.009262,38.00934,38.00936,38.009399,38.009425,38.009437,38.00943,38.00942,38.009403,38.009362,38.009321,38.00926,38.009189,38.009114,38.009002,38.008581,38.0085,38.00843,38.008392,38.008366,38.008354,38.00836,38.008366,38.008399,38.008569,38.008618,38.008654,38.008675,38.008678,38.008666,38.008629,38.008588,38.008535,38.00845,38.008322,38.008217,38.008103,38.007982,38.00788,38.007773,38.007536,38.007453,38.007377,38.007336,38.00716,38.007005,38.006924,38.006842,38.006736,38.006359,38.006055,38.006012,38.00598,38.005962,38.005975,38.005965,38.00594,38.005927,38.005895,38.005856,38.005798,38.005706,38.005616,38.005485,38.005431,38.005412,38.005288,38.005093,38.00496,38.004896,38.004654,38.004445,38.004402,38.004333,38.004263,38.004189,38.004011,38.003746,38.003589,38.003463,38.00333,38.003174,38.003026,38.002979,38.00287,38.002772,38.002701,38.002347,38.00202,38.001909,38.001847,38.001819,38.001741,38.001682,38.001606,38.001552,38.001479,38.001421,38.001332,38.001276,38.00118,38.001074,38.001,38.000904,38.000807,38.000712,38.000645,38.000431,37.999911,37.99932,37.999036,37.998889,37.998671,37.998557,37.998445,37.998355,37.997649,37.997363,37.99708,37.996979,37.996908,37.996821,37.996764,37.996734,37.996658,37.996563,37.996469,37.996367,37.996256,37.996177,37.996014,37.995846,37.995726,37.995468,37.995366,37.994926,37.994846,37.994704,37.994618,37.994549,37.994487,37.994309,37.994099,37.993916,37.993719,37.99359,37.993312,37.993188,37.993098,37.993008,37.992964,37.992939,37.99291,37.992902,37.992905,37.992895,37.992871,37.992838,37.992794,37.99261,37.992389,37.992227,37.991713,37.991431,37.990951,37.990358,37.990053,37.989905,37.989815,37.989573,37.989496,37.989449,37.989411,37.989356,37.989297,37.988519,37.987661,37.987591,37.987486,37.987424,37.98704,37.986981,37.986907,37.98676,37.986595,37.986422,37.986346,37.98621,37.986061,37.985945,37.985836,37.985716,37.985586,37.985448,37.984855,37.984284,37.984,37.983633,37.983442,37.983234,37.983168,37.983071,37.982898,37.982754,37.982634,37.982544,37.982451,37.98237,37.982332,37.982176,37.982115,37.982074,37.98177,37.981724,37.981199,37.980839,37.980703,37.98063,37.980536,37.980382,37.980232,37.980149,37.980032,37.979936,37.979567,37.979452,37.979269,37.979124,37.978784,37.978667,37.978329,37.978282,37.978155,37.977983,37.977858,37.977805,37.977763,37.977629,37.977537,37.977377,37.977317,37.97716,37.976994,37.976785,37.976638,37.976488,37.976258,37.975958,37.97522,37.974841,37.974706,37.974525,37.974379,37.97423,37.974082,37.973941,37.973129,37.972858,37.972288,37.971624,37.971395,37.971218,37.970652,37.970446,37.970334,37.970232,37.970142,37.970064,37.970011,37.969957,37.969931,37.969869,37.969847,37.969843,37.969853,37.969927,37.970024,37.97012,37.970144,37.970233,37.970268,37.970364,37.970433,37.970437,37.970497,37.970581,37.970896,37.971012,37.971109,37.971147,37.971175,37.971252,37.971321,37.971362,37.971365,37.971353,37.971339,37.971326,37.971124,37.971052,37.970922,37.970896,37.970886,37.970893,37.970919,37.971114,37.971144,37.971202,37.971223,37.97123,37.971225,37.97121,37.971171,37.971136,37.971047,37.971017,37.970973,37.970891,37.970806,37.970667,37.970433,37.970305,37.970081,37.969943,37.969858,37.969709,37.969586,37.969371,37.969244,37.969086,37.968881,37.968327,37.968172,37.96802,37.967858,37.967657,37.967399,37.966893,37.966609,37.966423,37.966199,37.965989,37.965267,37.964838,37.964652,37.964336,37.963893,37.963652,37.963343,37.962985,37.961249,37.96019,37.959952,37.959861,37.959615,37.959415,37.959146,37.958589,37.958493,37.958434,37.958182,37.957986,37.957833,37.957701,37.957481,37.957258,37.956147,37.955683,37.955497,37.955266,37.955159,37.95498,37.954795,37.954622,37.954564,37.954322,37.954112,37.953975,37.953822,37.953662,37.953304,37.951614,37.951083,37.949937,37.949803,37.949575,37.94942,37.949214,37.949152,37.949033,37.94889,37.948641,37.948468,37.948445,37.948217,37.948173,37.948142,37.948126,37.948125,37.948134,37.948161,37.948166,37.948154,37.948121,37.947992,37.947878,37.947848,37.947834,37.947831,37.947843,37.94787,37.94791,37.948016,37.948043,37.948065,37.948075,37.948065,37.94804,37.947992,37.947938,37.947874,37.947804,37.947354,37.947134,37.946914,37.946852,37.946405,37.946362,37.945452,37.945208,37.944985,37.944949,37.94484,37.944672,37.944536,37.944396,37.94429,37.944127,37.943948,37.943474,37.943192,37.943012,37.94285,37.942677,37.942515,37.942357,37.942231,37.942112,37.942025,37.941269,37.940384,37.940052,37.939673,37.93962,37.939537,37.939316,37.938356,37.938288,37.937318,37.937175,37.932901,37.931437,37.930582,37.92504,37.924596,37.923405,37.923265,37.923141,37.920797,37.920724,37.920644,37.918873,37.916628,37.916369,37.914995,37.91472,37.913919,37.913294,37.904673,37.904159,37.903441,37.90299,37.900089,37.898902,37.898173,37.897752,37.897301,37.896916,37.89273,37.891109,37.889004,37.887753,37.885959,37.885372,37.88518,37.885085,37.884341,37.884088,37.882399,37.877908,37.877186,37.87707,37.874335,37.873857,37.871949,37.871422,37.871066,37.864285,37.86233,37.8571,37.856038,37.855964,37.855948,37.85571,37.854742,37.854378,37.848398,37.848087,37.847246,37.847045,37.8443,37.841546,37.838144,37.837857,37.837774,37.837186,37.835798,37.832418,37.832005,37.831748,37.831088,37.830936,37.830705,37.823688,37.823454,37.823414,37.823417,37.823441,37.82347,37.823475,37.823561,37.823577,37.823601,37.823631,37.823667,37.823737,37.823797,37.82382,37.823912,37.824009,37.824044,37.824214,37.824455,37.824559,37.8247,37.824734,37.824821,37.824962,37.825064,37.825192,37.825226,37.825259,37.825289,37.825355,37.825458,37.82563,37.826162,37.826482,37.826551,37.826756,37.826823,37.827201,37.827375,37.827585,37.827765,37.827799,37.827868,37.827902,37.82811,37.828251,37.828286,37.828428,37.828604,37.828912,37.828981,37.829014,37.829115,37.829184,37.829216,37.829319,37.829529,37.829741,37.829945,37.830044,37.83014,37.830232,37.830348,37.83043,37.830455,37.830474,37.830488,37.830526,37.830576,37.830615,37.830662,37.830718,37.830814,37.830917,37.831055,37.831224,37.831325,37.831424,37.831553,37.831743,37.831877,37.831911,37.831977,37.832011,37.832179,37.83244,37.832572,37.832713,37.832748,37.832852,37.832922,37.832992,37.833375,37.833445,37.833585,37.833654,37.833793,37.83386,37.833989,37.834176,37.834236,37.834483,37.834581,37.834717,37.835338,37.835574,37.83574,37.835967,37.836502,37.836635,37.836855,37.836919,37.837013,37.837253,37.837626,37.83768,37.837944,37.838057,37.83808,37.838136,37.838348,37.838395,37.838504,37.838527,37.838687,37.838773,37.83889,37.839077,37.839175,37.839276,37.839412,37.839477,37.839613,37.839689,37.839693,37.839742,37.83979,37.839814,37.839839,37.839846,37.839844,37.83983,37.839794,37.839768,37.83966,37.839579,37.839511,37.839369,37.839292,37.83918,37.839058,37.83899,37.838849,37.838731,37.838564,37.838489,37.837628,37.837556,37.837487,37.837443,37.837407,37.837359,37.837192,37.837064,37.836976,37.836851,37.836737,37.836636,37.836588,37.836517,37.836453,37.83641,37.836296,37.836209,37.83603,37.835288,37.834864,37.834679,37.83401,37.833854,37.833701,37.833235,37.833115,37.832981,37.832567,37.832442,37.832187,37.832051,37.831972,37.8319,37.831845,37.831781,37.831739,37.831677,37.831647,37.8316,37.83156,37.831492,37.831432,37.831385,37.831368,37.831306,37.831294,37.83127,37.831239,37.831208,37.831336,37.831323,37.831313,37.831316,37.831318,37.831332,37.831364,37.831548,37.831643,37.83187,37.832088,37.832251,37.832323,37.832392,37.832577,37.832707,37.83286,37.83294,37.83301,37.833252,37.833519,37.8337,37.833868,37.834224,37.834416,37.834737,37.835042,37.835263,37.83549,37.835689,37.835879,37.836053,37.836262,37.836508,37.83672,37.837083,37.837315,37.837449,37.837489,37.837679,37.838105,37.838236,37.838342,37.838398,37.838573,37.838942,37.839279,37.83959,37.839756,37.839888,37.840075,37.8405,37.841362,37.841621,37.841712,37.841821,37.841849,37.842111,37.84273,37.843449,37.843731,37.843902,37.844105,37.844232,37.84439,37.844692,37.845292,37.845664,37.846204,37.846323,37.846625,37.847164,37.847669,37.847797,37.847948,37.848045,37.848088,37.848365,37.848551,37.848726,37.848914,37.848991,37.849136,37.849217,37.84929,37.849393,37.849484,37.849907,37.850137,37.850428,37.850549,37.850844,37.85114,37.851341,37.851541,37.851704,37.85218,37.852304,37.852343,37.852811,37.853205,37.853635,37.853959,37.85413,37.854638,37.855837,37.856618,37.856671,37.856714,37.856744,37.856762,37.856761,37.856635,37.856615,37.856581,37.85652,37.856497,37.856454,37.856363,37.855941,37.855961,37.855986,37.856054,37.856091,37.856164,37.856212,37.856272,37.856345,37.856559,37.856882,37.85696,37.857148,37.857412,37.857536,37.857649,37.85773,37.857821,37.858216,37.858369,37.858428,37.858514,37.858707,37.859016,37.859326,37.85943,37.859503,37.859582,37.859635,37.860261,37.860402,37.860537,37.860705,37.860933,37.861008,37.861233,37.861388,37.861543,37.86161,37.861726,37.861837,37.862299,37.862589,37.862926,37.863316,37.863401,37.863765,37.863909,37.864216,37.864308,37.864579,37.864682,37.864771,37.864834,37.864904,37.86495,37.865019,37.865064,37.865071,37.865067,37.865058,37.865037,37.864999,37.864933,37.86502,37.86488,37.864829,37.864912,37.865199,37.865381,37.865465,37.865524,37.865587,37.865702,37.865746,37.865791,37.865859,37.86594,37.866072,37.866674,37.867089,37.86767,37.869421,37.869798,37.870556,37.870982,37.871386,37.871553,37.8722,37.872554,37.873471,37.873974,37.874171,37.874335,37.874926,37.875148,37.875363,37.87542,37.87549,37.875568,37.875647,37.875891,37.875934,37.876013,37.876187,37.876536,37.877541,37.878151,37.878488,37.878615,37.878777,37.879242,37.879321,37.879391,37.8795,37.879579,37.879652,37.880035,37.880646,37.881078,37.88149,37.881621,37.881729,37.881849,37.882275,37.882489,37.882574,37.882643,37.883299,37.884213,37.88435,37.884422,37.8851,37.885538,37.88571,37.885872,37.885936,37.88598,37.886025,37.886066,37.886122,37.886485,37.886521,37.886792,37.887124,37.887371,37.887534,37.887616,37.887884,37.887989,37.888057,37.888594,37.888695,37.889187,37.889371,37.889763,37.889972,37.890165,37.890342,37.890467,37.890895,37.890996,37.89121,37.891404,37.891527,37.891648,37.891847,37.891977,37.892001,37.892011,37.892005,37.891991,37.89196,37.891767,37.891676,37.891583,37.891565,37.891548,37.891545,37.891551,37.89157,37.891607,37.891655,37.891713,37.8919,37.891984,37.892044,37.892109,37.892152,37.892242,37.892282,37.892299,37.892381,37.892435,37.892474,37.892509,37.892578,37.892792,37.892925,37.892954,37.893501,37.893911,37.894467,37.894966,37.895144,37.89549,37.895663,37.895846,37.896078,37.896322,37.896393,37.896493,37.897151,37.897264,37.897509,37.89773,37.898433,37.898518,37.898892,37.898961,37.899082,37.899209,37.899313,37.899417,37.899943,37.901387,37.902112,37.902842,37.903052,37.90361,37.904009,37.904123,37.904242,37.904344,37.904478,37.904605,37.905069,37.905443,37.905874,37.905989,37.906112,37.906564,37.906685,37.90679,37.906882,37.906979,37.907065,37.907159,37.90733,37.907527,37.907604,37.907655,37.907899,37.907955,37.908166,37.908232,37.908285,37.908374,37.908491,37.908534,37.9086,37.90873,37.908783,37.908904,37.908982,37.909249,37.909375,37.909513,37.90966,37.909701,37.909769,37.909839,37.909935,37.910325,37.910413,37.91052,37.910632,37.910738,37.911064,37.911169,37.911686,37.911819,37.911953,37.912084,37.912788,37.913038,37.913417,37.913982,37.914468,37.915233,37.915383,37.91556,37.915702,37.91581,37.916012,37.916111,37.916194,37.916497,37.916553,37.916678,37.916971,37.91708,37.917341,37.917372,37.917406,37.917437,37.917519,37.917834]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.529665,-78.529516,-78.52938,-78.529246,-78.529093,-78.528869,-78.528658,-78.528638,-78.528584,-78.528531,-78.528508,-78.528503,-78.528516,-78.528546,-78.528709,-78.528855,-78.528926,-78.528958,-78.529036,-78.529175,-78.529199,-78.529204,-78.529204,-78.529188,-78.529161,-78.529116,-78.528915,-78.528724,-78.528063,-78.527689,-78.527475,-78.527298,-78.527196,-78.527,-78.526644,-78.526454,-78.52638,-78.526194,-78.525951,-78.525763,-78.525866,-78.525938,-78.525981,-78.526026,-78.526053,-78.526096,-78.526134,-78.526219,-78.526339,-78.526648,-78.526791,-78.526941,-78.527198,-78.527455,-78.527645,-78.527847,-78.527886,-78.527908,-78.527912,-78.527902,-78.527867,-78.527844,-78.527802,-78.527752,-78.527538,-78.527348,-78.527269,-78.527229,-78.527136,-78.527103,-78.527049,-78.526742,-78.526682,-78.526655,-78.526647,-78.526612,-78.526511,-78.526442,-78.526402,-78.526384,-78.526336,-78.526149,-78.526088,-78.525944,-78.52579,-78.52557,-78.525376,-78.525064,-78.52471,-78.524491,-78.524416,-78.524353,-78.524277,-78.524207,-78.523897,-78.523682,-78.523583,-78.523443,-78.523336,-78.52321,-78.523089,-78.522862,-78.522631,-78.522372,-78.5219,-78.521885,-78.521669,-78.521546,-78.521415,-78.521327,-78.521219,-78.52079,-78.520636,-78.520521,-78.520481,-78.520437,-78.520375,-78.520331,-78.520281,-78.520235,-78.520144,-78.520081,-78.520068,-78.520044,-78.520015,-78.52,-78.519948,-78.519916,-78.519883,-78.519858,-78.519864,-78.519894,-78.519923,-78.519923,-78.519897,-78.519842,-78.519694,-78.519664,-78.519592,-78.519496,-78.519439,-78.519386,-78.519378,-78.519373,-78.519353,-78.519339,-78.519318,-78.51928,-78.519259,-78.519252,-78.519207,-78.519197,-78.519182,-78.519161,-78.519144,-78.519127,-78.519102,-78.519074,-78.519046,-78.519002,-78.518999,-78.518981,-78.518967,-78.518961,-78.518961,-78.518954,-78.51897,-78.518985,-78.518991,-78.519001,-78.51902,-78.519002,-78.519002,-78.519009,-78.519016,-78.519019,-78.519026,-78.519033,-78.519037,-78.519033,-78.519015,-78.519002,-78.518998,-78.518995,-78.518988,-78.518973,-78.518944,-78.518911,-78.518885,-78.518853,-78.518817,-78.51879,-78.518761,-78.518745,-78.518738,-78.518735,-78.518745,-78.518758,-78.518769,-78.518781,-78.518795,-78.51881,-78.518824,-78.518832,-78.518832,-78.518803,-78.518793,-78.518793,-78.518805,-78.518819,-78.518826,-78.518815,-78.518803,-78.518793,-78.518768,-78.518758,-78.518755,-78.518748,-78.518751,-78.518766,-78.51879,-78.51881,-78.518899,-78.518945,-78.519009,-78.519119,-78.519215,-78.519258,-78.519317,-78.519344,-78.519369,-78.519362,-78.519352,-78.519345,-78.519338,-78.519334,-78.519338,-78.519338,-78.519341,-78.519338,-78.519333,-78.519313,-78.519284,-78.519245,-78.519191,-78.519157,-78.519132,-78.519097,-78.519059,-78.519034,-78.518906,-78.518863,-78.518829,-78.518759,-78.518734,-78.518722,-78.518708,-78.51861,-78.518457,-78.518429,-78.518412,-78.518378,-78.51833,-78.518185,-78.518097,-78.518016,-78.517875,-78.517781,-78.517714,-78.517645,-78.517528,-78.517474,-78.517444,-78.517367,-78.51727,-78.517241,-78.517201,-78.517188,-78.517123,-78.517071,-78.517043,-78.516984,-78.516898,-78.516786,-78.516705,-78.51662,-78.516571,-78.516505,-78.516451,-78.516447,-78.516274,-78.516224,-78.516175,-78.51612,-78.516025,-78.515931,-78.515873,-78.515796,-78.515729,-78.515753,-78.515763,-78.5157,-78.515638,-78.515566,-78.51552,-78.515477,-78.515447,-78.51541,-78.515357,-78.5153,-78.515251,-78.515176,-78.515157,-78.515129,-78.515044,-78.514987,-78.514928,-78.514813,-78.514756,-78.51463,-78.514556,-78.51447,-78.514418,-78.51434,-78.514235,-78.514152,-78.514117,-78.514099,-78.51408,-78.514029,-78.513987,-78.513929,-78.513913,-78.513909,-78.51394,-78.513924,-78.513895,-78.513817,-78.513768,-78.51371,-78.513646,-78.513604,-78.513548,-78.513527,-78.513465,-78.513396,-78.513372,-78.513335,-78.513321,-78.513261,-78.513186,-78.513101,-78.513059,-78.512984,-78.512864,-78.512817,-78.512724,-78.512654,-78.512549,-78.512481,-78.512427,-78.512384,-78.5123,-78.512185,-78.51211,-78.512019,-78.511931,-78.511867,-78.511805,-78.511747,-78.511699,-78.511626,-78.511528,-78.511464,-78.51144,-78.511339,-78.511228,-78.511158,-78.51106,-78.510992,-78.510953,-78.510897,-78.510826,-78.510779,-78.510738,-78.510701,-78.510681,-78.510664,-78.510635,-78.510586,-78.51054,-78.510495,-78.510461,-78.510411,-78.510353,-78.510283,-78.510253,-78.510222,-78.51016,-78.51011,-78.510085,-78.510062,-78.510058,-78.51003,-78.510016,-78.510003,-78.509976,-78.509933,-78.509892,-78.509881,-78.509863,-78.509863,-78.50986,-78.509845,-78.509737,-78.509707,-78.509683,-78.509648,-78.509619,-78.509596,-78.50956,-78.509529,-78.509498,-78.509459,-78.5094,-78.509342,-78.509309,-78.50926,-78.509213,-78.509184,-78.509157,-78.509115,-78.50903,-78.508947,-78.508864,-78.50884,-78.508771,-78.5087,-78.508612,-78.508563,-78.508508,-78.508473,-78.508464,-78.508464,-78.508434,-78.508402,-78.508373,-78.508327,-78.508271,-78.508183,-78.508056,-78.507913,-78.507729,-78.50755,-78.507416,-78.507354,-78.507316,-78.507249,-78.507145,-78.507088,-78.506997,-78.506874,-78.506751,-78.506664,-78.506603,-78.506532,-78.506427,-78.50638,-78.506303,-78.506169,-78.505965,-78.505739,-78.505599,-78.505442,-78.505291,-78.505187,-78.504851,-78.504566,-78.504473,-78.504269,-78.504134,-78.503986,-78.503856,-78.503715,-78.503525,-78.503404,-78.503313,-78.503406,-78.50351,-78.503607,-78.503662,-78.503691,-78.503927,-78.504239,-78.504476,-78.504837,-78.505038,-78.505208,-78.505403,-78.505691,-78.505809,-78.505844,-78.50599,-78.506164,-78.506629,-78.506823,-78.507011,-78.507143,-78.507463,-78.507928,-78.508206,-78.508504,-78.508657,-78.50897,-78.509164,-78.509553,-78.50981,-78.509956,-78.510116,-78.51038,-78.510637,-78.510668,-78.510922,-78.511116,-78.511172,-78.511276,-78.511347,-78.511374,-78.511972,-78.512062,-78.512361,-78.512437,-78.512576,-78.512736,-78.512833,-78.512985,-78.513138,-78.513235,-78.513381,-78.513547,-78.513964,-78.514123,-78.514442,-78.514852,-78.515143,-78.515277,-78.515524,-78.515601,-78.515726,-78.515892,-78.516253,-78.516565,-78.516662,-78.516815,-78.51703,-78.517335,-78.517884,-78.518404,-78.518668,-78.518904,-78.518967,-78.519036,-78.51906,-78.519085,-78.519113,-78.519106,-78.519029,-78.519016,-78.519161,-78.519196,-78.51928,-78.519314,-78.519342,-78.519391,-78.519467,-78.519724,-78.519814,-78.519828,-78.519849,-78.519821,-78.519856,-78.51987,-78.519884,-78.520134,-78.520203,-78.520245,-78.520286,-78.520349,-78.52037,-78.520773,-78.520925,-78.521161,-78.521356,-78.52137,-78.52137,-78.521314,-78.52137,-78.521523,-78.521661,-78.521856,-78.521876,-78.521897,-78.521904,-78.521849,-78.521863,-78.521884,-78.521925,-78.522196,-78.522307,-78.522325,-78.52239,-78.522508,-78.522612,-78.522668,-78.522744,-78.522835,-78.522911,-78.523084,-78.523279,-78.523362,-78.523584,-78.523744,-78.523792,-78.524007,-78.524139,-78.524229,-78.524465,-78.524513,-78.524805,-78.52511,-78.525249,-78.525957,-78.526353,-78.526741,-78.526922,-78.527297,-78.527383,-78.527782,-78.527935,-78.528379,-78.528462,-78.528525,-78.528761,-78.529031,-78.529191,-78.529329,-78.529524,-78.529648,-78.529891,-78.529665],"lat":[37.994387,37.994468,37.994561,37.994686,37.994852,37.995162,37.995504,37.995538,37.995649,37.995796,37.995902,37.996009,37.996115,37.996219,37.996504,37.996739,37.996863,37.996926,37.997078,37.997427,37.997529,37.997602,37.997633,37.997764,37.997882,37.997997,37.998352,37.998619,37.999582,38.000108,38.000417,38.000677,38.000804,38.001051,38.001428,38.001605,38.001665,38.00182,38.002001,38.002126,38.002234,38.002312,38.002358,38.002438,38.002522,38.002688,38.002799,38.002995,38.003235,38.003786,38.004006,38.004215,38.004558,38.004923,38.005226,38.005571,38.005681,38.005794,38.00591,38.006009,38.006135,38.00618,38.006231,38.006271,38.006974,38.00749,38.007747,38.007922,38.008349,38.008508,38.008728,38.010224,38.010547,38.010802,38.011003,38.011495,38.012355,38.012951,38.013238,38.013353,38.013538,38.014104,38.014224,38.014466,38.014684,38.01496,38.015187,38.01557,38.015988,38.016293,38.0164,38.016469,38.016529,38.016569,38.016712,38.016838,38.016892,38.01698,38.017058,38.017173,38.017302,38.017527,38.017742,38.017959,38.018318,38.018328,38.018437,38.018474,38.0185,38.018505,38.018497,38.01842,38.018385,38.018356,38.018351,38.018349,38.018355,38.018325,38.018277,38.018212,38.018142,38.01807,38.018053,38.01801,38.017975,38.017952,38.017905,38.017857,38.017794,38.017696,38.017672,38.017644,38.017585,38.01752,38.017469,38.017419,38.017341,38.017327,38.017302,38.017274,38.017243,38.017213,38.017204,38.017189,38.017125,38.01703,38.016913,38.016789,38.016695,38.016661,38.016499,38.016434,38.016359,38.016316,38.016243,38.016169,38.016083,38.016001,38.015915,38.015791,38.015754,38.015641,38.015549,38.015506,38.015419,38.01533,38.015273,38.015186,38.01513,38.01509,38.01504,38.014943,38.014805,38.014738,38.014658,38.014626,38.014594,38.01455,38.01448,38.014381,38.014317,38.014276,38.014234,38.01417,38.014082,38.014011,38.013945,38.013893,38.013859,38.013824,38.013781,38.013738,38.013689,38.013629,38.013546,38.013453,38.01337,38.013309,38.013237,38.013204,38.013176,38.013133,38.013069,38.012988,38.012924,38.012822,38.012786,38.012763,38.012678,38.012568,38.01237,38.012089,38.012046,38.01195,38.011864,38.011824,38.011788,38.011722,38.011709,38.011655,38.011629,38.011616,38.011591,38.011567,38.011526,38.011488,38.011456,38.011443,38.01142,38.011398,38.011334,38.011243,38.011156,38.011082,38.011013,38.01097,38.010867,38.010832,38.010801,38.010716,38.010678,38.010648,38.010628,38.010614,38.010631,38.010655,38.010678,38.010706,38.010727,38.010732,38.010737,38.010732,38.01073,38.010706,38.010704,38.010707,38.010705,38.010678,38.010637,38.010592,38.010581,38.010561,38.010549,38.010495,38.010467,38.010445,38.010406,38.010376,38.010359,38.010351,38.010357,38.010357,38.010347,38.01031,38.010252,38.010242,38.010236,38.01023,38.010207,38.01019,38.010186,38.010168,38.010154,38.010151,38.010157,38.010172,38.010179,38.010149,38.010109,38.010094,38.009965,38.009917,38.009861,38.009816,38.009801,38.009805,38.009827,38.009871,38.009979,38.010017,38.010023,38.010025,38.010027,38.010035,38.010072,38.010127,38.010163,38.010193,38.010198,38.010184,38.010167,38.010083,38.010039,38.009984,38.009932,38.009914,38.009909,38.009928,38.009935,38.009963,38.00999,38.010015,38.010022,38.010016,38.01,38.009975,38.009962,38.009954,38.009936,38.009899,38.009893,38.009879,38.009863,38.009854,38.009807,38.00979,38.009757,38.009722,38.009705,38.009694,38.00969,38.009698,38.009741,38.009746,38.009744,38.009737,38.009734,38.009725,38.009717,38.0097,38.009694,38.009706,38.009713,38.009711,38.009705,38.009709,38.009696,38.009679,38.009647,38.009635,38.009622,38.009618,38.009619,38.009631,38.009644,38.009649,38.009638,38.009624,38.009611,38.009599,38.009593,38.009588,38.009593,38.009602,38.009608,38.009621,38.009677,38.009713,38.009767,38.009791,38.0098,38.009803,38.009799,38.00979,38.009777,38.009761,38.009741,38.009705,38.009676,38.00967,38.00968,38.009701,38.009724,38.009733,38.009731,38.009731,38.009735,38.009744,38.009774,38.009815,38.009843,38.009887,38.009901,38.009947,38.010028,38.010073,38.010134,38.010204,38.010248,38.010256,38.010278,38.010334,38.010359,38.010373,38.010404,38.010411,38.010413,38.010427,38.010448,38.010484,38.010538,38.010601,38.01066,38.010721,38.01078,38.010823,38.010849,38.010879,38.010938,38.011007,38.011079,38.011145,38.011219,38.011277,38.011317,38.011321,38.011317,38.011329,38.011345,38.011363,38.011374,38.011378,38.011363,38.011331,38.011297,38.011276,38.011225,38.011176,38.011131,38.011086,38.01106,38.011032,38.011001,38.010971,38.010933,38.010919,38.010899,38.01087,38.010844,38.010819,38.010786,38.010735,38.010678,38.01065,38.010635,38.010619,38.010582,38.010564,38.010561,38.010537,38.010483,38.010426,38.010378,38.010324,38.010272,38.010235,38.010145,38.010084,38.010066,38.010024,38.010016,38.010016,38.01002,38.01005,38.010109,38.010152,38.0102,38.010096,38.010003,38.009909,38.009848,38.009816,38.009536,38.009146,38.008872,38.008416,38.008191,38.007981,38.007749,38.007407,38.007247,38.007192,38.007006,38.006803,38.006298,38.006051,38.005754,38.00559,38.005211,38.004706,38.004377,38.00397,38.003734,38.003328,38.003098,38.002571,38.002236,38.00206,38.001852,38.001473,38.001166,38.001122,38.00077,38.000518,38.00043,38.000293,38.00014,38.000124,37.99924,37.99913,37.998713,37.998636,37.998526,37.998444,37.998405,37.998367,37.998373,37.998389,37.998439,37.998516,37.998763,37.998829,37.998911,37.999065,37.999208,37.999299,37.999466,37.999494,37.999522,37.999544,37.999643,37.999807,37.999829,37.999835,37.999813,37.999742,37.999512,37.999232,37.999122,37.998985,37.998924,37.998837,37.998784,37.998727,37.998617,37.998551,37.998419,37.99832,37.998189,37.998134,37.997854,37.997777,37.99775,37.997722,37.997695,37.997667,37.997634,37.997618,37.997536,37.997404,37.997277,37.997162,37.99714,37.997091,37.997047,37.996987,37.996761,37.996674,37.996654,37.996256,37.996092,37.995708,37.995532,37.995504,37.995472,37.995296,37.995202,37.995164,37.995186,37.995258,37.995247,37.995186,37.995098,37.994939,37.99489,37.994862,37.994857,37.99489,37.99489,37.994886,37.994873,37.994824,37.994758,37.994703,37.994533,37.994407,37.994187,37.994182,37.994204,37.994226,37.994314,37.99433,37.994347,37.994501,37.994563,37.994605,37.994748,37.994764,37.994775,37.994814,37.994803,37.994573,37.994304,37.993958,37.993826,37.993585,37.993547,37.993376,37.993349,37.993322,37.993344,37.993377,37.993558,37.99369,37.993816,37.993997,37.994118,37.994184,37.99428,37.994387]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.788036,-78.787805,-78.787379,-78.78594,-78.785862,-78.785563,-78.785123,-78.784904,-78.784571,-78.784431,-78.783947,-78.783489,-78.782596,-78.782192,-78.781523,-78.780959,-78.780144,-78.780079,-78.779746,-78.779496,-78.779403,-78.779376,-78.779366,-78.779376,-78.779285,-78.779261,-78.779232,-78.779465,-78.779405,-78.779449,-78.779456,-78.77946,-78.779288,-78.779075,-78.778932,-78.777964,-78.777383,-78.776935,-78.776558,-78.776533,-78.775924,-78.775432,-78.775247,-78.775155,-78.77469,-78.77411,-78.77407,-78.774122,-78.774227,-78.774133,-78.774107,-78.774136,-78.774141,-78.774145,-78.774073,-78.773503,-78.772581,-78.772506,-78.772112,-78.771874,-78.771806,-78.771693,-78.771478,-78.77165,-78.771943,-78.771915,-78.771672,-78.771559,-78.77149,-78.771333,-78.770938,-78.770754,-78.77039,-78.770463,-78.770577,-78.770586,-78.770628,-78.770734,-78.770812,-78.771098,-78.771416,-78.771671,-78.771769,-78.771559,-78.771344,-78.7706,-78.770437,-78.770202,-78.769785,-78.769378,-78.769158,-78.769101,-78.768973,-78.768831,-78.768433,-78.76817,-78.768397,-78.768637,-78.768574,-78.768348,-78.768331,-78.767783,-78.767428,-78.767415,-78.767407,-78.767333,-78.766994,-78.766318,-78.76603,-78.765153,-78.765116,-78.765079,-78.765042,-78.764901,-78.764277,-78.763426,-78.762998,-78.762777,-78.762268,-78.761957,-78.761941,-78.761931,-78.761941,-78.76202,-78.761948,-78.76188,-78.76106,-78.760635,-78.760223,-78.760197,-78.760074,-78.75984,-78.759463,-78.759449,-78.758995,-78.758512,-78.757497,-78.757128,-78.756822,-78.756453,-78.756625,-78.756694,-78.756494,-78.755685,-78.754943,-78.75443,-78.753929,-78.753185,-78.75299,-78.752611,-78.752348,-78.752308,-78.752311,-78.752345,-78.752527,-78.752788,-78.75279,-78.752114,-78.751785,-78.7511,-78.750986,-78.750933,-78.751288,-78.751409,-78.751653,-78.751953,-78.75229,-78.751859,-78.7508,-78.750412,-78.749983,-78.749396,-78.749339,-78.74932,-78.749008,-78.748977,-78.747938,-78.747922,-78.747585,-78.746471,-78.745174,-78.742136,-78.740543,-78.738658,-78.73764,-78.73721,-78.736386,-78.734981,-78.734724,-78.73414,-78.732515,-78.730531,-78.730498,-78.72986,-78.728818,-78.728334,-78.728067,-78.72791,-78.726905,-78.726315,-78.726443,-78.726519,-78.726812,-78.726272,-78.725409,-78.724745,-78.723351,-78.722638,-78.722426,-78.721251,-78.721107,-78.721097,-78.720595,-78.719667,-78.718086,-78.717683,-78.717388,-78.716873,-78.715574,-78.711239,-78.710909,-78.710556,-78.710618,-78.71062,-78.710624,-78.7107,-78.710264,-78.710006,-78.709216,-78.708509,-78.70709,-78.706735,-78.706566,-78.704336,-78.702277,-78.70124,-78.700812,-78.69922,-78.697744,-78.695236,-78.694169,-78.692865,-78.689787,-78.689616,-78.689397,-78.689283,-78.688249,-78.687271,-78.686691,-78.686658,-78.686347,-78.685879,-78.685369,-78.685286,-78.684015,-78.682488,-78.681816,-78.681032,-78.680303,-78.68014,-78.679947,-78.679356,-78.678847,-78.67864,-78.678145,-78.678094,-78.678039,-78.67703,-78.676567,-78.676213,-78.675913,-78.675568,-78.675448,-78.675041,-78.67465,-78.674483,-78.674145,-78.673848,-78.672366,-78.671849,-78.671786,-78.671603,-78.671524,-78.671029,-78.670486,-78.669806,-78.669874,-78.669889,-78.669841,-78.669763,-78.669735,-78.669727,-78.669711,-78.669484,-78.669158,-78.668725,-78.667387,-78.667341,-78.666985,-78.666142,-78.665385,-78.665093,-78.664224,-78.664198,-78.663546,-78.662188,-78.661796,-78.661398,-78.660767,-78.660079,-78.659263,-78.659238,-78.659077,-78.658975,-78.657681,-78.656532,-78.656117,-78.655738,-78.655552,-78.655347,-78.655273,-78.655149,-78.656285,-78.657236,-78.657981,-78.658082,-78.658823,-78.659195,-78.659777,-78.66042,-78.660941,-78.661244,-78.661417,-78.66178,-78.662158,-78.662169,-78.662192,-78.662225,-78.6625,-78.66357,-78.664279,-78.664857,-78.665346,-78.665866,-78.666038,-78.666192,-78.666398,-78.665312,-78.665076,-78.664867,-78.66374,-78.663082,-78.662881,-78.662713,-78.662177,-78.661373,-78.661186,-78.660956,-78.660849,-78.660805,-78.660646,-78.660739,-78.660758,-78.660915,-78.661554,-78.661902,-78.662049,-78.662215,-78.662447,-78.662684,-78.663373,-78.66349,-78.663898,-78.663699,-78.663636,-78.663438,-78.663145,-78.660583,-78.660394,-78.655638,-78.6541,-78.649898,-78.64935,-78.64755,-78.637236,-78.636279,-78.62477,-78.620785,-78.617335,-78.606539,-78.596734,-78.593696,-78.586098,-78.585394,-78.584986,-78.584932,-78.583632,-78.582533,-78.581568,-78.581223,-78.580825,-78.580709,-78.579986,-78.578686,-78.578244,-78.577427,-78.576176,-78.575172,-78.57511,-78.574797,-78.573129,-78.570534,-78.570438,-78.56832,-78.56805,-78.565855,-78.565471,-78.562801,-78.560515,-78.560351,-78.560217,-78.559997,-78.558639,-78.556708,-78.556454,-78.556322,-78.556103,-78.556015,-78.555711,-78.55544,-78.554501,-78.551723,-78.550959,-78.550669,-78.549476,-78.546192,-78.545032,-78.544122,-78.543685,-78.542325,-78.542088,-78.541978,-78.538791,-78.538553,-78.537527,-78.534755,-78.524995,-78.52488,-78.524629,-78.523936,-78.52341,-78.523282,-78.523159,-78.523012,-78.522902,-78.522709,-78.522545,-78.522374,-78.521818,-78.521648,-78.520962,-78.520561,-78.520365,-78.520098,-78.519824,-78.519692,-78.519567,-78.519084,-78.518577,-78.518231,-78.518031,-78.517778,-78.517624,-78.514855,-78.509716,-78.504016,-78.500368,-78.499909,-78.491678,-78.488745,-78.48394,-78.481371,-78.474119,-78.472261,-78.471796,-78.467919,-78.467572,-78.465449,-78.465455,-78.465485,-78.465539,-78.465612,-78.465694,-78.465967,-78.466319,-78.467739,-78.468125,-78.468305,-78.468551,-78.468747,-78.468878,-78.468993,-78.469196,-78.470077,-78.470106,-78.470244,-78.470469,-78.470581,-78.470619,-78.47068,-78.470706,-78.470786,-78.470788,-78.470796,-78.470801,-78.470805,-78.470828,-78.470863,-78.470927,-78.47101,-78.47114,-78.47128,-78.471447,-78.47163,-78.471754,-78.471886,-78.472046,-78.472293,-78.472532,-78.472595,-78.472835,-78.473071,-78.473418,-78.473752,-78.473845,-78.474137,-78.474282,-78.474408,-78.474543,-78.474684,-78.474829,-78.475177,-78.475353,-78.475951,-78.47604,-78.476276,-78.476355,-78.476483,-78.476605,-78.476718,-78.476801,-78.476876,-78.476943,-78.477382,-78.477597,-78.477814,-78.477934,-78.478049,-78.478163,-78.478391,-78.478629,-78.479248,-78.47941,-78.479621,-78.479733,-78.479861,-78.479965,-78.480055,-78.48022,-78.480367,-78.480542,-78.480704,-78.480947,-78.481047,-78.481142,-78.481237,-78.48149,-78.481855,-78.482034,-78.482222,-78.482338,-78.482498,-78.482548,-78.482588,-78.482617,-78.48264,-78.482656,-78.482653,-78.48259,-78.48257,-78.48258,-78.482622,-78.482659,-78.482746,-78.482802,-78.482827,-78.482896,-78.483,-78.483384,-78.483683,-78.483839,-78.483908,-78.483973,-78.484121,-78.484266,-78.484564,-78.484692,-78.484792,-78.484931,-78.48501,-78.485222,-78.485299,-78.485368,-78.485452,-78.485707,-78.485788,-78.485883,-78.485929,-78.485989,-78.486084,-78.486293,-78.486392,-78.486556,-78.48666,-78.486804,-78.486934,-78.487019,-78.48705,-78.487063,-78.487059,-78.487031,-78.48703,-78.487051,-78.487099,-78.487156,-78.487255,-78.487406,-78.487571,-78.487716,-78.487913,-78.488026,-78.488152,-78.488248,-78.488382,-78.488471,-78.488681,-78.489912,-78.490087,-78.49037,-78.490664,-78.490856,-78.491028,-78.491285,-78.491513,-78.491871,-78.492001,-78.492118,-78.492213,-78.492334,-78.492476,-78.492595,-78.492778,-78.493026,-78.49318,-78.493354,-78.493438,-78.493528,-78.493566,-78.493578,-78.493591,-78.493583,-78.493539,-78.493463,-78.4934,-78.493329,-78.493263,-78.49317,-78.492915,-78.492819,-78.49276,-78.492738,-78.492729,-78.492719,-78.492741,-78.492759,-78.492804,-78.492858,-78.492919,-78.493001,-78.49309,-78.493254,-78.493504,-78.493789,-78.49412,-78.494158,-78.494515,-78.494584,-78.494644,-78.494697,-78.494783,-78.49488,-78.495046,-78.495137,-78.495269,-78.495354,-78.495574,-78.49571,-78.495853,-78.496125,-78.496347,-78.496526,-78.496781,-78.497193,-78.49827,-78.498441,-78.49916,-78.499371,-78.499977,-78.50029,-78.500486,-78.50067,-78.500896,-78.501233,-78.501479,-78.501957,-78.502135,-78.502413,-78.502817,-78.50295,-78.50326,-78.503498,-78.503682,-78.503862,-78.503969,-78.504047,-78.504257,-78.504413,-78.504505,-78.50463,-78.504804,-78.504995,-78.50541,-78.505599,-78.505753,-78.505815,-78.50592,-78.505953,-78.506044,-78.506214,-78.506683,-78.507169,-78.507292,-78.50764,-78.508095,-78.508468,-78.508852,-78.50978,-78.510101,-78.510243,-78.5111,-78.511522,-78.511704,-78.51194,-78.512126,-78.513139,-78.513424,-78.514828,-78.515125,-78.515254,-78.515431,-78.515561,-78.515711,-78.515875,-78.516147,-78.516281,-78.516437,-78.516611,-78.516808,-78.517457,-78.518134,-78.518486,-78.518745,-78.519043,-78.519282,-78.519338,-78.520381,-78.520517,-78.520668,-78.52157,-78.522098,-78.522217,-78.522526,-78.522859,-78.523369,-78.523606,-78.52413,-78.52446,-78.524458,-78.524458,-78.524584,-78.524703,-78.524733,-78.524746,-78.524726,-78.524698,-78.524542,-78.524523,-78.524524,-78.52455,-78.524591,-78.524627,-78.5247,-78.52479,-78.525402,-78.525513,-78.525548,-78.525566,-78.525567,-78.525437,-78.525264,-78.52521,-78.524913,-78.524817,-78.524791,-78.524784,-78.524793,-78.524879,-78.524888,-78.525062,-78.525149,-78.52531,-78.525367,-78.52544,-78.525745,-78.526421,-78.52685,-78.526993,-78.527084,-78.527211,-78.527373,-78.527605,-78.527913,-78.528077,-78.528151,-78.528171,-78.528084,-78.527818,-78.527499,-78.5273,-78.527193,-78.527153,-78.527129,-78.527107,-78.527096,-78.527036,-78.527005,-78.526968,-78.526928,-78.526852,-78.526836,-78.526825,-78.52673,-78.526719,-78.526723,-78.526733,-78.526754,-78.526746,-78.526732,-78.526703,-78.526475,-78.526377,-78.52628,-78.526071,-78.525912,-78.525382,-78.525065,-78.524931,-78.524853,-78.524718,-78.524284,-78.524061,-78.523805,-78.523683,-78.52354,-78.523251,-78.522677,-78.522519,-78.521742,-78.521107,-78.520757,-78.520328,-78.519931,-78.51956,-78.519279,-78.519091,-78.519009,-78.518935,-78.518836,-78.518732,-78.518703,-78.518642,-78.518539,-78.518414,-78.51827,-78.51798,-78.517854,-78.517365,-78.517257,-78.51716,-78.517078,-78.517017,-78.516797,-78.516762,-78.516705,-78.516651,-78.516578,-78.5165,-78.516437,-78.516348,-78.516283,-78.516186,-78.516135,-78.515891,-78.515831,-78.515743,-78.515645,-78.515582,-78.514861,-78.514895,-78.514975,-78.51506,-78.515164,-78.515268,-78.515409,-78.516493,-78.516609,-78.516855,-78.516942,-78.517018,-78.517083,-78.517151,-78.517196,-78.517216,-78.517217,-78.517201,-78.517173,-78.517123,-78.51711,-78.517087,-78.51706,-78.517044,-78.51703,-78.517129,-78.517194,-78.517273,-78.517372,-78.517422,-78.517727,-78.517975,-78.518298,-78.518665,-78.519024,-78.519691,-78.519814,-78.520257,-78.520808,-78.520981,-78.521314,-78.521639,-78.521691,-78.521871,-78.521978,-78.522052,-78.522085,-78.522409,-78.522449,-78.522552,-78.522676,-78.522814,-78.523008,-78.523229,-78.523389,-78.523823,-78.524535,-78.52514,-78.525484,-78.525585,-78.525664,-78.52566,-78.525656,-78.52565,-78.525669,-78.525681,-78.525655,-78.525665,-78.525681,-78.525671,-78.525712,-78.525784,-78.525747,-78.525732,-78.525719,-78.525726,-78.525765,-78.525798,-78.525808,-78.525762,-78.525746,-78.525744,-78.525743,-78.525742,-78.526127,-78.526605,-78.52684,-78.526942,-78.527265,-78.527573,-78.528191,-78.528303,-78.528558,-78.528907,-78.529192,-78.529559,-78.530211,-78.530631,-78.530919,-78.531027,-78.531628,-78.531895,-78.532016,-78.532093,-78.532259,-78.532298,-78.53227,-78.532208,-78.532136,-78.532061,-78.532018,-78.532012,-78.532021,-78.532161,-78.532465,-78.532687,-78.532829,-78.53305,-78.533258,-78.533214,-78.532826,-78.532694,-78.532576,-78.532662,-78.532763,-78.532746,-78.532967,-78.534198,-78.534354,-78.534951,-78.535113,-78.535249,-78.535661,-78.53595,-78.53638,-78.53647,-78.536991,-78.537279,-78.537969,-78.538147,-78.538349,-78.538798,-78.538941,-78.539206,-78.539421,-78.539945,-78.540849,-78.541121,-78.541586,-78.542409,-78.542721,-78.542812,-78.543402,-78.543544,-78.543579,-78.543366,-78.542566,-78.542155,-78.542104,-78.54198,-78.541573,-78.541646,-78.541608,-78.542272,-78.542852,-78.543229,-78.543365,-78.543805,-78.544232,-78.544808,-78.545388,-78.546081,-78.546816,-78.547577,-78.548255,-78.549689,-78.549748,-78.549688,-78.549987,-78.550088,-78.550008,-78.550075,-78.550352,-78.550983,-78.551209,-78.551397,-78.551472,-78.551636,-78.551708,-78.551348,-78.550835,-78.549684,-78.54912,-78.54826,-78.548141,-78.547914,-78.547104,-78.545962,-78.545347,-78.545208,-78.545266,-78.545461,-78.546391,-78.546492,-78.546398,-78.546363,-78.546484,-78.546645,-78.546827,-78.547399,-78.5476,-78.547909,-78.548143,-78.548536,-78.548948,-78.549292,-78.54949,-78.549758,-78.550208,-78.550488,-78.551461,-78.552861,-78.55401,-78.55482,-78.555441,-78.555848,-78.556024,-78.556055,-78.556686,-78.557285,-78.557612,-78.557679,-78.557532,-78.555873,-78.555709,-78.555496,-78.555571,-78.555873,-78.556707,-78.557103,-78.557407,-78.557872,-78.558527,-78.558688,-78.558643,-78.558799,-78.559494,-78.560044,-78.560712,-78.561196,-78.561637,-78.563202,-78.56387,-78.564096,-78.564493,-78.564876,-78.564935,-78.564751,-78.563912,-78.563181,-78.562207,-78.561595,-78.561279,-78.561263,-78.561517,-78.561991,-78.562659,-78.563582,-78.565103,-78.565861,-78.566244,-78.5664,-78.567322,-78.568445,-78.568716,-78.570377,-78.571214,-78.571794,-78.572772,-78.573361,-78.573794,-78.57402,-78.574792,-78.575651,-78.576845,-78.577589,-78.578228,-78.579549,-78.579657,-78.579991,-78.580321,-78.580422,-78.58039,-78.580231,-78.580139,-78.580065,-78.580013,-78.58008,-78.580746,-78.581684,-78.58237,-78.582887,-78.58316,-78.583323,-78.583258,-78.583409,-78.583769,-78.584323,-78.585787,-78.586638,-78.587064,-78.587351,-78.587832,-78.588377,-78.589283,-78.589469,-78.589791,-78.590385,-78.592091,-78.592433,-78.593077,-78.593326,-78.593215,-78.593192,-78.592862,-78.592856,-78.592714,-78.592561,-78.592411,-78.592297,-78.592002,-78.591945,-78.591992,-78.592133,-78.592455,-78.592804,-78.592933,-78.593284,-78.593552,-78.593854,-78.594065,-78.594208,-78.594142,-78.594231,-78.594471,-78.594878,-78.595179,-78.595955,-78.596629,-78.597283,-78.598579,-78.598633,-78.598985,-78.599195,-78.599453,-78.599619,-78.599951,-78.600362,-78.601486,-78.601811,-78.602031,-78.602442,-78.603329,-78.60406,-78.605135,-78.606027,-78.606662,-78.608067,-78.608523,-78.608899,-78.609114,-78.609435,-78.609647,-78.610113,-78.610178,-78.610261,-78.611117,-78.611406,-78.611773,-78.612074,-78.612717,-78.613109,-78.61408,-78.615574,-78.615681,-78.616286,-78.616691,-78.616962,-78.617115,-78.617391,-78.617442,-78.617356,-78.61684,-78.616754,-78.617082,-78.617322,-78.617681,-78.618476,-78.618818,-78.619301,-78.620206,-78.620796,-78.620843,-78.621215,-78.621681,-78.622204,-78.622427,-78.622598,-78.622705,-78.623112,-78.623785,-78.623919,-78.624257,-78.624839,-78.624987,-78.625107,-78.625767,-78.6259,-78.62593,-78.625728,-78.625608,-78.625683,-78.625828,-78.62585,-78.625902,-78.626171,-78.626685,-78.627039,-78.628224,-78.628669,-78.629002,-78.630317,-78.631998,-78.632028,-78.631869,-78.631528,-78.630854,-78.630616,-78.630375,-78.630301,-78.630223,-78.630323,-78.630546,-78.630773,-78.631138,-78.63227,-78.632607,-78.633241,-78.633764,-78.634629,-78.635474,-78.636253,-78.637004,-78.637096,-78.636469,-78.636277,-78.636254,-78.636471,-78.636422,-78.636489,-78.636749,-78.637317,-78.638214,-78.638499,-78.638727,-78.638794,-78.638671,-78.63818,-78.637633,-78.637477,-78.637569,-78.637356,-78.637266,-78.637118,-78.637115,-78.637329,-78.637869,-78.639012,-78.639592,-78.640012,-78.640133,-78.640022,-78.639578,-78.63943,-78.639489,-78.640302,-78.64038,-78.640858,-78.64116,-78.641419,-78.641651,-78.641857,-78.641842,-78.641896,-78.642126,-78.642967,-78.643105,-78.643562,-78.644103,-78.644224,-78.643892,-78.643925,-78.644032,-78.644354,-78.645207,-78.645936,-78.646442,-78.64664,-78.647069,-78.647371,-78.647781,-78.647801,-78.647875,-78.647898,-78.64794,-78.648237,-78.648482,-78.648237,-78.648042,-78.647693,-78.64767,-78.647667,-78.647677,-78.647705,-78.64775,-78.647831,-78.647926,-78.648034,-78.648638,-78.648767,-78.648926,-78.649025,-78.649094,-78.649658,-78.650016,-78.650236,-78.650338,-78.650468,-78.650571,-78.650936,-78.651005,-78.651082,-78.651134,-78.651195,-78.65123,-78.651253,-78.651264,-78.651253,-78.651226,-78.651123,-78.650809,-78.650712,-78.650636,-78.650571,-78.650507,-78.650369,-78.65035,-78.650349,-78.650366,-78.650402,-78.65052,-78.650739,-78.650988,-78.651151,-78.651295,-78.651649,-78.651715,-78.651772,-78.651827,-78.651859,-78.651885,-78.651892,-78.651881,-78.651852,-78.651793,-78.651574,-78.651553,-78.651285,-78.651257,-78.651242,-78.651241,-78.651254,-78.651274,-78.651358,-78.651422,-78.651452,-78.651469,-78.651469,-78.651427,-78.651312,-78.65126,-78.65119,-78.651123,-78.65093,-78.650764,-78.650329,-78.649573,-78.649352,-78.649268,-78.649439,-78.64964,-78.649772,-78.649859,-78.650056,-78.650228,-78.650315,-78.650412,-78.650473,-78.650922,-78.651738,-78.651848,-78.651933,-78.652054,-78.652132,-78.652157,-78.652386,-78.652571,-78.652737,-78.652859,-78.653144,-78.653337,-78.653613,-78.653907,-78.654001,-78.65404,-78.654108,-78.654145,-78.654194,-78.654229,-78.654283,-78.654391,-78.65446,-78.654502,-78.654547,-78.654633,-78.654979,-78.6552,-78.655497,-78.655726,-78.656071,-78.656443,-78.656594,-78.656823,-78.656906,-78.656986,-78.657019,-78.657048,-78.657187,-78.657284,-78.657429,-78.65752,-78.657601,-78.657734,-78.657918,-78.658025,-78.658134,-78.658237,-78.658559,-78.65919,-78.659522,-78.65991,-78.660443,-78.662137,-78.662712,-78.663075,-78.663295,-78.663416,-78.663731,-78.663786,-78.66385,-78.66406,-78.664221,-78.664272,-78.664362,-78.664456,-78.664551,-78.665026,-78.665234,-78.665531,-78.665755,-78.665851,-78.666003,-78.66609,-78.66618,-78.666235,-78.666343,-78.666423,-78.666632,-78.666814,-78.666965,-78.667107,-78.667265,-78.667385,-78.667497,-78.667586,-78.667694,-78.668092,-78.66832,-78.668789,-78.669664,-78.670029,-78.671079,-78.671602,-78.671868,-78.671907,-78.671974,-78.672001,-78.672277,-78.672417,-78.672562,-78.672666,-78.672736,-78.672786,-78.672824,-78.673157,-78.67406,-78.674469,-78.674561,-78.674619,-78.674682,-78.674747,-78.674784,-78.674839,-78.674953,-78.675239,-78.675638,-78.675761,-78.676035,-78.67637,-78.676984,-78.677197,-78.679002,-78.679322,-78.679765,-78.680093,-78.680567,-78.680882,-78.680962,-78.681114,-78.681257,-78.68148,-78.681781,-78.681911,-78.682057,-78.682147,-78.682249,-78.682339,-78.682438,-78.682546,-78.682635,-78.682897,-78.684018,-78.684553,-78.685761,-78.687244,-78.687733,-78.688377,-78.688641,-78.688735,-78.688969,-78.689218,-78.689601,-78.690285,-78.690761,-78.691077,-78.691153,-78.691209,-78.691399,-78.691706,-78.692145,-78.69267,-78.692661,-78.692648,-78.6926,-78.692534,-78.692398,-78.692347,-78.692323,-78.692274,-78.692183,-78.692134,-78.692135,-78.692151,-78.692192,-78.69225,-78.692453,-78.692701,-78.69283,-78.692936,-78.693075,-78.693216,-78.693585,-78.693927,-78.693982,-78.694009,-78.694025,-78.694039,-78.694099,-78.694238,-78.694307,-78.694363,-78.694412,-78.69453,-78.694571,-78.694592,-78.69453,-78.694565,-78.694564,-78.694571,-78.694565,-78.694537,-78.694426,-78.694419,-78.694439,-78.694474,-78.694558,-78.694669,-78.694697,-78.694787,-78.694822,-78.694891,-78.694947,-78.694995,-78.695121,-78.695162,-78.695197,-78.695266,-78.695336,-78.695454,-78.695549,-78.695569,-78.695574,-78.695576,-78.695601,-78.695656,-78.695705,-78.69576,-78.695795,-78.695829,-78.69585,-78.695857,-78.69585,-78.695802,-78.695732,-78.695572,-78.69544,-78.695329,-78.695211,-78.695201,-78.695183,-78.695211,-78.69526,-78.695257,-78.69528,-78.695312,-78.69535,-78.695413,-78.69551,-78.695698,-78.695809,-78.695933,-78.695948,-78.69598,-78.696014,-78.696036,-78.69617,-78.696386,-78.696691,-78.696789,-78.696949,-78.697101,-78.697206,-78.697393,-78.697727,-78.697894,-78.698095,-78.698283,-78.698415,-78.698797,-78.699256,-78.699393,-78.699416,-78.699624,-78.699777,-78.699944,-78.700097,-78.700271,-78.700375,-78.700556,-78.700653,-78.700799,-78.701105,-78.701133,-78.701438,-78.701786,-78.701946,-78.702036,-78.702175,-78.702279,-78.702557,-78.702676,-78.702884,-78.703099,-78.703322,-78.703544,-78.70376,-78.704636,-78.704858,-78.705046,-78.712314,-78.712375,-78.712755,-78.713082,-78.714496,-78.714634,-78.716081,-78.718244,-78.72265,-78.727457,-78.73013,-78.732649,-78.737435,-78.738683,-78.740875,-78.742547,-78.743727,-78.743758,-78.743797,-78.743823,-78.743826,-78.743809,-78.743778,-78.743756,-78.743752,-78.743765,-78.743903,-78.744094,-78.744142,-78.744213,-78.744564,-78.744681,-78.744794,-78.744899,-78.745248,-78.74575,-78.746687,-78.746791,-78.747099,-78.747549,-78.747775,-78.748162,-78.748588,-78.749168,-78.749242,-78.749376,-78.750532,-78.750822,-78.750928,-78.751047,-78.751131,-78.751276,-78.751422,-78.751539,-78.752057,-78.752564,-78.752886,-78.753676,-78.753857,-78.753968,-78.754118,-78.75429,-78.754393,-78.754514,-78.754972,-78.755179,-78.755234,-78.755351,-78.755451,-78.755554,-78.755668,-78.755781,-78.756408,-78.756646,-78.756819,-78.757505,-78.757617,-78.757745,-78.757894,-78.758034,-78.75845,-78.758575,-78.758773,-78.759029,-78.759248,-78.75947,-78.759724,-78.760039,-78.762171,-78.763283,-78.763391,-78.763716,-78.764106,-78.764279,-78.764414,-78.764513,-78.764829,-78.764975,-78.765109,-78.765194,-78.765396,-78.765791,-78.766006,-78.766272,-78.766396,-78.766464,-78.76659,-78.767054,-78.767154,-78.767575,-78.767833,-78.768154,-78.768351,-78.768482,-78.768561,-78.768849,-78.768969,-78.769081,-78.769343,-78.769556,-78.769646,-78.769792,-78.770453,-78.770718,-78.770819,-78.77092,-78.771071,-78.771132,-78.771641,-78.771693,-78.771751,-78.771877,-78.771998,-78.772161,-78.772344,-78.772501,-78.772626,-78.772753,-78.772897,-78.77339,-78.773562,-78.773706,-78.773921,-78.774185,-78.774564,-78.775077,-78.775282,-78.775452,-78.775618,-78.775844,-78.776483,-78.777126,-78.777668,-78.778556,-78.779416,-78.779602,-78.779887,-78.780129,-78.780182,-78.780226,-78.78026,-78.780301,-78.780592,-78.780647,-78.780728,-78.780793,-78.780868,-78.780888,-78.780971,-78.781077,-78.781113,-78.781133,-78.781135,-78.781108,-78.781095,-78.781119,-78.781152,-78.781047,-78.780968,-78.780703,-78.780703,-78.780733,-78.781176,-78.781409,-78.782102,-78.782744,-78.783201,-78.783522,-78.783749,-78.783788,-78.783833,-78.783826,-78.783819,-78.783672,-78.78295,-78.782829,-78.78256,-78.781948,-78.781657,-78.780863,-78.780692,-78.780155,-78.779766,-78.779579,-78.779362,-78.77934,-78.779207,-78.779041,-78.779211,-78.77984,-78.779979,-78.780972,-78.780981,-78.781049,-78.780379,-78.779988,-78.780027,-78.780258,-78.780403,-78.780487,-78.780553,-78.780407,-78.780654,-78.781594,-78.782742,-78.783798,-78.784367,-78.784794,-78.785377,-78.785602,-78.785687,-78.78579,-78.785788,-78.785774,-78.785853,-78.786231,-78.786797,-78.787245,-78.787292,-78.787544,-78.787424,-78.787376,-78.78727,-78.786896,-78.786262,-78.785676,-78.785455,-78.785311,-78.785307,-78.785294,-78.785356,-78.785667,-78.786184,-78.786288,-78.786792,-78.787038,-78.787124,-78.787187,-78.787092,-78.787043,-78.787014,-78.78723,-78.787386,-78.78734,-78.787288,-78.787722,-78.787863,-78.788073,-78.788036],"lat":[38.126787,38.127171,38.127524,38.129031,38.129069,38.129214,38.129215,38.129184,38.129137,38.129117,38.12922,38.129318,38.12973,38.129917,38.130531,38.130996,38.131495,38.131527,38.131694,38.132092,38.132618,38.132732,38.133151,38.133498,38.133981,38.1342,38.134344,38.134873,38.135569,38.136925,38.136946,38.137125,38.139067,38.139889,38.14001,38.140406,38.140519,38.140486,38.140454,38.140458,38.140691,38.141008,38.141768,38.142325,38.14355,38.145517,38.146207,38.146426,38.146865,38.147594,38.147792,38.149341,38.149611,38.14984,38.150038,38.151598,38.152795,38.152886,38.153362,38.15365,38.154049,38.154723,38.155163,38.155415,38.155843,38.156527,38.157504,38.158079,38.158431,38.158784,38.159676,38.160602,38.161022,38.162855,38.163075,38.163093,38.163199,38.1634,38.163547,38.164054,38.164718,38.165228,38.166101,38.166304,38.16648,38.167214,38.167378,38.167614,38.168017,38.16863,38.168962,38.169164,38.169614,38.170115,38.170684,38.17106,38.171313,38.171582,38.172683,38.173465,38.173485,38.174138,38.174529,38.174542,38.174614,38.175237,38.175664,38.175869,38.175957,38.176922,38.177117,38.177312,38.177505,38.177887,38.178067,38.178091,38.178906,38.179325,38.179911,38.180268,38.180634,38.180851,38.180973,38.181881,38.182229,38.182554,38.183407,38.183654,38.183778,38.183794,38.183979,38.184431,38.184922,38.184939,38.18554,38.185919,38.186714,38.186978,38.187197,38.188348,38.189136,38.189443,38.190433,38.191772,38.192709,38.193076,38.193433,38.193622,38.193831,38.194238,38.194888,38.194987,38.195046,38.195896,38.196203,38.196644,38.197072,38.197688,38.197906,38.198359,38.19876,38.198948,38.199386,38.199535,38.199786,38.200095,38.201284,38.202583,38.204227,38.204953,38.205755,38.206648,38.206729,38.206764,38.207234,38.20727,38.209054,38.209078,38.209656,38.211565,38.214431,38.21772,38.218945,38.219483,38.219294,38.219571,38.220098,38.221735,38.222034,38.222714,38.223885,38.225803,38.225835,38.227004,38.227883,38.228292,38.228394,38.228454,38.228839,38.229619,38.229972,38.230186,38.230981,38.231955,38.232419,38.232775,38.232918,38.232992,38.233013,38.233944,38.234314,38.234339,38.234463,38.234692,38.2353,38.235455,38.235513,38.235614,38.235867,38.238639,38.239162,38.239722,38.240395,38.240424,38.240466,38.241289,38.242016,38.242445,38.242868,38.243245,38.24437,38.24465,38.246438,38.246991,38.246198,38.246024,38.245953,38.245841,38.245738,38.246457,38.24683,38.247286,38.248838,38.249283,38.249855,38.249883,38.250144,38.251073,38.251282,38.251294,38.251406,38.251893,38.252424,38.252822,38.253637,38.254616,38.254882,38.254905,38.254729,38.254706,38.254696,38.254588,38.254409,38.254327,38.254132,38.254094,38.254073,38.253388,38.253255,38.253154,38.252875,38.252,38.251696,38.251166,38.250701,38.250428,38.25013,38.249844,38.248525,38.248118,38.248069,38.247925,38.247892,38.247684,38.247455,38.247327,38.247735,38.24782,38.248013,38.248319,38.248434,38.248464,38.24851,38.249194,38.249731,38.250675,38.251245,38.251258,38.251361,38.251602,38.251862,38.251962,38.252413,38.252425,38.252767,38.253476,38.253962,38.254456,38.254895,38.255375,38.256959,38.257563,38.257856,38.258043,38.258545,38.259058,38.259369,38.25969,38.259971,38.26026,38.260427,38.260632,38.260505,38.260566,38.260859,38.260899,38.261439,38.262064,38.262522,38.262821,38.263062,38.263247,38.263353,38.263495,38.263643,38.263875,38.26412,38.264459,38.264783,38.264998,38.265096,38.265249,38.265488,38.265743,38.26589,38.265942,38.266053,38.266432,38.266514,38.266615,38.267203,38.267723,38.267916,38.268079,38.268356,38.268822,38.269011,38.269481,38.269696,38.269816,38.270257,38.270835,38.270949,38.271034,38.27138,38.271685,38.271812,38.272547,38.273061,38.273585,38.274968,38.27535,38.276676,38.277213,38.277384,38.277604,38.277933,38.277047,38.276965,38.275325,38.274795,38.273347,38.273159,38.272536,38.268964,38.268633,38.264648,38.263271,38.262079,38.258172,38.254623,38.253523,38.251216,38.251002,38.250879,38.250861,38.250469,38.250133,38.24984,38.249735,38.249614,38.249579,38.24936,38.248965,38.248831,38.248583,38.248203,38.247898,38.247879,38.247784,38.247253,38.246408,38.246377,38.245688,38.2456,38.244881,38.24476,38.243892,38.243148,38.243094,38.243051,38.242979,38.242537,38.241909,38.241826,38.241783,38.241702,38.241674,38.241577,38.241491,38.24119,38.240334,38.240099,38.24001,38.239642,38.238631,38.238274,38.237994,38.237859,38.23744,38.237367,38.237333,38.236304,38.236227,38.235892,38.234986,38.231933,38.231897,38.231825,38.231625,38.231503,38.231467,38.231422,38.231356,38.231294,38.231197,38.231133,38.231082,38.230962,38.23093,38.230768,38.230641,38.23059,38.230539,38.230504,38.230479,38.23044,38.230222,38.230025,38.229923,38.229874,38.229787,38.229734,38.228917,38.2274,38.225719,38.224639,38.224504,38.222021,38.22113,38.219669,38.218891,38.216661,38.216117,38.215972,38.214796,38.214691,38.214047,38.213911,38.213759,38.213585,38.213433,38.213302,38.212965,38.212548,38.210888,38.210433,38.210221,38.209932,38.209677,38.209476,38.209269,38.208835,38.20681,38.206743,38.206429,38.205911,38.205614,38.205489,38.205201,38.205045,38.204469,38.204441,38.204345,38.204282,38.204233,38.204095,38.203987,38.20385,38.203716,38.203554,38.203393,38.203215,38.203032,38.202931,38.202838,38.202744,38.202622,38.202519,38.20249,38.202366,38.202229,38.202011,38.201781,38.201707,38.201498,38.20141,38.201351,38.201305,38.201274,38.201256,38.201245,38.201245,38.201234,38.201232,38.201211,38.201197,38.201163,38.201117,38.201059,38.201004,38.200943,38.200876,38.200315,38.200029,38.19977,38.199653,38.199566,38.199502,38.199391,38.199293,38.19908,38.199012,38.198914,38.198846,38.198751,38.198656,38.198555,38.198329,38.198096,38.197771,38.1974,38.196815,38.196623,38.196492,38.196393,38.19618,38.195891,38.195736,38.195532,38.195386,38.195157,38.195073,38.194986,38.194897,38.194779,38.194648,38.194515,38.1941,38.19384,38.193748,38.193506,38.193376,38.193088,38.192949,38.192895,38.192771,38.192617,38.192134,38.191766,38.191556,38.191459,38.191358,38.191103,38.190784,38.190035,38.189739,38.189479,38.189154,38.188949,38.188431,38.188229,38.188026,38.187774,38.186963,38.18671,38.186369,38.186247,38.186131,38.185993,38.185771,38.18565,38.185412,38.185231,38.185012,38.184793,38.184619,38.184511,38.184399,38.184278,38.184006,38.183864,38.18378,38.183688,38.183623,38.183527,38.183404,38.183262,38.183121,38.182927,38.182836,38.182756,38.182715,38.182676,38.182659,38.182634,38.182586,38.182576,38.182562,38.182567,38.182583,38.18261,38.182659,38.182709,38.182794,38.182806,38.1828,38.18278,38.182733,38.182662,38.182571,38.18239,38.182085,38.181875,38.181609,38.181453,38.181247,38.18112,38.181051,38.180853,38.180668,38.180352,38.179985,38.179715,38.179437,38.179258,38.179048,38.178568,38.17835,38.178167,38.178047,38.177995,38.177835,38.176958,38.176744,38.17649,38.176307,38.176162,38.176007,38.175872,38.175665,38.17535,38.174977,38.174518,38.174635,38.175864,38.176087,38.17625,38.176359,38.176496,38.176621,38.176789,38.176863,38.176952,38.177002,38.177104,38.177155,38.177198,38.177259,38.177294,38.177311,38.177321,38.177314,38.177291,38.17729,38.177281,38.177264,38.177184,38.177132,38.177086,38.177037,38.176967,38.176856,38.176776,38.176607,38.176539,38.176411,38.176218,38.176141,38.175948,38.175775,38.175624,38.175452,38.175343,38.17526,38.175022,38.17482,38.174677,38.174437,38.174029,38.17356,38.172552,38.172099,38.171707,38.171581,38.171442,38.171413,38.171347,38.171259,38.171058,38.170838,38.170777,38.170594,38.17035,38.170157,38.169977,38.169587,38.169446,38.16938,38.168962,38.168746,38.168646,38.168497,38.168364,38.167553,38.16731,38.166011,38.165729,38.165605,38.165418,38.165262,38.165061,38.164801,38.164334,38.164131,38.163934,38.163746,38.163569,38.163044,38.162497,38.162199,38.16196,38.161658,38.161398,38.161333,38.160028,38.159872,38.159725,38.158956,38.158507,38.158412,38.158182,38.157968,38.157659,38.157515,38.157194,38.157026,38.15689,38.156797,38.156156,38.155667,38.155521,38.155373,38.154813,38.154586,38.153824,38.153617,38.153422,38.153279,38.153138,38.153063,38.152941,38.152828,38.152259,38.152126,38.152062,38.151994,38.151924,38.151182,38.150417,38.150239,38.149523,38.149242,38.149111,38.148975,38.148811,38.148216,38.148145,38.14726,38.146842,38.146186,38.146029,38.145875,38.145392,38.14446,38.143892,38.143746,38.143648,38.143543,38.143432,38.143339,38.14318,38.14296,38.142794,38.142581,38.142275,38.142022,38.141816,38.141643,38.14149,38.141279,38.141105,38.140596,38.14039,38.13964,38.139508,38.139359,38.139196,38.138719,38.138566,38.138148,38.137538,38.137325,38.137154,38.137057,38.136801,38.136669,38.13659,38.136487,38.135849,38.135525,38.135283,38.13486,38.134538,38.133635,38.133123,38.132942,38.132848,38.132703,38.132279,38.132061,38.131825,38.131732,38.131634,38.131454,38.13108,38.130977,38.130481,38.130057,38.129805,38.129496,38.129189,38.128887,38.128638,38.128471,38.128417,38.128382,38.12835,38.128332,38.12833,38.128329,38.128337,38.128359,38.128403,38.128532,38.128581,38.12875,38.128808,38.128877,38.128956,38.129043,38.129447,38.129488,38.12953,38.129556,38.129577,38.129584,38.129579,38.129555,38.129521,38.129431,38.129373,38.129066,38.12901,38.12895,38.128902,38.12888,38.128694,38.128561,38.128317,38.128124,38.127937,38.127782,38.127601,38.126354,38.126222,38.12592,38.125796,38.125666,38.125534,38.125357,38.125157,38.124983,38.124809,38.124635,38.124506,38.124347,38.124313,38.12426,38.124202,38.12417,38.124145,38.124098,38.124077,38.123979,38.123878,38.123836,38.123576,38.123433,38.123256,38.123021,38.122683,38.122623,38.122613,38.122576,38.122431,38.122348,38.122187,38.121924,38.121899,38.121814,38.121694,38.121596,38.121552,38.12132,38.121306,38.121269,38.121262,38.121231,38.121296,38.121352,38.121409,38.121639,38.122171,38.122607,38.122875,38.123056,38.123197,38.123291,38.123405,38.123572,38.12373,38.123832,38.124043,38.124164,38.12435,38.124558,38.124638,38.12478,38.125132,38.125293,38.125434,38.12552,38.125974,38.126424,38.126555,38.127014,38.127181,38.127514,38.12769,38.127807,38.128286,38.128584,38.128602,38.12861,38.128635,38.128659,38.128726,38.128738,38.128719,38.128646,38.128558,38.128408,38.128197,38.128316,38.128517,38.128592,38.128921,38.129202,38.129409,38.129504,38.129709,38.129865,38.129959,38.130607,38.130744,38.130887,38.130931,38.130988,38.131033,38.131735,38.132614,38.132864,38.133247,38.133497,38.133999,38.134573,38.136187,38.136349,38.136841,38.137022,38.137231,38.138281,38.13853,38.138671,38.138803,38.138852,38.138767,38.138786,38.138628,38.138597,38.138368,38.138381,38.138166,38.138135,38.137799,38.137643,38.136801,38.136103,38.135506,38.135182,38.135067,38.135034,38.134583,38.134622,38.134834,38.134917,38.135179,38.135192,38.135858,38.136242,38.136682,38.137377,38.13817,38.138909,38.13912,38.139247,38.140749,38.140832,38.14119,38.141939,38.142059,38.14244,38.142459,38.142776,38.142947,38.143284,38.143404,38.143249,38.142919,38.142484,38.142001,38.14032,38.140074,38.139739,38.139274,38.138853,38.138406,38.138125,38.137947,38.137856,38.137889,38.137789,38.137691,38.137478,38.136981,38.136529,38.136129,38.135455,38.135265,38.135142,38.135052,38.135019,38.134685,38.133976,38.133416,38.133214,38.132969,38.132742,38.132187,38.131766,38.131571,38.13113,38.130821,38.130735,38.130761,38.130916,38.131054,38.131135,38.131132,38.130862,38.130123,38.129804,38.12962,38.129477,38.12936,38.129364,38.129214,38.128653,38.128746,38.12908,38.129423,38.129482,38.129414,38.129403,38.129312,38.128962,38.128574,38.128293,38.128127,38.127816,38.127719,38.127435,38.127119,38.126836,38.126484,38.126396,38.126203,38.125925,38.125148,38.125063,38.125,38.12482,38.124267,38.123729,38.1227,38.122443,38.122361,38.122477,38.122428,38.12246,38.122371,38.122137,38.121891,38.121683,38.121272,38.120804,38.120374,38.119995,38.119551,38.118641,38.118169,38.117947,38.117898,38.117958,38.117669,38.117633,38.117796,38.117928,38.117988,38.117605,38.117644,38.117556,38.117386,38.117505,38.118118,38.118202,38.118156,38.118188,38.1179,38.117442,38.116561,38.116196,38.11607,38.116224,38.116167,38.116142,38.115936,38.115514,38.115256,38.114943,38.114349,38.114265,38.113895,38.113614,38.112984,38.112393,38.111874,38.111477,38.111117,38.110632,38.110514,38.109882,38.109353,38.108997,38.108554,38.108132,38.107721,38.107109,38.106761,38.10595,38.10412,38.103929,38.103757,38.103625,38.103543,38.103483,38.10314,38.102775,38.10263,38.102603,38.102275,38.101911,38.101715,38.100598,38.098871,38.098564,38.098231,38.098078,38.097686,38.097488,38.097317,38.097287,38.097276,38.097181,38.097038,38.096755,38.096459,38.095862,38.095744,38.095176,38.094956,38.095015,38.095131,38.095605,38.09592,38.096122,38.096381,38.096441,38.096838,38.096941,38.097232,38.097909,38.098284,38.098524,38.098722,38.098732,38.0987,38.098641,38.09826,38.097748,38.096777,38.096179,38.095871,38.095673,38.09543,38.09474,38.093646,38.092494,38.092198,38.092011,38.091958,38.091972,38.092119,38.092087,38.091922,38.091639,38.090715,38.090444,38.090693,38.090907,38.09085,38.090864,38.09074,38.090779,38.090729,38.09055,38.09034,38.09011,38.089528,38.089298,38.08851,38.08829,38.08816,38.088165,38.088106,38.087848,38.086998,38.086683,38.086291,38.085909,38.085721,38.085688,38.085538,38.085018,38.084961,38.085019,38.084753,38.084191,38.083949,38.08367,38.083643,38.083439,38.083026,38.082863,38.082541,38.082035,38.081733,38.081417,38.081339,38.081307,38.081085,38.080942,38.080944,38.081031,38.081164,38.081264,38.081239,38.081029,38.080652,38.08033,38.080017,38.079678,38.079363,38.079184,38.078844,38.07874,38.077495,38.077074,38.076924,38.076957,38.07719,38.077353,38.07751,38.0776,38.077567,38.077473,38.077267,38.076943,38.076543,38.076157,38.07545,38.074878,38.074584,38.073672,38.073484,38.073203,38.073095,38.073067,38.073232,38.073019,38.072652,38.072372,38.0721,38.071413,38.071153,38.071022,38.070636,38.070351,38.070338,38.070172,38.06999,38.069875,38.069771,38.0691,38.06922,38.069026,38.068716,38.068592,38.068492,38.068325,38.06808,38.067616,38.067482,38.067317,38.067158,38.066922,38.066683,38.066458,38.066411,38.066414,38.066244,38.065856,38.065477,38.065324,38.064821,38.064512,38.064138,38.063997,38.06394,38.063768,38.063528,38.063414,38.06345,38.063406,38.063177,38.062894,38.062644,38.062266,38.061987,38.061986,38.061988,38.061999,38.062016,38.062393,38.062729,38.063331,38.063413,38.063488,38.063552,38.063628,38.063695,38.063783,38.063861,38.063929,38.064348,38.06443,38.06454,38.064592,38.06462,38.064721,38.064766,38.064801,38.064812,38.064812,38.064802,38.064723,38.06472,38.064733,38.064756,38.064808,38.06486,38.064932,38.065008,38.065117,38.065194,38.065364,38.065778,38.065924,38.066059,38.066212,38.066423,38.06687,38.066969,38.067076,38.067153,38.067225,38.06737,38.067632,38.067943,38.068135,38.068331,38.068846,38.068963,38.069084,38.069237,38.069361,38.069525,38.069731,38.069952,38.070137,38.070328,38.070916,38.070967,38.071621,38.071728,38.071837,38.071988,38.072109,38.07221,38.072511,38.072715,38.07282,38.072939,38.073046,38.073278,38.073802,38.073966,38.074126,38.07425,38.074511,38.074713,38.075275,38.076304,38.076597,38.076684,38.076976,38.077307,38.07746,38.077547,38.077706,38.077832,38.077882,38.07792,38.077937,38.078085,38.078342,38.078398,38.078454,38.078547,38.078628,38.078661,38.079014,38.079237,38.079419,38.07953,38.079738,38.079874,38.080049,38.08025,38.080332,38.080373,38.080462,38.080521,38.080639,38.080722,38.080885,38.081353,38.081612,38.081706,38.081777,38.081876,38.082158,38.082332,38.082631,38.082878,38.083198,38.083525,38.083658,38.083878,38.083982,38.084116,38.084193,38.084281,38.084831,38.085234,38.085776,38.086094,38.086374,38.086865,38.087472,38.087826,38.088209,38.08857,38.089544,38.089486,38.08947,38.089473,38.089495,38.089596,38.089636,38.089657,38.089668,38.089672,38.089676,38.089666,38.089643,38.089503,38.089417,38.089396,38.089372,38.089362,38.089368,38.089384,38.089372,38.089336,38.089293,38.089264,38.089218,38.089203,38.089203,38.089212,38.089254,38.089303,38.089482,38.089616,38.089701,38.089758,38.089801,38.089822,38.089825,38.089818,38.089796,38.089657,38.089585,38.089401,38.089019,38.088879,38.088469,38.08827,38.088194,38.088187,38.088187,38.088191,38.088273,38.088306,38.088324,38.088308,38.088289,38.088269,38.088251,38.088028,38.087384,38.087083,38.087027,38.087004,38.086995,38.087,38.08701,38.087036,38.087137,38.087464,38.087896,38.088034,38.088316,38.088673,38.089323,38.089557,38.091464,38.091804,38.092285,38.092629,38.093112,38.093425,38.093499,38.093652,38.093811,38.094089,38.094508,38.094672,38.094855,38.094945,38.095027,38.095083,38.095126,38.095156,38.09517,38.095173,38.095128,38.095119,38.09507,38.095033,38.095018,38.095004,38.095003,38.094999,38.094977,38.09496,38.094961,38.094951,38.094939,38.094947,38.094966,38.094991,38.095125,38.095366,38.095681,38.095427,38.095528,38.095681,38.095931,38.096216,38.096752,38.097023,38.097221,38.097517,38.097936,38.098126,38.098198,38.098257,38.098334,38.098405,38.098601,38.098852,38.098959,38.099035,38.099107,38.099172,38.099389,38.099621,38.099661,38.099693,38.099728,38.099852,38.099869,38.09994,38.100001,38.100144,38.100215,38.100341,38.100407,38.100462,38.100781,38.100934,38.101176,38.101291,38.101363,38.101456,38.10178,38.101879,38.102219,38.102351,38.102472,38.102543,38.102554,38.10262,38.102664,38.102845,38.102933,38.102988,38.103103,38.103125,38.103164,38.10323,38.103323,38.103543,38.103693,38.103708,38.103738,38.103766,38.10379,38.103893,38.10394,38.103993,38.104053,38.104158,38.104246,38.104361,38.104471,38.104602,38.104718,38.104899,38.10502,38.105146,38.1053,38.105363,38.105481,38.105618,38.105734,38.105774,38.10582,38.10586,38.105904,38.105986,38.106085,38.106244,38.106354,38.106439,38.106459,38.10647,38.106484,38.106502,38.106579,38.106634,38.106761,38.106815,38.106881,38.106936,38.106964,38.106991,38.10703,38.107041,38.107063,38.107073,38.107101,38.107244,38.107326,38.107359,38.107359,38.107447,38.107491,38.107496,38.10754,38.107672,38.107776,38.107881,38.107913,38.107946,38.107996,38.107996,38.10804,38.108073,38.108084,38.108133,38.108221,38.108292,38.108435,38.108484,38.108539,38.108567,38.108578,38.10855,38.108517,38.108462,38.108479,38.108506,38.109368,38.109607,38.109908,38.110162,38.110581,38.110583,38.110474,38.110312,38.109688,38.10898,38.108608,38.108316,38.107564,38.107277,38.106774,38.106441,38.106118,38.106089,38.106034,38.105961,38.10591,38.105835,38.10578,38.105727,38.105671,38.105616,38.105395,38.105144,38.105111,38.105088,38.105076,38.105058,38.105025,38.104978,38.104759,38.104404,38.103746,38.103681,38.103487,38.103185,38.103026,38.102729,38.102359,38.101859,38.1018,38.101708,38.10105,38.100864,38.100805,38.100764,38.100747,38.10073,38.100727,38.100735,38.100812,38.100869,38.100889,38.100898,38.10089,38.100876,38.100848,38.100803,38.100769,38.100714,38.100453,38.100354,38.100335,38.100311,38.100307,38.100316,38.10032,38.100309,38.100101,38.100038,38.100006,38.099949,38.099933,38.099897,38.099839,38.099769,38.099498,38.099429,38.099341,38.099273,38.099231,38.099202,38.09918,38.099168,38.099235,38.099251,38.099235,38.099127,38.098979,38.098901,38.09882,38.098748,38.098474,38.098375,38.098306,38.09827,38.098195,38.098033,38.097933,38.097799,38.09772,38.097666,38.097546,38.097148,38.097076,38.096794,38.096639,38.09647,38.096375,38.096329,38.096303,38.09622,38.096174,38.096115,38.095954,38.095801,38.095746,38.095679,38.09547,38.0954,38.095387,38.095388,38.095409,38.095417,38.095517,38.095519,38.09551,38.095455,38.095473,38.095479,38.095493,38.095489,38.095474,38.095438,38.095378,38.095096,38.095016,38.094961,38.094905,38.094857,38.094818,38.09478,38.094768,38.094781,38.094807,38.094867,38.095153,38.095382,38.095591,38.095869,38.096151,38.0962,38.096257,38.09629,38.096294,38.096303,38.096319,38.096343,38.096635,38.096683,38.096775,38.096886,38.096984,38.09701,38.09709,38.097166,38.097204,38.097248,38.097295,38.097376,38.097465,38.097862,38.097835,38.098181,38.098277,38.098598,38.098949,38.098959,38.099129,38.099218,38.099201,38.099231,38.09938,38.099649,38.099851,38.100047,38.100279,38.100534,38.100812,38.101033,38.101528,38.101883,38.102673,38.102841,38.102922,38.103546,38.103714,38.104242,38.104812,38.105086,38.105516,38.105559,38.105825,38.106491,38.106875,38.107164,38.107228,38.107639,38.107696,38.108112,38.108926,38.109563,38.110006,38.110305,38.110493,38.110819,38.111077,38.112072,38.112784,38.113079,38.113284,38.114321,38.114378,38.114422,38.11441,38.114405,38.114445,38.114494,38.1146,38.115177,38.116112,38.116779,38.117179,38.117178,38.11718,38.117288,38.117682,38.117806,38.118128,38.118559,38.118754,38.118933,38.11912,38.119242,38.119362,38.119701,38.120743,38.120972,38.120984,38.120986,38.121122,38.121386,38.12146,38.121921,38.122589,38.122968,38.123395,38.123809,38.124182,38.124456,38.125134,38.125881,38.126078,38.126404,38.126787]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.67148,-78.671339,-78.671224,-78.671174,-78.67105,-78.670757,-78.669426,-78.668757,-78.668506,-78.667893,-78.667625,-78.667628,-78.667315,-78.667134,-78.66692,-78.66687,-78.666639,-78.666304,-78.665636,-78.6654,-78.665076,-78.6647,-78.664432,-78.664199,-78.663953,-78.663742,-78.663678,-78.663916,-78.66464,-78.664955,-78.66486,-78.664048,-78.663924,-78.663696,-78.663613,-78.663365,-78.662615,-78.661923,-78.660941,-78.660439,-78.659805,-78.659644,-78.65942,-78.65969,-78.659842,-78.659798,-78.659933,-78.659824,-78.659585,-78.659587,-78.6598,-78.660253,-78.660417,-78.660712,-78.661068,-78.661408,-78.661955,-78.66225,-78.662405,-78.662321,-78.66176,-78.661425,-78.661267,-78.661471,-78.66144,-78.661307,-78.661121,-78.660647,-78.658619,-78.657931,-78.657839,-78.657932,-78.657893,-78.657653,-78.657956,-78.65803,-78.657963,-78.657481,-78.657369,-78.657137,-78.656387,-78.655535,-78.655462,-78.6544,-78.654063,-78.653385,-78.652828,-78.652354,-78.651925,-78.651689,-78.65145,-78.651408,-78.651658,-78.651661,-78.650811,-78.650616,-78.65034,-78.650035,-78.649611,-78.649343,-78.649254,-78.649184,-78.648239,-78.647991,-78.647875,-78.647801,-78.647781,-78.647371,-78.647069,-78.64664,-78.646442,-78.645936,-78.645207,-78.644354,-78.644032,-78.643925,-78.643892,-78.644224,-78.644103,-78.643562,-78.643105,-78.642967,-78.642126,-78.641896,-78.641842,-78.641857,-78.641651,-78.641419,-78.64116,-78.640858,-78.64038,-78.640302,-78.639489,-78.63943,-78.639578,-78.640022,-78.640133,-78.640012,-78.639592,-78.639012,-78.637869,-78.637329,-78.637115,-78.637118,-78.637266,-78.637356,-78.637569,-78.637477,-78.637633,-78.63818,-78.638671,-78.638794,-78.638727,-78.638499,-78.638214,-78.637317,-78.636749,-78.636489,-78.636422,-78.636471,-78.636254,-78.636277,-78.636469,-78.637096,-78.637004,-78.636253,-78.635474,-78.634629,-78.633764,-78.633241,-78.632607,-78.63227,-78.631138,-78.630773,-78.630546,-78.630323,-78.630223,-78.630301,-78.630375,-78.630616,-78.630854,-78.631528,-78.631869,-78.632028,-78.631998,-78.630317,-78.629002,-78.628669,-78.628224,-78.627039,-78.626685,-78.626171,-78.625902,-78.62585,-78.625828,-78.625683,-78.625608,-78.625728,-78.62593,-78.6259,-78.625767,-78.625107,-78.624987,-78.624839,-78.624257,-78.623919,-78.623785,-78.623112,-78.622705,-78.622598,-78.622427,-78.622204,-78.621681,-78.621215,-78.620843,-78.620796,-78.620206,-78.619301,-78.618818,-78.618476,-78.617681,-78.617322,-78.617082,-78.616754,-78.61684,-78.617356,-78.617442,-78.617391,-78.617115,-78.616962,-78.616691,-78.616286,-78.615681,-78.615574,-78.61408,-78.613109,-78.612717,-78.612074,-78.611773,-78.611406,-78.611117,-78.610261,-78.610178,-78.610113,-78.609647,-78.609435,-78.609114,-78.608899,-78.608523,-78.608067,-78.606662,-78.606027,-78.605135,-78.60406,-78.603329,-78.602442,-78.602031,-78.601811,-78.601486,-78.600362,-78.599951,-78.599619,-78.599453,-78.599195,-78.598985,-78.598633,-78.598579,-78.597283,-78.596629,-78.595955,-78.595179,-78.594878,-78.594471,-78.594231,-78.594142,-78.594208,-78.594065,-78.593854,-78.593552,-78.593284,-78.592933,-78.592804,-78.592455,-78.592133,-78.591992,-78.591945,-78.592002,-78.592297,-78.592411,-78.592561,-78.592714,-78.592856,-78.592862,-78.593192,-78.593082,-78.591847,-78.590184,-78.589936,-78.589691,-78.58945,-78.589302,-78.589044,-78.588794,-78.588273,-78.587938,-78.587608,-78.587439,-78.587262,-78.586754,-78.586433,-78.585088,-78.584913,-78.584734,-78.584555,-78.584351,-78.584134,-78.583911,-78.583681,-78.583494,-78.583354,-78.583026,-78.582822,-78.582621,-78.582094,-78.581623,-78.581459,-78.581344,-78.581207,-78.581081,-78.580926,-78.580746,-78.580564,-78.580032,-78.579802,-78.579613,-78.579386,-78.57926,-78.579143,-78.579036,-78.578991,-78.578895,-78.578591,-78.57815,-78.578031,-78.577943,-78.577813,-78.577758,-78.576806,-78.576558,-78.576109,-78.575783,-78.575668,-78.575487,-78.575332,-78.575145,-78.574999,-78.574808,-78.574656,-78.572827,-78.571946,-78.571491,-78.570108,-78.569603,-78.569465,-78.568771,-78.567779,-78.567117,-78.566844,-78.566532,-78.565579,-78.56512,-78.564836,-78.564305,-78.563776,-78.562554,-78.562266,-78.561263,-78.560909,-78.560672,-78.560506,-78.560297,-78.560088,-78.559857,-78.559713,-78.559566,-78.55889,-78.558786,-78.558119,-78.557961,-78.557133,-78.556795,-78.556336,-78.555839,-78.555295,-78.55513,-78.554765,-78.554252,-78.553747,-78.5518,-78.551524,-78.550073,-78.549445,-78.548519,-78.548035,-78.547645,-78.547448,-78.547224,-78.547016,-78.546517,-78.545869,-78.545513,-78.545358,-78.545218,-78.545093,-78.5449,-78.544713,-78.54449,-78.543825,-78.543777,-78.5436,-78.543375,-78.543209,-78.543117,-78.543017,-78.54297,-78.542936,-78.54292,-78.542919,-78.542959,-78.542963,-78.542971,-78.542999,-78.543047,-78.543078,-78.543079,-78.543072,-78.543044,-78.542979,-78.542705,-78.542621,-78.542577,-78.54255,-78.542542,-78.542547,-78.542573,-78.542609,-78.542754,-78.542992,-78.543105,-78.54314,-78.543184,-78.543213,-78.543221,-78.543212,-78.543169,-78.543148,-78.543144,-78.543163,-78.543196,-78.543277,-78.543468,-78.543644,-78.543687,-78.54371,-78.543722,-78.543728,-78.543736,-78.543735,-78.543734,-78.543721,-78.54369,-78.543654,-78.543614,-78.543549,-78.543483,-78.5434,-78.543308,-78.543137,-78.542987,-78.542788,-78.542578,-78.542491,-78.542082,-78.540007,-78.539897,-78.539722,-78.539574,-78.539345,-78.538651,-78.538403,-78.537999,-78.537567,-78.537387,-78.537264,-78.537104,-78.536935,-78.536523,-78.536316,-78.536192,-78.536045,-78.535909,-78.535837,-78.534187,-78.532261,-78.531575,-78.531297,-78.531413,-78.531851,-78.53187,-78.531905,-78.531922,-78.531921,-78.531901,-78.53186,-78.531805,-78.531769,-78.531759,-78.531736,-78.531702,-78.531672,-78.531635,-78.531573,-78.531495,-78.531341,-78.531282,-78.531107,-78.531086,-78.531067,-78.531061,-78.531067,-78.531114,-78.53116,-78.531182,-78.531224,-78.531268,-78.531339,-78.531504,-78.531602,-78.531714,-78.531863,-78.532032,-78.532116,-78.532183,-78.532311,-78.532477,-78.532649,-78.532844,-78.532894,-78.532964,-78.5331,-78.533258,-78.533331,-78.53338,-78.533428,-78.53346,-78.533475,-78.533474,-78.533473,-78.533434,-78.533407,-78.533361,-78.533303,-78.53298,-78.532964,-78.532941,-78.532928,-78.532937,-78.532974,-78.533087,-78.533144,-78.533199,-78.533233,-78.533242,-78.533253,-78.533344,-78.533406,-78.533403,-78.53338,-78.533337,-78.533276,-78.533207,-78.533169,-78.533149,-78.533148,-78.533152,-78.53316,-78.533184,-78.533246,-78.533293,-78.533317,-78.533328,-78.533317,-78.533288,-78.533242,-78.533181,-78.532998,-78.532836,-78.532504,-78.532445,-78.5324,-78.532389,-78.532372,-78.532357,-78.532364,-78.532388,-78.532582,-78.532611,-78.532639,-78.532682,-78.532719,-78.532755,-78.532795,-78.532866,-78.532912,-78.533038,-78.533296,-78.533439,-78.533526,-78.533598,-78.533666,-78.533691,-78.533697,-78.533687,-78.533658,-78.533532,-78.533494,-78.533432,-78.533408,-78.533367,-78.533333,-78.533236,-78.532733,-78.532562,-78.532218,-78.531891,-78.531741,-78.531683,-78.531626,-78.531614,-78.531555,-78.531475,-78.531383,-78.531345,-78.531251,-78.530934,-78.530824,-78.530728,-78.530678,-78.53063,-78.530604,-78.530587,-78.530607,-78.530611,-78.530621,-78.530607,-78.530591,-78.530557,-78.530408,-78.530209,-78.529914,-78.52977,-78.528335,-78.528179,-78.527931,-78.527589,-78.526328,-78.526212,-78.526182,-78.526401,-78.525256,-78.524633,-78.524725,-78.524894,-78.52501,-78.525929,-78.526004,-78.52604,-78.526122,-78.526292,-78.526408,-78.52656,-78.526648,-78.52672,-78.526752,-78.526778,-78.526872,-78.526876,-78.526882,-78.526919,-78.526966,-78.527039,-78.527152,-78.527246,-78.527781,-78.527877,-78.528372,-78.52843,-78.528489,-78.528575,-78.528641,-78.528742,-78.528832,-78.528846,-78.528961,-78.529106,-78.529268,-78.529482,-78.529676,-78.529886,-78.529912,-78.530109,-78.530358,-78.530627,-78.530908,-78.531201,-78.531629,-78.531787,-78.53303,-78.53423,-78.534877,-78.535472,-78.536703,-78.536821,-78.537147,-78.537412,-78.537903,-78.538691,-78.539173,-78.539989,-78.54033,-78.541109,-78.541204,-78.542314,-78.542612,-78.543116,-78.543684,-78.54425,-78.544801,-78.544985,-78.545504,-78.546023,-78.547547,-78.549381,-78.552097,-78.553888,-78.555545,-78.556647,-78.55721,-78.558594,-78.560399,-78.562258,-78.562315,-78.564263,-78.56771,-78.568465,-78.569334,-78.570378,-78.571068,-78.571718,-78.572341,-78.573266,-78.573827,-78.574384,-78.574745,-78.575347,-78.575576,-78.576237,-78.576762,-78.577408,-78.577816,-78.578202,-78.578967,-78.579611,-78.580478,-78.58109,-78.581568,-78.582758,-78.584811,-78.585943,-78.588766,-78.589761,-78.5903,-78.590544,-78.59159,-78.592166,-78.593563,-78.596275,-78.596694,-78.597036,-78.597257,-78.597583,-78.598111,-78.598353,-78.59859,-78.599006,-78.59958,-78.600229,-78.600244,-78.600739,-78.601072,-78.601256,-78.60185,-78.602012,-78.602409,-78.60321,-78.603932,-78.6043,-78.604946,-78.605717,-78.606658,-78.607356,-78.607727,-78.608279,-78.608989,-78.609773,-78.610671,-78.611344,-78.612166,-78.612555,-78.612708,-78.613805,-78.614537,-78.614916,-78.615616,-78.616161,-78.616706,-78.617674,-78.619423,-78.621762,-78.622509,-78.623489,-78.623811,-78.624276,-78.624473,-78.624666,-78.624913,-78.625047,-78.625524,-78.625836,-78.626055,-78.626271,-78.62648,-78.626962,-78.627158,-78.628543,-78.62978,-78.63004,-78.630325,-78.630595,-78.630784,-78.630892,-78.631072,-78.63126,-78.631481,-78.63166,-78.631938,-78.632071,-78.632315,-78.63297,-78.633316,-78.63447,-78.634996,-78.636223,-78.636637,-78.637188,-78.642109,-78.642942,-78.644287,-78.646417,-78.647916,-78.648994,-78.651157,-78.654703,-78.655528,-78.656441,-78.6568,-78.657381,-78.658324,-78.65892,-78.659723,-78.660455,-78.660844,-78.661818,-78.663972,-78.668019,-78.668901,-78.671378,-78.67148],"lat":[38.03132,38.031776,38.031868,38.032079,38.032206,38.032454,38.033135,38.033584,38.033657,38.033678,38.033821,38.033993,38.034139,38.034114,38.034228,38.034439,38.034623,38.035047,38.035496,38.035898,38.036061,38.036088,38.036231,38.036444,38.03667,38.036967,38.037829,38.038008,38.038111,38.038556,38.03876,38.039224,38.039352,38.039718,38.040069,38.040324,38.040725,38.04088,38.041465,38.041611,38.04152,38.041606,38.042155,38.042593,38.042941,38.043515,38.043934,38.04439,38.04461,38.045191,38.045475,38.04554,38.045636,38.045969,38.046637,38.046976,38.047235,38.047568,38.048098,38.048449,38.04884,38.049264,38.049931,38.050449,38.050972,38.051534,38.051725,38.051947,38.052601,38.052938,38.053324,38.053918,38.054275,38.054894,38.055191,38.055274,38.055555,38.055813,38.056087,38.056272,38.056672,38.056514,38.056431,38.05617,38.056013,38.055916,38.05609,38.056313,38.056542,38.056943,38.057163,38.057339,38.057665,38.057847,38.058669,38.058895,38.059073,38.059174,38.059186,38.059329,38.059897,38.059996,38.060623,38.061554,38.061987,38.062266,38.062644,38.062894,38.063177,38.063406,38.06345,38.063414,38.063528,38.063768,38.06394,38.063997,38.064138,38.064512,38.064821,38.065324,38.065477,38.065856,38.066244,38.066414,38.066411,38.066458,38.066683,38.066922,38.067158,38.067317,38.067482,38.067616,38.06808,38.068325,38.068492,38.068592,38.068716,38.069026,38.06922,38.0691,38.069771,38.069875,38.06999,38.070172,38.070338,38.070351,38.070636,38.071022,38.071153,38.071413,38.0721,38.072372,38.072652,38.073019,38.073232,38.073067,38.073095,38.073203,38.073484,38.073672,38.074584,38.074878,38.07545,38.076157,38.076543,38.076943,38.077267,38.077473,38.077567,38.0776,38.07751,38.077353,38.07719,38.076957,38.076924,38.077074,38.077495,38.07874,38.078844,38.079184,38.079363,38.079678,38.080017,38.08033,38.080652,38.081029,38.081239,38.081264,38.081164,38.081031,38.080944,38.080942,38.081085,38.081307,38.081339,38.081417,38.081733,38.082035,38.082541,38.082863,38.083026,38.083439,38.083643,38.08367,38.083949,38.084191,38.084753,38.085019,38.084961,38.085018,38.085538,38.085688,38.085721,38.085909,38.086291,38.086683,38.086998,38.087848,38.088106,38.088165,38.08816,38.08829,38.08851,38.089298,38.089528,38.09011,38.09034,38.09055,38.090729,38.090779,38.09074,38.090864,38.09085,38.090907,38.090693,38.090444,38.090715,38.091639,38.091922,38.092087,38.092119,38.091972,38.091958,38.092011,38.092198,38.092494,38.093646,38.09474,38.09543,38.095673,38.095871,38.096179,38.096777,38.097748,38.09826,38.098641,38.0987,38.098732,38.098722,38.098524,38.098284,38.097909,38.097232,38.096941,38.096838,38.096441,38.096381,38.096122,38.09592,38.095605,38.095131,38.095015,38.094956,38.095176,38.095744,38.095862,38.096459,38.096755,38.097038,38.097181,38.097276,38.097287,38.097317,38.097488,38.097686,38.098078,38.098231,38.098564,38.098871,38.100598,38.101715,38.101911,38.102275,38.102603,38.102604,38.102605,38.102611,38.102628,38.10266,38.102706,38.102744,38.10283,38.10293,38.103168,38.103357,38.103556,38.103638,38.103707,38.103872,38.103965,38.104297,38.104326,38.104341,38.104343,38.104326,38.104292,38.104249,38.104219,38.104205,38.104201,38.104213,38.104236,38.104273,38.104394,38.104495,38.10452,38.104528,38.104528,38.104518,38.104493,38.104447,38.104379,38.104169,38.104094,38.104044,38.103994,38.103953,38.103898,38.103832,38.103797,38.103707,38.103345,38.102819,38.102704,38.102635,38.102554,38.102524,38.102066,38.10194,38.101715,38.101568,38.101527,38.101483,38.101462,38.101455,38.101459,38.101476,38.1015,38.101857,38.102027,38.102117,38.102397,38.102497,38.102521,38.102661,38.102863,38.102988,38.103028,38.103063,38.103144,38.103197,38.103239,38.10333,38.103449,38.103753,38.103824,38.10407,38.104139,38.104174,38.104188,38.104193,38.104184,38.104153,38.104129,38.104101,38.103957,38.103932,38.103773,38.103735,38.103541,38.103451,38.103313,38.103153,38.10298,38.10293,38.102818,38.102661,38.102522,38.102003,38.101929,38.10154,38.101376,38.101125,38.100979,38.100851,38.100762,38.10064,38.100502,38.100107,38.099598,38.099309,38.099165,38.099011,38.098849,38.098575,38.098286,38.097894,38.096692,38.096605,38.096299,38.095958,38.095723,38.095578,38.095392,38.095277,38.095145,38.09501,38.094963,38.094282,38.094221,38.09408,38.093621,38.092992,38.092453,38.092253,38.092175,38.092045,38.091881,38.091416,38.091262,38.091142,38.091019,38.09092,38.09081,38.090662,38.090546,38.090169,38.089596,38.089277,38.089157,38.088969,38.088784,38.088555,38.088403,38.088101,38.087849,38.087597,38.087463,38.087291,38.08701,38.086464,38.085969,38.085787,38.085639,38.085456,38.085003,38.084255,38.083978,38.083691,38.083444,38.083255,38.083135,38.083041,38.082929,38.082839,38.082743,38.082652,38.082507,38.082394,38.082262,38.082142,38.082098,38.081913,38.080991,38.080935,38.080831,38.080728,38.080546,38.079952,38.079749,38.079438,38.079121,38.079007,38.078942,38.07887,38.078812,38.078687,38.078613,38.078558,38.078479,38.078389,38.078333,38.076931,38.07529,38.074706,38.074469,38.074242,38.073468,38.073441,38.073369,38.073293,38.073215,38.07314,38.073055,38.072919,38.072778,38.072581,38.072347,38.072063,38.071925,38.071816,38.071684,38.071558,38.071359,38.071256,38.070789,38.070718,38.070616,38.070502,38.07042,38.070068,38.069834,38.069769,38.069692,38.069637,38.069571,38.069468,38.069396,38.069296,38.069174,38.069067,38.069023,38.068991,38.068938,38.068884,38.06882,38.068728,38.0687,38.068665,38.068586,38.068475,38.068415,38.06836,38.068285,38.068206,38.068123,38.068066,38.06799,38.067563,38.067433,38.067305,38.067198,38.066701,38.06667,38.066606,38.066525,38.066427,38.066312,38.066111,38.065982,38.065818,38.065597,38.065514,38.065365,38.064697,38.064255,38.064149,38.06405,38.063935,38.063825,38.063725,38.063637,38.063545,38.063452,38.063418,38.063379,38.063307,38.063186,38.063068,38.062971,38.062881,38.062812,38.062746,38.062687,38.062637,38.062528,38.06242,38.062121,38.062056,38.061984,38.061957,38.061904,38.061806,38.061689,38.061593,38.061166,38.061111,38.061038,38.060901,38.060728,38.060615,38.060525,38.06043,38.060382,38.060265,38.060067,38.059941,38.059828,38.059709,38.05955,38.05945,38.059348,38.059265,38.059162,38.0589,38.05884,38.05876,38.058734,38.058693,38.058663,38.058592,38.058266,38.05815,38.057914,38.0577,38.057596,38.057545,38.057484,38.057472,38.057394,38.057252,38.057122,38.057077,38.056981,38.05675,38.056665,38.05657,38.056499,38.056405,38.056327,38.056226,38.055806,38.055122,38.054634,38.054503,38.054427,38.054354,38.054157,38.053927,38.053603,38.053469,38.052352,38.052218,38.051986,38.051634,38.05036,38.050218,38.050196,38.050115,38.049039,38.048506,38.048299,38.047908,38.047642,38.045491,38.045265,38.045214,38.045004,38.044495,38.044098,38.043434,38.042944,38.042406,38.042029,38.041484,38.037777,38.037626,38.037405,38.036685,38.03605,38.035349,38.034508,38.033948,38.031172,38.030684,38.028162,38.027837,38.027578,38.027267,38.027053,38.026785,38.026582,38.026554,38.026326,38.026076,38.025827,38.025528,38.025287,38.025053,38.025027,38.024827,38.024602,38.02438,38.024168,38.023966,38.023708,38.02362,38.022928,38.022261,38.021901,38.02157,38.020886,38.02082,38.02095,38.021054,38.021238,38.021504,38.021647,38.021872,38.021952,38.022119,38.022138,38.022325,38.022361,38.022422,38.022473,38.022509,38.022538,38.022546,38.022555,38.02255,38.022495,38.022416,38.022299,38.022229,38.022154,38.02211,38.022081,38.022027,38.021949,38.021879,38.021874,38.021785,38.021646,38.021634,38.02164,38.021682,38.021724,38.021777,38.021842,38.021955,38.02204,38.022138,38.022207,38.022328,38.022374,38.022526,38.022659,38.022832,38.02295,38.023068,38.023316,38.023542,38.023877,38.024129,38.024341,38.024903,38.025906,38.026454,38.027837,38.02832,38.028582,38.028705,38.029213,38.029498,38.030175,38.031495,38.031699,38.031855,38.031963,38.032124,38.03238,38.032502,38.032616,38.032815,38.033081,38.033365,38.033372,38.033574,38.033705,38.033777,38.034001,38.034057,38.034191,38.034447,38.034658,38.034759,38.034924,38.035104,38.035298,38.035421,38.035482,38.035563,38.035656,38.035742,38.035811,38.035849,38.03588,38.035886,38.035888,38.03588,38.035852,38.035833,38.035786,38.035737,38.035682,38.035564,38.035345,38.035052,38.034982,38.03487,38.03484,38.034782,38.034763,38.034753,38.034754,38.034766,38.034864,38.03491,38.034931,38.034936,38.034925,38.03487,38.034841,38.034659,38.034518,38.034475,38.034398,38.034306,38.034224,38.034162,38.03407,38.033991,38.033915,38.033869,38.033826,38.03381,38.033774,38.033685,38.033644,38.033459,38.03339,38.033241,38.033191,38.033122,38.032502,38.032403,38.032232,38.031962,38.03178,38.031641,38.031371,38.030926,38.030819,38.03072,38.030691,38.030643,38.030593,38.030576,38.030567,38.03058,38.030587,38.030644,38.030797,38.031077,38.031142,38.031313,38.03132]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.760299,-78.76007,-78.759846,-78.758382,-78.758269,-78.758139,-78.758044,-78.757834,-78.757679,-78.757538,-78.757236,-78.757079,-78.756945,-78.756805,-78.756205,-78.756116,-78.75604,-78.755991,-78.755391,-78.755374,-78.754976,-78.754915,-78.754855,-78.754659,-78.754459,-78.754423,-78.754377,-78.754286,-78.754246,-78.754151,-78.754075,-78.754023,-78.753989,-78.753965,-78.753946,-78.753874,-78.753757,-78.753554,-78.753209,-78.753126,-78.75307,-78.753012,-78.752956,-78.752923,-78.752905,-78.752905,-78.75291,-78.753105,-78.753112,-78.753108,-78.753079,-78.753037,-78.752968,-78.752858,-78.752761,-78.752671,-78.752589,-78.752514,-78.752312,-78.752178,-78.752108,-78.751716,-78.751622,-78.751537,-78.751319,-78.751273,-78.751209,-78.751165,-78.751116,-78.751077,-78.750966,-78.750929,-78.750881,-78.750827,-78.75073,-78.750627,-78.750256,-78.750183,-78.750121,-78.750064,-78.750006,-78.749972,-78.749954,-78.74992,-78.749933,-78.749956,-78.75,-78.750058,-78.750168,-78.750239,-78.750296,-78.750337,-78.750361,-78.750378,-78.750376,-78.75036,-78.750332,-78.750297,-78.750234,-78.750181,-78.750113,-78.750039,-78.749962,-78.749888,-78.749761,-78.749375,-78.749264,-78.748933,-78.748826,-78.748733,-78.748669,-78.74861,-78.748584,-78.748571,-78.748549,-78.748522,-78.748477,-78.748407,-78.748363,-78.748295,-78.748217,-78.748143,-78.748069,-78.74801,-78.747941,-78.747842,-78.747735,-78.747686,-78.747629,-78.747581,-78.747546,-78.747497,-78.747476,-78.74747,-78.747441,-78.747397,-78.747347,-78.747314,-78.747251,-78.747213,-78.747162,-78.747101,-78.747023,-78.746997,-78.746723,-78.746656,-78.746582,-78.746521,-78.746336,-78.746285,-78.746223,-78.746149,-78.746094,-78.746044,-78.746005,-78.745961,-78.745937,-78.745846,-78.745807,-78.745763,-78.74573,-78.745667,-78.745608,-78.745525,-78.745415,-78.745377,-78.745276,-78.745178,-78.745083,-78.744859,-78.744777,-78.744693,-78.744392,-78.7443,-78.744185,-78.744094,-78.743635,-78.743262,-78.743171,-78.743088,-78.743017,-78.74297,-78.742725,-78.742643,-78.742548,-78.74244,-78.742347,-78.741871,-78.74176,-78.741646,-78.741531,-78.741418,-78.741048,-78.740923,-78.740773,-78.740627,-78.740364,-78.7403,-78.74014,-78.739721,-78.739617,-78.739465,-78.739167,-78.739147,-78.739035,-78.738935,-78.738096,-78.737876,-78.737662,-78.737455,-78.73702,-78.736932,-78.736873,-78.736696,-78.736654,-78.736601,-78.736555,-78.735175,-78.734938,-78.734745,-78.734261,-78.734199,-78.734148,-78.734111,-78.733999,-78.733961,-78.733914,-78.733859,-78.733782,-78.733699,-78.733648,-78.733319,-78.73322,-78.733126,-78.733019,-78.732904,-78.732847,-78.732613,-78.732534,-78.732466,-78.732412,-78.732294,-78.732203,-78.732084,-78.731964,-78.731861,-78.731724,-78.731154,-78.730786,-78.730642,-78.730526,-78.730381,-78.72994,-78.729186,-78.729037,-78.728895,-78.728826,-78.728776,-78.728699,-78.728638,-78.728595,-78.728434,-78.728364,-78.728271,-78.728192,-78.727408,-78.727251,-78.726165,-78.725978,-78.725606,-78.725543,-78.725465,-78.725406,-78.72534,-78.725285,-78.725071,-78.725021,-78.724975,-78.724913,-78.724863,-78.724804,-78.724753,-78.724613,-78.724456,-78.724395,-78.724247,-78.724116,-78.723963,-78.723844,-78.723574,-78.723302,-78.722687,-78.722487,-78.722357,-78.721983,-78.721902,-78.721821,-78.721759,-78.721702,-78.721663,-78.721569,-78.721505,-78.721412,-78.721386,-78.721326,-78.721175,-78.721128,-78.721065,-78.720862,-78.72074,-78.720608,-78.72021,-78.720068,-78.719962,-78.719744,-78.719632,-78.719526,-78.719184,-78.719048,-78.718938,-78.718816,-78.718738,-78.718578,-78.718496,-78.718284,-78.718049,-78.717804,-78.717564,-78.717377,-78.717181,-78.716994,-78.716828,-78.716698,-78.716589,-78.716353,-78.716238,-78.716115,-78.716032,-78.71598,-78.715856,-78.715755,-78.715008,-78.714094,-78.713905,-78.713474,-78.71337,-78.713275,-78.713155,-78.713066,-78.712989,-78.712887,-78.712781,-78.712717,-78.712525,-78.712336,-78.712153,-78.712011,-78.711842,-78.711682,-78.711493,-78.711269,-78.711139,-78.710951,-78.710815,-78.710214,-78.709553,-78.709373,-78.70916,-78.70896,-78.708194,-78.707685,-78.706878,-78.70665,-78.70645,-78.706331,-78.706225,-78.706169,-78.705354,-78.705283,-78.705198,-78.705079,-78.704944,-78.703898,-78.703799,-78.703711,-78.70365,-78.703009,-78.702545,-78.701888,-78.701318,-78.700876,-78.700478,-78.700325,-78.70026,-78.700132,-78.699997,-78.699471,-78.699285,-78.698751,-78.698592,-78.698122,-78.697456,-78.69718,-78.697067,-78.696164,-78.695734,-78.695285,-78.694886,-78.694783,-78.694946,-78.695294,-78.695807,-78.696132,-78.696703,-78.696452,-78.696394,-78.69605,-78.694959,-78.694293,-78.694216,-78.694148,-78.694061,-78.693971,-78.693879,-78.693793,-78.693717,-78.693225,-78.69316,-78.693087,-78.693017,-78.69295,-78.692889,-78.692848,-78.692826,-78.692756,-78.69262,-78.692542,-78.692497,-78.692467,-78.69248,-78.692505,-78.692499,-78.692474,-78.69243,-78.692391,-78.692321,-78.692237,-78.692143,-78.692042,-78.691959,-78.691824,-78.691751,-78.691639,-78.691513,-78.691395,-78.691286,-78.691101,-78.690949,-78.690731,-78.690588,-78.690423,-78.690301,-78.690261,-78.68975,-78.689668,-78.689572,-78.689462,-78.689359,-78.68922,-78.688643,-78.687545,-78.686756,-78.686616,-78.686492,-78.686353,-78.686188,-78.685522,-78.685289,-78.685191,-78.685065,-78.685012,-78.684828,-78.684209,-78.684085,-78.683551,-78.683404,-78.683297,-78.683171,-78.682696,-78.682286,-78.681927,-78.681645,-78.681369,-78.681247,-78.681201,-78.681085,-78.680773,-78.679355,-78.678889,-78.67784,-78.677151,-78.676697,-78.676515,-78.676261,-78.676101,-78.675936,-78.675537,-78.67539,-78.674491,-78.674284,-78.674224,-78.674146,-78.673983,-78.673947,-78.673854,-78.67379,-78.673307,-78.673115,-78.672914,-78.672831,-78.672791,-78.672056,-78.671915,-78.67177,-78.671718,-78.671629,-78.671542,-78.671438,-78.671341,-78.67116,-78.671023,-78.670463,-78.670095,-78.669988,-78.669846,-78.669682,-78.669502,-78.669329,-78.669184,-78.668282,-78.667226,-78.666976,-78.666758,-78.66653,-78.666176,-78.665969,-78.66554,-78.665341,-78.665095,-78.664689,-78.664543,-78.664396,-78.663848,-78.663727,-78.663621,-78.663522,-78.663279,-78.663036,-78.662715,-78.662486,-78.661151,-78.661048,-78.66094,-78.660903,-78.660863,-78.66072,-78.660619,-78.660534,-78.660492,-78.660005,-78.659898,-78.659622,-78.659519,-78.659377,-78.659255,-78.658927,-78.658845,-78.658779,-78.658729,-78.65871,-78.658475,-78.658431,-78.65836,-78.658274,-78.658215,-78.657887,-78.657762,-78.657654,-78.657508,-78.657447,-78.657079,-78.656278,-78.656066,-78.655206,-78.655021,-78.654842,-78.654592,-78.654488,-78.654267,-78.653583,-78.653224,-78.652231,-78.652101,-78.651948,-78.651835,-78.65169,-78.651401,-78.651302,-78.651163,-78.651074,-78.65088,-78.650221,-78.650111,-78.649993,-78.64991,-78.649842,-78.64979,-78.649652,-78.649598,-78.649528,-78.649461,-78.648578,-78.648408,-78.648228,-78.648041,-78.647965,-78.647671,-78.646707,-78.646504,-78.646255,-78.646104,-78.645844,-78.645642,-78.645497,-78.645431,-78.645261,-78.645198,-78.644933,-78.644338,-78.644261,-78.644175,-78.643576,-78.643192,-78.643116,-78.642987,-78.642892,-78.642822,-78.642765,-78.642072,-78.641964,-78.641823,-78.641708,-78.641565,-78.641424,-78.641288,-78.641159,-78.641098,-78.640971,-78.640036,-78.639718,-78.63957,-78.639387,-78.639307,-78.639215,-78.639112,-78.639,-78.638906,-78.637013,-78.636466,-78.636113,-78.635974,-78.635836,-78.635701,-78.635583,-78.635483,-78.635403,-78.635303,-78.635227,-78.635077,-78.635044,-78.63495,-78.634875,-78.634891,-78.634884,-78.63486,-78.634838,-78.634772,-78.634692,-78.634601,-78.633889,-78.633073,-78.632543,-78.632414,-78.632274,-78.631898,-78.631813,-78.631706,-78.631588,-78.631494,-78.631377,-78.631289,-78.631258,-78.63113,-78.631041,-78.630957,-78.630883,-78.630611,-78.630426,-78.630018,-78.629871,-78.629699,-78.629634,-78.62906,-78.628956,-78.628858,-78.628753,-78.628642,-78.62849,-78.62836,-78.627784,-78.627243,-78.626605,-78.62648,-78.626384,-78.626316,-78.625811,-78.625649,-78.625259,-78.625054,-78.624945,-78.62426,-78.624115,-78.623985,-78.623783,-78.623695,-78.6236,-78.623507,-78.623442,-78.623179,-78.623012,-78.622838,-78.622737,-78.622657,-78.622392,-78.622361,-78.622349,-78.622356,-78.622457,-78.622468,-78.62247,-78.622453,-78.622413,-78.622359,-78.622299,-78.621977,-78.621877,-78.621788,-78.621689,-78.621629,-78.621407,-78.62117,-78.620922,-78.620379,-78.620206,-78.619916,-78.619765,-78.619397,-78.619164,-78.618973,-78.618362,-78.617792,-78.617561,-78.617336,-78.616788,-78.616615,-78.615781,-78.615631,-78.615448,-78.61503,-78.614665,-78.614498,-78.614377,-78.614268,-78.614183,-78.614104,-78.614035,-78.613842,-78.613772,-78.613685,-78.613268,-78.61294,-78.612532,-78.612439,-78.612363,-78.612316,-78.612284,-78.612266,-78.612262,-78.612272,-78.612276,-78.612277,-78.612263,-78.612249,-78.612244,-78.612227,-78.612199,-78.612145,-78.612073,-78.612022,-78.611718,-78.611662,-78.611237,-78.611081,-78.610884,-78.610792,-78.610239,-78.610163,-78.610109,-78.609899,-78.609677,-78.609483,-78.609276,-78.608796,-78.608525,-78.607807,-78.607099,-78.606488,-78.605712,-78.605676,-78.605511,-78.605194,-78.605054,-78.604953,-78.604796,-78.604328,-78.603706,-78.603604,-78.603439,-78.603179,-78.603085,-78.602976,-78.602897,-78.602812,-78.602668,-78.602611,-78.60254,-78.602459,-78.602388,-78.602312,-78.602184,-78.602063,-78.601985,-78.601749,-78.601566,-78.601139,-78.601033,-78.600944,-78.600832,-78.60072,-78.600611,-78.60029,-78.599756,-78.599466,-78.599189,-78.598791,-78.598341,-78.59815,-78.597237,-78.597007,-78.596624,-78.596256,-78.595789,-78.595001,-78.5946,-78.593503,-78.593327,-78.592567,-78.592447,-78.59224,-78.591624,-78.591387,-78.590836,-78.589966,-78.588751,-78.587823,-78.587695,-78.586403,-78.586246,-78.58613,-78.586028,-78.585954,-78.585871,-78.585722,-78.585579,-78.585264,-78.584747,-78.584679,-78.584537,-78.583356,-78.582541,-78.582461,-78.582345,-78.582004,-78.581347,-78.581137,-78.580916,-78.580607,-78.5794,-78.578368,-78.576994,-78.576154,-78.576023,-78.575899,-78.575754,-78.575673,-78.57559,-78.575085,-78.574896,-78.57471,-78.574152,-78.573097,-78.571306,-78.570697,-78.570361,-78.570184,-78.570071,-78.569373,-78.569212,-78.569088,-78.568998,-78.568936,-78.568748,-78.568574,-78.568045,-78.567884,-78.567671,-78.567074,-78.565943,-78.565519,-78.564763,-78.564567,-78.56413,-78.563659,-78.56286,-78.562437,-78.560567,-78.559915,-78.55944,-78.558718,-78.558541,-78.558399,-78.558247,-78.558119,-78.557953,-78.557431,-78.557192,-78.557014,-78.556798,-78.556409,-78.555747,-78.555546,-78.555493,-78.555286,-78.555224,-78.555069,-78.55494,-78.554832,-78.55475,-78.554612,-78.554502,-78.554193,-78.553809,-78.553613,-78.553373,-78.553195,-78.552985,-78.552784,-78.552306,-78.552159,-78.551679,-78.551446,-78.550856,-78.550726,-78.550123,-78.549578,-78.549032,-78.548172,-78.547898,-78.547558,-78.547327,-78.546686,-78.545908,-78.544869,-78.544566,-78.543595,-78.542799,-78.542099,-78.541453,-78.53882,-78.538613,-78.53836,-78.538163,-78.537926,-78.537296,-78.536555,-78.536094,-78.535902,-78.535753,-78.535362,-78.534408,-78.534202,-78.534044,-78.533856,-78.533679,-78.533326,-78.533101,-78.533015,-78.532609,-78.532304,-78.532178,-78.532042,-78.531898,-78.531614,-78.531431,-78.531032,-78.530953,-78.530913,-78.530503,-78.53042,-78.53035,-78.530272,-78.529253,-78.528367,-78.527999,-78.52565,-78.525347,-78.525218,-78.525115,-78.52502,-78.524935,-78.524014,-78.522615,-78.521991,-78.521783,-78.521402,-78.520895,-78.520425,-78.519847,-78.519799,-78.519656,-78.51911,-78.518893,-78.518627,-78.51834,-78.517925,-78.51754,-78.51739,-78.517002,-78.516695,-78.516156,-78.516017,-78.515833,-78.515679,-78.515478,-78.515097,-78.514898,-78.51445,-78.514116,-78.513792,-78.513358,-78.513299,-78.513166,-78.512987,-78.512855,-78.512364,-78.511877,-78.511573,-78.511448,-78.51086,-78.510441,-78.509763,-78.509416,-78.509294,-78.509205,-78.509079,-78.508988,-78.508815,-78.508381,-78.507861,-78.507619,-78.50759,-78.507479,-78.507374,-78.507108,-78.506179,-78.505751,-78.505547,-78.505388,-78.505159,-78.504767,-78.504372,-78.50385,-78.503594,-78.503517,-78.503367,-78.503152,-78.502531,-78.50227,-78.502209,-78.502003,-78.501673,-78.501145,-78.500849,-78.500478,-78.500149,-78.499892,-78.4996,-78.499313,-78.499007,-78.498696,-78.498293,-78.497837,-78.497535,-78.497031,-78.496776,-78.496461,-78.496031,-78.495578,-78.49546,-78.495326,-78.495047,-78.494824,-78.49447,-78.494301,-78.494093,-78.493615,-78.492901,-78.49221,-78.491941,-78.49138,-78.491227,-78.491111,-78.491049,-78.490972,-78.490928,-78.490905,-78.490775,-78.490783,-78.490774,-78.490748,-78.49072,-78.490393,-78.490213,-78.489511,-78.488692,-78.487929,-78.487616,-78.487368,-78.487244,-78.487082,-78.486996,-78.4869,-78.486837,-78.486779,-78.486736,-78.486687,-78.486631,-78.486615,-78.486573,-78.486549,-78.48651,-78.48627,-78.486199,-78.486146,-78.485975,-78.4859,-78.485706,-78.485413,-78.485309,-78.485247,-78.485143,-78.485098,-78.485,-78.484868,-78.484757,-78.484459,-78.484163,-78.483803,-78.483521,-78.483001,-78.482163,-78.481747,-78.481612,-78.481508,-78.481394,-78.481305,-78.480392,-78.480312,-78.480108,-78.479951,-78.479738,-78.479628,-78.479409,-78.479187,-78.479018,-78.47866,-78.478444,-78.478145,-78.477659,-78.477489,-78.477094,-78.476871,-78.476596,-78.47625,-78.475886,-78.475627,-78.474973,-78.474221,-78.474167,-78.474138,-78.474104,-78.474075,-78.474039,-78.474002,-78.473955,-78.473831,-78.473734,-78.47365,-78.473477,-78.473445,-78.473333,-78.47327,-78.473039,-78.472985,-78.472953,-78.472845,-78.472618,-78.472562,-78.472225,-78.472032,-78.471969,-78.471934,-78.471792,-78.471718,-78.47148,-78.471363,-78.471293,-78.471205,-78.471017,-78.470969,-78.47092,-78.470758,-78.470712,-78.47059,-78.470521,-78.470492,-78.470452,-78.470437,-78.470422,-78.470421,-78.470464,-78.470466,-78.470456,-78.470449,-78.470451,-78.470424,-78.47036,-78.470228,-78.470165,-78.470157,-78.470131,-78.470125,-78.470069,-78.469947,-78.469873,-78.469826,-78.469787,-78.469735,-78.469712,-78.469681,-78.469625,-78.46957,-78.469501,-78.469424,-78.469207,-78.469123,-78.469082,-78.469043,-78.46901,-78.468925,-78.468819,-78.46875,-78.468698,-78.468654,-78.468593,-78.468568,-78.468566,-78.468577,-78.468589,-78.468595,-78.468615,-78.468628,-78.468638,-78.468703,-78.468721,-78.468717,-78.46872,-78.468706,-78.468671,-78.46866,-78.468651,-78.468642,-78.468624,-78.468625,-78.468651,-78.468737,-78.46876,-78.468815,-78.468828,-78.468849,-78.468862,-78.468885,-78.468912,-78.468936,-78.468956,-78.468971,-78.468979,-78.46904,-78.469072,-78.469097,-78.469097,-78.469092,-78.469094,-78.469071,-78.469,-78.468943,-78.468936,-78.468884,-78.468827,-78.468795,-78.468748,-78.468652,-78.468575,-78.468493,-78.468409,-78.468369,-78.468033,-78.46799,-78.467863,-78.467779,-78.467764,-78.467795,-78.468477,-78.469133,-78.472927,-78.473411,-78.476588,-78.480584,-78.481008,-78.484381,-78.487908,-78.487996,-78.488052,-78.488578,-78.488736,-78.48882,-78.490124,-78.490566,-78.490771,-78.491345,-78.491455,-78.491801,-78.493726,-78.494996,-78.495478,-78.49657,-78.496659,-78.498269,-78.498394,-78.498416,-78.498783,-78.498855,-78.498612,-78.498075,-78.497114,-78.496344,-78.495388,-78.495331,-78.495431,-78.495788,-78.496601,-78.497537,-78.497714,-78.49954,-78.501537,-78.505516,-78.50874,-78.509093,-78.51048,-78.511991,-78.512848,-78.515701,-78.520337,-78.523389,-78.525543,-78.530322,-78.534859,-78.536571,-78.537727,-78.539267,-78.540593,-78.541393,-78.542249,-78.542418,-78.54272,-78.543262,-78.543661,-78.544047,-78.544774,-78.545573,-78.546543,-78.547256,-78.54797,-78.548854,-78.550138,-78.550638,-78.552263,-78.555101,-78.555694,-78.556713,-78.557089,-78.557854,-78.558781,-78.559608,-78.560307,-78.560948,-78.562674,-78.56507,-78.568449,-78.568693,-78.568789,-78.569416,-78.570146,-78.571158,-78.571237,-78.572243,-78.573155,-78.573711,-78.57388,-78.574082,-78.574886,-78.575259,-78.576014,-78.576605,-78.577932,-78.57883,-78.579028,-78.579499,-78.580227,-78.580797,-78.58141,-78.582152,-78.583079,-78.584406,-78.584832,-78.585448,-78.586118,-78.586977,-78.587373,-78.588514,-78.589385,-78.590426,-78.591029,-78.591511,-78.593394,-78.59485,-78.597317,-78.600997,-78.605434,-78.607131,-78.609613,-78.612023,-78.613919,-78.61563,-78.616798,-78.618422,-78.619164,-78.62053,-78.622311,-78.62395,-78.625489,-78.626658,-78.627997,-78.629193,-78.631001,-78.632297,-78.633821,-78.63526,-78.637639,-78.639363,-78.640531,-78.64167,-78.642722,-78.643702,-78.643918,-78.643923,-78.645226,-78.645809,-78.646102,-78.646244,-78.646377,-78.646583,-78.646916,-78.647146,-78.647221,-78.64733,-78.647614,-78.647972,-78.648029,-78.648237,-78.648311,-78.648345,-78.648463,-78.649118,-78.64997,-78.650377,-78.650872,-78.651132,-78.651381,-78.651799,-78.652162,-78.652578,-78.652897,-78.653189,-78.653461,-78.653769,-78.654098,-78.654171,-78.6542,-78.654241,-78.654379,-78.65455,-78.654702,-78.654977,-78.655307,-78.655856,-78.656241,-78.656523,-78.656784,-78.657107,-78.657388,-78.657662,-78.657976,-78.65801,-78.658228,-78.658275,-78.658294,-78.658272,-78.658283,-78.658311,-78.658344,-78.658409,-78.65842,-78.658435,-78.658578,-78.658777,-78.659045,-78.659326,-78.659615,-78.659897,-78.660151,-78.660598,-78.661017,-78.661223,-78.66145,-78.661697,-78.661993,-78.662295,-78.662383,-78.662694,-78.663272,-78.663836,-78.66451,-78.665617,-78.665686,-78.666683,-78.667123,-78.667308,-78.66768,-78.667996,-78.668298,-78.66856,-78.668862,-78.669316,-78.669688,-78.670514,-78.671233,-78.671368,-78.671877,-78.672373,-78.672911,-78.673448,-78.673785,-78.674405,-78.67477,-78.675258,-78.675732,-78.675907,-78.676039,-78.676124,-78.67653,-78.676567,-78.676991,-78.677589,-78.67792,-78.678099,-78.67832,-78.678479,-78.67883,-78.679202,-78.679406,-78.679621,-78.679848,-78.680337,-78.680754,-78.680866,-78.68152,-78.682401,-78.683117,-78.683909,-78.684453,-78.685052,-78.685549,-78.685783,-78.685887,-78.686087,-78.686124,-78.686172,-78.68616,-78.686148,-78.686088,-78.685986,-78.685843,-78.685514,-78.685281,-78.684905,-78.684597,-78.684372,-78.684263,-78.684264,-78.684341,-78.684452,-78.684515,-78.684558,-78.684578,-78.684565,-78.684525,-78.684417,-78.684308,-78.684205,-78.684144,-78.684145,-78.684166,-78.684084,-78.683893,-78.683633,-78.68351,-78.683463,-78.683518,-78.683574,-78.683782,-78.684017,-78.68421,-78.684362,-78.684521,-78.684583,-78.684708,-78.684757,-78.684745,-78.684678,-78.684514,-78.684288,-78.684117,-78.683954,-78.683721,-78.683406,-78.683104,-78.682603,-78.681984,-78.681675,-78.681083,-78.680189,-78.679234,-78.678525,-78.677948,-78.677225,-78.67653,-78.675941,-78.675379,-78.675332,-78.675042,-78.67478,-78.674705,-78.674038,-78.673253,-78.672441,-78.671651,-78.671025,-78.670606,-78.670324,-78.669747,-78.669437,-78.669307,-78.669169,-78.668929,-78.668544,-78.668097,-78.667747,-78.667576,-78.667459,-78.667439,-78.667454,-78.667427,-78.667455,-78.667586,-78.667708,-78.667803,-78.668144,-78.668482,-78.668785,-78.668846,-78.668915,-78.669094,-78.669418,-78.669523,-78.669715,-78.669942,-78.67021,-78.670527,-78.670864,-78.67105,-78.671173,-78.671965,-78.67202,-78.672029,-78.672872,-78.672984,-78.673289,-78.673502,-78.673907,-78.674299,-78.674761,-78.674909,-78.67516,-78.675243,-78.675718,-78.676139,-78.676518,-78.676869,-78.677228,-78.677524,-78.677904,-78.678194,-78.678531,-78.678938,-78.679289,-78.679661,-78.680033,-78.680474,-78.680851,-78.680965,-78.680998,-78.68103,-78.681356,-78.681444,-78.681742,-78.682067,-78.68219,-78.682438,-78.682597,-78.68277,-78.682839,-78.68284,-78.682861,-78.682943,-78.682951,-78.683038,-78.683111,-78.683254,-78.683667,-78.684109,-78.684145,-78.684307,-78.685016,-78.685786,-78.686549,-78.687038,-78.687096,-78.68756,-78.688315,-78.6892,-78.68979,-78.690057,-78.690242,-78.690517,-78.690798,-78.690848,-78.691238,-78.69148,-78.691651,-78.692009,-78.692366,-78.692584,-78.69271,-78.693129,-78.693336,-78.693392,-78.693358,-78.693106,-78.69271,-78.692163,-78.691717,-78.691353,-78.690825,-78.690537,-78.690338,-78.690016,-78.689667,-78.689366,-78.689077,-78.688404,-78.687845,-78.687821,-78.687429,-78.687161,-78.686906,-78.686631,-78.686253,-78.685594,-78.685216,-78.684789,-78.684287,-78.684047,-78.683607,-78.682928,-78.682571,-78.682441,-78.682379,-78.682414,-78.682663,-78.682986,-78.683204,-78.683365,-78.683792,-78.684019,-78.684069,-78.684121,-78.68415,-78.684295,-78.684522,-78.684715,-78.684742,-78.684991,-78.685349,-78.68568,-78.686025,-78.686265,-78.686568,-78.686885,-78.687071,-78.687202,-78.687299,-78.687389,-78.687566,-78.68759,-78.687804,-78.688093,-78.688218,-78.688321,-78.688439,-78.688447,-78.68842,-78.688283,-78.688221,-78.688222,-78.688298,-78.688498,-78.688974,-78.689004,-78.689279,-78.689409,-78.689411,-78.689438,-78.689445,-78.689482,-78.689778,-78.689811,-78.689987,-78.690918,-78.691409,-78.691501,-78.691524,-78.693022,-78.693046,-78.693151,-78.693212,-78.6933,-78.693462,-78.69443,-78.694603,-78.695231,-78.697125,-78.697416,-78.698094,-78.698905,-78.700901,-78.702257,-78.70664,-78.708046,-78.708638,-78.709018,-78.712079,-78.71304,-78.713065,-78.71615,-78.717323,-78.717596,-78.718063,-78.718964,-78.72053,-78.72097,-78.721301,-78.721771,-78.722294,-78.722711,-78.723828,-78.725236,-78.725821,-78.725856,-78.725865,-78.725983,-78.726032,-78.726791,-78.727047,-78.727769,-78.72937,-78.730265,-78.730436,-78.73083,-78.730857,-78.730987,-78.732092,-78.732117,-78.73223,-78.732442,-78.732467,-78.732514,-78.732553,-78.732585,-78.73395,-78.734107,-78.737817,-78.738945,-78.740025,-78.740231,-78.741237,-78.741335,-78.742067,-78.742418,-78.748147,-78.749207,-78.749277,-78.750355,-78.751059,-78.751173,-78.753516,-78.755398,-78.756077,-78.756977,-78.757272,-78.758457,-78.759093,-78.759276,-78.759561,-78.759765,-78.76014,-78.760272,-78.760379,-78.760299],"lat":[37.914372,37.914459,37.914556,37.915294,37.915363,37.915459,37.915542,37.915746,37.915894,37.91603,37.916283,37.916388,37.916464,37.916532,37.916799,37.91686,37.916932,37.916996,37.917705,37.917725,37.91813,37.918211,37.918318,37.918725,37.919133,37.919177,37.919216,37.91927,37.919294,37.919371,37.919452,37.919532,37.919618,37.91974,37.920267,37.920276,37.92032,37.920397,37.920528,37.92054,37.920536,37.920522,37.92049,37.920452,37.920408,37.920363,37.920345,37.919944,37.919902,37.919858,37.919787,37.919733,37.919681,37.919651,37.919642,37.919648,37.919668,37.919702,37.919851,37.919938,37.919978,37.920181,37.920241,37.920309,37.920498,37.920521,37.92053,37.920525,37.920507,37.920477,37.9203,37.920267,37.920244,37.920234,37.920243,37.920268,37.920404,37.920416,37.920411,37.920393,37.920356,37.920315,37.920268,37.919962,37.919899,37.919851,37.919797,37.919752,37.919693,37.919637,37.919571,37.919499,37.919421,37.919264,37.919107,37.918982,37.918852,37.91877,37.91868,37.918626,37.918598,37.918583,37.918583,37.918596,37.918648,37.918836,37.918903,37.919138,37.919229,37.919329,37.919415,37.919527,37.919605,37.919665,37.919961,37.920073,37.920182,37.920294,37.920338,37.920384,37.920418,37.920436,37.920436,37.920419,37.920389,37.920361,37.920347,37.92035,37.920367,37.920396,37.920436,37.920514,37.920594,37.920833,37.920918,37.920983,37.921045,37.921114,37.921266,37.921309,37.921341,37.921362,37.921368,37.921365,37.921296,37.921269,37.921223,37.921166,37.920945,37.920911,37.920888,37.920879,37.920887,37.920908,37.92094,37.921003,37.921058,37.921452,37.921543,37.921612,37.921655,37.921714,37.921754,37.921794,37.921825,37.921831,37.921831,37.921817,37.92179,37.921693,37.921679,37.92168,37.921741,37.92175,37.921747,37.921734,37.921627,37.921572,37.921545,37.921504,37.921452,37.921403,37.921017,37.920936,37.920866,37.920808,37.92077,37.920617,37.920593,37.920583,37.920588,37.920606,37.9207,37.920711,37.920705,37.920678,37.920619,37.920612,37.920604,37.920615,37.920606,37.920576,37.920484,37.920481,37.920466,37.920466,37.920578,37.920623,37.920683,37.920758,37.920968,37.921033,37.921098,37.921358,37.92139,37.921411,37.921418,37.921465,37.921495,37.921535,37.921669,37.9217,37.921742,37.921792,37.922074,37.92212,37.92216,37.922194,37.922226,37.922245,37.92225,37.922233,37.922213,37.922179,37.922127,37.922082,37.922066,37.921998,37.92196,37.92191,37.92185,37.921682,37.921595,37.921502,37.921429,37.921378,37.921326,37.921148,37.92105,37.921037,37.921036,37.921049,37.9211,37.921201,37.921234,37.92128,37.921306,37.921315,37.921312,37.921294,37.921271,37.92115,37.92112,37.921102,37.921102,37.92122,37.921236,37.921322,37.92132,37.921298,37.921296,37.921309,37.921329,37.921364,37.921411,37.92167,37.921701,37.921717,37.921725,37.921721,37.921704,37.921674,37.921553,37.921441,37.921406,37.921342,37.921298,37.921259,37.92124,37.921218,37.921212,37.921233,37.921257,37.921285,37.921382,37.921388,37.92138,37.921364,37.92134,37.921317,37.921245,37.921186,37.921075,37.921035,37.920904,37.920547,37.920475,37.920411,37.92027,37.9202,37.920142,37.919996,37.919926,37.91986,37.919694,37.91961,37.91951,37.919102,37.918965,37.918881,37.91881,37.918773,37.918723,37.918704,37.918675,37.918655,37.918615,37.918561,37.918506,37.918431,37.918343,37.918249,37.918148,37.918034,37.917713,37.917555,37.917414,37.91732,37.917272,37.917178,37.917117,37.916738,37.916301,37.916217,37.916026,37.915969,37.915905,37.915811,37.915764,37.915735,37.91571,37.9157,37.9157,37.915675,37.915637,37.915584,37.915533,37.915456,37.915368,37.915219,37.915023,37.914899,37.914744,37.914648,37.914288,37.913925,37.913813,37.913663,37.913503,37.912843,37.912407,37.911716,37.911545,37.911403,37.911297,37.911183,37.911111,37.909728,37.909638,37.909556,37.909471,37.909402,37.909038,37.908989,37.908928,37.908872,37.908123,37.907551,37.906753,37.906063,37.905528,37.905054,37.9049,37.904841,37.904735,37.904623,37.904184,37.904012,37.903545,37.903427,37.90312,37.902677,37.902472,37.902381,37.90164,37.901334,37.901024,37.900748,37.900692,37.900475,37.900011,37.899346,37.898917,37.898171,37.898044,37.898015,37.897795,37.897057,37.896603,37.896568,37.896549,37.896537,37.896539,37.896559,37.896592,37.896637,37.897004,37.897032,37.897047,37.897045,37.89703,37.897001,37.896971,37.896949,37.896868,37.896686,37.896582,37.896485,37.896373,37.895936,37.895451,37.895365,37.895282,37.895204,37.89516,37.895102,37.895051,37.895013,37.894988,37.894977,37.894982,37.89499,37.895012,37.895049,37.8951,37.895162,37.895291,37.895417,37.895638,37.895837,37.896101,37.896309,37.896392,37.897367,37.897474,37.897573,37.897662,37.897725,37.897793,37.898001,37.898425,37.898749,37.898822,37.898905,37.899024,37.899183,37.89982,37.900019,37.900089,37.900158,37.900182,37.900234,37.900359,37.900372,37.900384,37.900404,37.900432,37.90048,37.900723,37.900945,37.901125,37.901246,37.901347,37.901406,37.901432,37.901514,37.901762,37.902927,37.903309,37.904189,37.904751,37.905081,37.905232,37.905475,37.905605,37.905717,37.905952,37.906044,37.906672,37.906845,37.906906,37.907007,37.907243,37.907286,37.907376,37.907427,37.90778,37.907887,37.907981,37.908016,37.908031,37.908312,37.90835,37.908373,37.908376,37.90837,37.908356,37.908325,37.908282,37.908176,37.908083,37.907665,37.907355,37.907285,37.907217,37.907163,37.907115,37.907079,37.907061,37.907026,37.907037,37.907036,37.907036,37.907032,37.90701,37.906989,37.906938,37.906933,37.906949,37.907005,37.907015,37.907016,37.906983,37.906995,37.907021,37.90706,37.907185,37.907292,37.907416,37.907488,37.907852,37.907886,37.907932,37.90795,37.90797,37.908061,37.908143,37.90823,37.908286,37.908992,37.909127,37.909429,37.909529,37.909644,37.909729,37.909934,37.910004,37.910084,37.910171,37.910224,37.910876,37.910963,37.911065,37.91116,37.911212,37.911527,37.911625,37.911695,37.911773,37.9118,37.911917,37.912156,37.912201,37.912318,37.91236,37.912415,37.91251,37.912556,37.91267,37.913062,37.913259,37.913756,37.913839,37.913953,37.914051,37.914215,37.914575,37.914679,37.914801,37.914869,37.914986,37.915321,37.915382,37.915473,37.915559,37.915653,37.915753,37.916078,37.916156,37.916226,37.916275,37.916815,37.9169,37.916973,37.917032,37.917052,37.917105,37.917229,37.917266,37.917326,37.917372,37.917474,37.917566,37.917644,37.917684,37.917798,37.917846,37.918012,37.918343,37.918398,37.918475,37.919229,37.919681,37.919749,37.919841,37.919893,37.919923,37.919948,37.920158,37.920181,37.920198,37.920203,37.920195,37.920174,37.920138,37.920089,37.920061,37.919986,37.919343,37.919107,37.918971,37.918764,37.91869,37.918627,37.918575,37.918536,37.918514,37.918268,37.91817,37.91812,37.918116,37.918127,37.918153,37.918184,37.918195,37.918194,37.918179,37.918158,37.918107,37.918101,37.918086,37.918086,37.91791,37.91784,37.917771,37.917733,37.917671,37.91762,37.917581,37.91736,37.917054,37.91684,37.916769,37.91667,37.916319,37.916251,37.916184,37.916129,37.916097,37.916072,37.916065,37.916063,37.916067,37.916083,37.916113,37.916155,37.916365,37.916485,37.916724,37.916829,37.916968,37.917027,37.917507,37.917574,37.917617,37.917646,37.917662,37.917663,37.917653,37.917587,37.917519,37.917437,37.917406,37.917372,37.917341,37.91708,37.916971,37.916678,37.916553,37.916497,37.916194,37.916111,37.916012,37.91581,37.915702,37.91556,37.915383,37.915233,37.914468,37.913982,37.913417,37.913038,37.912788,37.912084,37.911953,37.911819,37.911686,37.911169,37.911064,37.910738,37.910632,37.91052,37.910413,37.910325,37.909935,37.909839,37.909769,37.909701,37.90966,37.909513,37.909375,37.909249,37.908982,37.908904,37.908783,37.90873,37.9086,37.908534,37.908491,37.908374,37.908285,37.908232,37.908166,37.907955,37.907899,37.907655,37.907604,37.907527,37.90733,37.907159,37.907065,37.906979,37.906882,37.90679,37.906685,37.906564,37.906112,37.905989,37.905874,37.905443,37.905069,37.904605,37.904478,37.904344,37.904242,37.904123,37.904009,37.90361,37.903052,37.902842,37.902112,37.901387,37.899943,37.899417,37.899313,37.899209,37.899082,37.898961,37.898892,37.898518,37.898433,37.89773,37.897509,37.897264,37.897151,37.896493,37.896393,37.896322,37.896078,37.895846,37.895663,37.89549,37.895144,37.894966,37.894467,37.893911,37.893501,37.892954,37.892925,37.892792,37.892578,37.892509,37.892474,37.892435,37.892381,37.892299,37.892282,37.892242,37.892152,37.892109,37.892044,37.891984,37.8919,37.891713,37.891655,37.891607,37.89157,37.891551,37.891545,37.891548,37.891565,37.891583,37.891676,37.891767,37.89196,37.891991,37.892005,37.892011,37.892001,37.891977,37.891847,37.891648,37.891527,37.891404,37.89121,37.890996,37.890895,37.890467,37.890342,37.890165,37.889972,37.889763,37.889371,37.889187,37.888695,37.888594,37.888057,37.887989,37.887884,37.887616,37.887534,37.887371,37.887124,37.886792,37.886521,37.886485,37.886122,37.886066,37.886025,37.88598,37.885936,37.885872,37.88571,37.885538,37.8851,37.884422,37.88435,37.884213,37.883299,37.882643,37.882574,37.882489,37.882275,37.881849,37.881729,37.881621,37.88149,37.881078,37.880646,37.880035,37.879652,37.879579,37.8795,37.879391,37.879321,37.879242,37.878777,37.878615,37.878488,37.878151,37.877541,37.876536,37.876187,37.876013,37.875934,37.875891,37.875647,37.875568,37.87549,37.87542,37.875363,37.875148,37.874926,37.874335,37.874171,37.873974,37.873471,37.872554,37.8722,37.871553,37.871386,37.870982,37.870556,37.869798,37.869421,37.86767,37.867089,37.866674,37.866072,37.86594,37.865859,37.865791,37.865746,37.865702,37.865587,37.865524,37.865465,37.865381,37.865199,37.864912,37.864829,37.86488,37.86502,37.864933,37.864999,37.865037,37.865058,37.865067,37.865071,37.865064,37.865019,37.86495,37.864904,37.864834,37.864771,37.864682,37.864579,37.864308,37.864216,37.863909,37.863765,37.863401,37.863316,37.862926,37.862589,37.862299,37.861837,37.861726,37.86161,37.861543,37.861388,37.861233,37.861008,37.860933,37.860705,37.860537,37.860402,37.860261,37.859635,37.859582,37.859503,37.85943,37.859326,37.859016,37.858707,37.858514,37.858428,37.858369,37.858216,37.857821,37.85773,37.857649,37.857536,37.857412,37.857148,37.85696,37.856882,37.856559,37.856345,37.856272,37.856212,37.856164,37.856091,37.856054,37.855986,37.855961,37.855941,37.856363,37.856454,37.856497,37.85652,37.856581,37.856615,37.856635,37.856761,37.856762,37.856744,37.856714,37.856671,37.856618,37.855837,37.854638,37.85413,37.853959,37.853635,37.853205,37.852811,37.852343,37.852304,37.85218,37.851704,37.851541,37.851341,37.85114,37.850844,37.850549,37.850428,37.850137,37.849907,37.849484,37.849393,37.84929,37.849217,37.849136,37.848991,37.848914,37.848726,37.848551,37.848365,37.848088,37.848045,37.847948,37.847797,37.847669,37.847164,37.846625,37.846323,37.846204,37.845664,37.845292,37.844692,37.84439,37.844232,37.844105,37.843902,37.843731,37.843449,37.84273,37.842111,37.841849,37.841821,37.841712,37.841621,37.841362,37.8405,37.840075,37.839888,37.839756,37.83959,37.839279,37.838942,37.838573,37.838398,37.838342,37.838236,37.838105,37.837679,37.837489,37.837449,37.837315,37.837083,37.83672,37.836508,37.836262,37.836053,37.835879,37.835689,37.83549,37.835263,37.835042,37.834737,37.834416,37.834224,37.833868,37.8337,37.833519,37.833252,37.83301,37.83294,37.83286,37.832707,37.832577,37.832392,37.832323,37.832251,37.832088,37.83187,37.831643,37.831548,37.831364,37.831332,37.831318,37.831316,37.831313,37.831323,37.831336,37.831208,37.831239,37.83127,37.831294,37.831306,37.831368,37.831385,37.831432,37.831492,37.83156,37.8316,37.831647,37.831677,37.831739,37.831781,37.831845,37.8319,37.831972,37.832051,37.832187,37.832442,37.832567,37.832981,37.833115,37.833235,37.833701,37.833854,37.83401,37.834679,37.834864,37.835288,37.83603,37.836209,37.836296,37.83641,37.836453,37.836517,37.836588,37.836636,37.836737,37.836851,37.836976,37.837064,37.837192,37.837359,37.837407,37.837443,37.837487,37.837556,37.837628,37.838489,37.838564,37.838731,37.838849,37.83899,37.839058,37.83918,37.839292,37.839369,37.839511,37.839579,37.83966,37.839768,37.839794,37.83983,37.839844,37.839846,37.839839,37.839814,37.83979,37.839742,37.839693,37.839689,37.839613,37.839477,37.839412,37.839276,37.839175,37.839077,37.83889,37.838773,37.838687,37.838527,37.838504,37.838395,37.838348,37.838136,37.83808,37.838057,37.837944,37.83768,37.837626,37.837253,37.837013,37.836919,37.836855,37.836635,37.836502,37.835967,37.83574,37.835574,37.835338,37.834717,37.834581,37.834483,37.834236,37.834176,37.833989,37.83386,37.833793,37.833654,37.833585,37.833445,37.833375,37.832992,37.832922,37.832852,37.832748,37.832713,37.832572,37.83244,37.832179,37.832011,37.831977,37.831911,37.831877,37.831743,37.831553,37.831424,37.831325,37.831224,37.831055,37.830917,37.830814,37.830718,37.830662,37.830615,37.830576,37.830526,37.830488,37.830474,37.830455,37.83043,37.830348,37.830232,37.83014,37.830044,37.829945,37.829741,37.829529,37.829319,37.829216,37.829184,37.829115,37.829014,37.828981,37.828912,37.828604,37.828428,37.828286,37.828251,37.82811,37.827902,37.827868,37.827799,37.827765,37.827585,37.827375,37.827201,37.826823,37.826756,37.826551,37.826482,37.826162,37.82563,37.825458,37.825355,37.825289,37.825259,37.825226,37.825192,37.825064,37.824962,37.824821,37.824734,37.8247,37.824559,37.824455,37.824214,37.824044,37.824009,37.823912,37.82382,37.823797,37.823737,37.823667,37.823631,37.823601,37.823577,37.823561,37.823475,37.82347,37.823441,37.823417,37.823414,37.823377,37.822604,37.821873,37.81764,37.817097,37.813564,37.809004,37.808521,37.804676,37.80083,37.800735,37.800674,37.800099,37.799927,37.799836,37.798417,37.797935,37.797588,37.796956,37.796963,37.796939,37.796177,37.795672,37.795192,37.794109,37.794018,37.791231,37.790755,37.790674,37.789272,37.786962,37.784663,37.782823,37.779544,37.77652,37.772443,37.769329,37.767642,37.766,37.764369,37.763302,37.7631,37.761594,37.76053,37.758956,37.757993,37.757892,37.757494,37.757323,37.757222,37.757437,37.758059,37.758047,37.758217,37.759427,37.761589,37.762302,37.762438,37.76255,37.762684,37.762765,37.762957,37.76301,37.763104,37.76333,37.763466,37.763693,37.763941,37.763998,37.763907,37.763759,37.763634,37.763611,37.763554,37.763492,37.763293,37.762805,37.7627,37.762521,37.762424,37.762226,37.761852,37.761342,37.760866,37.760627,37.760275,37.759515,37.75829,37.758194,37.758157,37.757909,37.757621,37.757394,37.757389,37.757326,37.757155,37.756849,37.756761,37.756656,37.75641,37.7563,37.756042,37.755839,37.755272,37.754875,37.754755,37.754467,37.754206,37.754047,37.754046,37.754182,37.754362,37.754599,37.754659,37.754746,37.754757,37.754756,37.754756,37.754755,37.754834,37.755048,37.755243,37.755398,37.75602,37.756234,37.756232,37.756218,37.756497,37.756575,37.75655,37.756321,37.755798,37.75497,37.754221,37.752872,37.752207,37.750945,37.749867,37.749095,37.748527,37.748005,37.747075,37.746043,37.744059,37.742858,37.741859,37.741235,37.7401,37.739214,37.738273,37.73715,37.735598,37.733717,37.733084,37.733071,37.73277,37.732635,37.732631,37.732656,37.73268,37.732724,37.732758,37.732779,37.732786,37.732781,37.732769,37.732741,37.732736,37.73272,37.732715,37.732712,37.732703,37.732593,37.732445,37.732364,37.732235,37.732177,37.732153,37.73209,37.732019,37.731814,37.731625,37.731362,37.73093,37.73028,37.729641,37.729462,37.72939,37.729369,37.729297,37.729259,37.729297,37.729329,37.729356,37.729377,37.729447,37.729507,37.729507,37.729435,37.729069,37.728299,37.727447,37.727299,37.72635,37.725869,37.725242,37.724352,37.724131,37.723582,37.723433,37.723132,37.72308,37.723062,37.722878,37.722758,37.722714,37.722664,37.722642,37.722647,37.722657,37.722662,37.722689,37.722678,37.722667,37.722661,37.722682,37.722747,37.72278,37.722894,37.723101,37.723286,37.723503,37.723928,37.723954,37.724319,37.724482,37.724511,37.724568,37.724584,37.7246,37.724644,37.724752,37.725049,37.725292,37.725885,37.726464,37.726572,37.727008,37.727569,37.728202,37.728638,37.72891,37.729362,37.729569,37.729727,37.729813,37.729837,37.729855,37.729867,37.729992,37.730006,37.730166,37.730471,37.730798,37.731021,37.731583,37.731812,37.732074,37.732275,37.732341,37.732411,37.732487,37.73259,37.732732,37.732769,37.733107,37.733608,37.734065,37.734664,37.735198,37.735863,37.736419,37.736817,37.73709,37.737505,37.737821,37.73823,37.738962,37.739808,37.74049,37.740987,37.741369,37.741763,37.742178,37.74291,37.743653,37.744314,37.744691,37.744991,37.745536,37.746109,37.746524,37.746824,37.746966,37.747212,37.747785,37.748571,37.748811,37.74903,37.749254,37.749592,37.749887,37.750253,37.750717,37.75122,37.751607,37.751891,37.752186,37.752415,37.752982,37.753566,37.753915,37.754122,37.754351,37.75457,37.75517,37.755574,37.756229,37.756807,37.75725,37.757588,37.757889,37.758604,37.759292,37.759729,37.759992,37.760167,37.760181,37.76018,37.760142,37.76004,37.759981,37.759928,37.759831,37.759635,37.759401,37.758907,37.758431,37.758383,37.758088,37.757961,37.757924,37.75768,37.757392,37.757191,37.757067,37.757084,37.757199,37.757254,37.757304,37.757305,37.757272,37.75724,37.757273,37.757372,37.757525,37.757722,37.757919,37.758219,37.758498,37.758858,37.759202,37.759409,37.759644,37.759763,37.759852,37.760085,37.760259,37.760436,37.760471,37.760535,37.7607,37.76106,37.761141,37.761289,37.761436,37.761545,37.761599,37.761669,37.761755,37.761811,37.762223,37.762252,37.762258,37.762815,37.762889,37.763107,37.763259,37.763548,37.763841,37.764185,37.764293,37.764474,37.764534,37.764959,37.76539,37.765706,37.766055,37.766436,37.766872,37.767396,37.767848,37.768252,37.768644,37.768911,37.7692,37.769483,37.769799,37.770069,37.770151,37.770175,37.770202,37.770485,37.770577,37.770889,37.771189,37.771303,37.771597,37.771881,37.77229,37.772535,37.772803,37.772983,37.773156,37.773174,37.773238,37.773292,37.773397,37.773615,37.773773,37.773785,37.773843,37.773968,37.774037,37.774025,37.773975,37.773951,37.773756,37.773324,37.772607,37.771995,37.771569,37.771285,37.771137,37.77106,37.77106,37.771059,37.771059,37.771059,37.771058,37.770948,37.770937,37.770931,37.771002,37.771187,37.771471,37.771869,37.77259,37.773677,37.774846,37.775403,37.775704,37.776043,37.776279,37.776508,37.777196,37.777847,37.778202,37.778448,37.778815,37.779099,37.77911,37.779313,37.779362,37.77933,37.779336,37.77944,37.779589,37.779666,37.779677,37.7797,37.779809,37.780078,37.78057,37.780881,37.781105,37.781324,37.781493,37.781798,37.78206,37.782176,37.782261,37.782408,37.782539,37.782594,37.782653,37.782686,37.782838,37.782974,37.783067,37.78309,37.783301,37.783699,37.784032,37.784178,37.784265,37.784292,37.784379,37.784499,37.784728,37.785104,37.785344,37.785705,37.785753,37.786075,37.786413,37.78662,37.786833,37.787204,37.787422,37.78763,37.787848,37.788067,37.788285,37.788432,37.788623,37.788777,37.788787,37.78882,37.788836,37.788847,37.788953,37.788982,37.789129,37.790299,37.790429,37.791127,37.794931,37.796434,37.796713,37.796782,37.799432,37.799473,37.799653,37.799757,37.799906,37.800182,37.801839,37.802134,37.80321,37.806442,37.80694,37.808098,37.809486,37.812895,37.815212,37.822699,37.825101,37.826111,37.826762,37.831904,37.833517,37.833558,37.838507,37.840273,37.84068,37.841387,37.842743,37.845098,37.84576,37.846258,37.846965,37.847841,37.848543,37.850433,37.852799,37.853781,37.85384,37.853857,37.854062,37.85414,37.855416,37.855847,37.857064,37.859755,37.861262,37.86165,37.862546,37.862606,37.862901,37.865124,37.865174,37.865402,37.865829,37.865879,37.865973,37.866051,37.866116,37.868869,37.869139,37.875491,37.877422,37.87927,37.879628,37.881366,37.881535,37.882798,37.883404,37.893295,37.895124,37.895241,37.897098,37.898316,37.898513,37.902557,37.905806,37.906977,37.90853,37.90904,37.911083,37.912165,37.912477,37.912959,37.913307,37.913941,37.914165,37.914346,37.914372]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.524725,-78.524633,-78.524186,-78.523708,-78.523689,-78.523516,-78.52325,-78.523055,-78.522878,-78.52256,-78.522338,-78.522117,-78.521832,-78.521537,-78.521229,-78.520909,-78.520532,-78.520154,-78.519857,-78.519525,-78.519335,-78.518922,-78.518546,-78.518166,-78.517787,-78.517403,-78.517025,-78.516646,-78.515794,-78.515249,-78.513324,-78.512942,-78.512323,-78.511772,-78.510796,-78.509565,-78.509202,-78.508394,-78.507704,-78.507535,-78.507616,-78.507738,-78.507768,-78.507916,-78.507989,-78.508761,-78.50979,-78.50997,-78.510147,-78.510297,-78.509338,-78.509045,-78.508938,-78.504839,-78.504927,-78.504987,-78.505002,-78.505043,-78.505397,-78.505934,-78.50657,-78.50667,-78.506783,-78.508372,-78.509998,-78.510898,-78.510963,-78.511116,-78.511389,-78.511909,-78.512971,-78.514298,-78.514327,-78.514634,-78.514471,-78.513962,-78.513997,-78.514613,-78.514783,-78.515073,-78.51537,-78.515701,-78.515928,-78.517843,-78.518566,-78.519339,-78.52001,-78.521262,-78.521568,-78.521742,-78.521921,-78.521978,-78.522449,-78.522864,-78.523317,-78.523347,-78.523547,-78.523842,-78.523908,-78.524009,-78.524646,-78.524725],"lat":[38.048299,38.048506,38.049554,38.050656,38.050701,38.051051,38.051495,38.051782,38.052015,38.052388,38.052621,38.052832,38.053084,38.05332,38.053544,38.053756,38.05398,38.054182,38.054326,38.05447,38.054548,38.054701,38.054822,38.054929,38.055021,38.055099,38.055163,38.055217,38.055316,38.055375,38.055597,38.055638,38.055713,38.055774,38.055881,38.056029,38.05608,38.05622,38.056377,38.056417,38.056269,38.056243,38.056186,38.055901,38.055763,38.05427,38.052285,38.051941,38.051596,38.051308,38.050606,38.050395,38.050316,38.047275,38.047154,38.047059,38.047035,38.046969,38.046405,38.045523,38.0451,38.045035,38.044961,38.044558,38.044145,38.043922,38.043904,38.043861,38.043795,38.044049,38.044361,38.044735,38.044742,38.044838,38.044671,38.044182,38.044161,38.044487,38.044564,38.044685,38.044797,38.044907,38.044971,38.045486,38.045679,38.045884,38.046059,38.046393,38.046483,38.046534,38.046602,38.046623,38.046829,38.047023,38.047258,38.047276,38.047396,38.047593,38.04764,38.047712,38.048232,38.048299]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.455048,-78.454946,-78.454732,-78.454657,-78.454643,-78.454618,-78.454536,-78.454505,-78.454476,-78.454414,-78.454351,-78.454324,-78.454286,-78.454266,-78.454246,-78.45414,-78.454071,-78.454019,-78.453992,-78.453947,-78.453917,-78.453816,-78.453759,-78.453741,-78.453688,-78.453622,-78.453514,-78.453442,-78.453355,-78.453285,-78.453189,-78.453076,-78.453035,-78.452962,-78.452831,-78.452767,-78.452677,-78.452565,-78.452493,-78.452435,-78.452397,-78.452341,-78.452288,-78.452239,-78.45218,-78.452117,-78.452096,-78.45207,-78.451994,-78.451911,-78.451891,-78.451855,-78.451766,-78.451663,-78.451532,-78.451441,-78.451389,-78.451364,-78.451278,-78.451141,-78.451103,-78.451056,-78.450988,-78.450919,-78.450824,-78.450748,-78.450674,-78.450656,-78.450551,-78.450333,-78.450062,-78.44994,-78.449818,-78.449692,-78.449596,-78.449545,-78.449472,-78.449394,-78.449307,-78.449215,-78.449129,-78.449057,-78.448975,-78.448892,-78.44881,-78.448734,-78.448651,-78.448562,-78.448492,-78.448407,-78.448331,-78.448257,-78.448166,-78.448118,-78.448038,-78.447948,-78.447911,-78.447831,-78.447718,-78.447599,-78.447529,-78.447504,-78.44748,-78.447421,-78.447326,-78.447302,-78.447317,-78.447307,-78.447265,-78.447234,-78.447203,-78.447159,-78.447125,-78.447112,-78.447088,-78.447039,-78.447006,-78.446982,-78.446943,-78.446946,-78.446937,-78.446907,-78.446883,-78.446855,-78.446831,-78.446802,-78.446768,-78.446739,-78.446704,-78.446686,-78.44668,-78.446641,-78.446597,-78.446567,-78.446544,-78.446513,-78.446495,-78.446495,-78.446526,-78.446523,-78.446514,-78.446488,-78.44646,-78.446443,-78.44643,-78.446393,-78.44636,-78.446349,-78.446333,-78.446322,-78.446308,-78.4463,-78.4463,-78.446309,-78.446332,-78.446515,-78.446548,-78.446576,-78.446578,-78.4466,-78.446679,-78.446738,-78.446793,-78.446832,-78.446855,-78.446949,-78.446997,-78.447057,-78.447095,-78.447125,-78.447147,-78.44715,-78.44716,-78.447179,-78.447184,-78.447188,-78.447209,-78.447217,-78.44721,-78.447234,-78.447247,-78.44725,-78.44725,-78.447253,-78.44727,-78.447297,-78.447306,-78.447313,-78.447325,-78.447322,-78.447338,-78.447356,-78.447369,-78.447385,-78.447398,-78.447398,-78.447412,-78.447436,-78.44744,-78.447447,-78.447454,-78.447453,-78.447488,-78.447496,-78.447509,-78.447505,-78.447537,-78.447561,-78.447563,-78.44757,-78.447564,-78.447568,-78.447567,-78.447588,-78.44759,-78.44758,-78.447554,-78.447547,-78.44751,-78.447518,-78.447518,-78.447507,-78.447546,-78.447548,-78.447529,-78.447526,-78.44749,-78.447546,-78.447542,-78.447553,-78.447563,-78.447547,-78.447573,-78.447581,-78.447641,-78.447652,-78.447697,-78.447725,-78.447782,-78.447808,-78.44785,-78.447888,-78.447926,-78.447968,-78.448015,-78.448079,-78.448145,-78.448201,-78.448259,-78.448304,-78.448397,-78.448459,-78.448502,-78.448563,-78.44864,-78.44871,-78.448753,-78.448796,-78.448801,-78.449038,-78.449082,-78.449138,-78.449174,-78.449214,-78.449415,-78.449526,-78.450123,-78.450762,-78.450945,-78.451161,-78.451571,-78.451738,-78.45162,-78.451495,-78.451366,-78.450678,-78.450385,-78.45036,-78.449877,-78.449772,-78.448504,-78.447738,-78.446285,-78.44444,-78.443317,-78.442879,-78.44269,-78.442696,-78.442767,-78.442816,-78.443085,-78.443071,-78.44276,-78.442023,-78.440128,-78.439648,-78.439508,-78.439323,-78.43908,-78.438858,-78.43867,-78.438504,-78.438407,-78.438129,-78.437906,-78.437462,-78.43701,-78.436566,-78.436392,-78.435413,-78.434892,-78.434593,-78.434468,-78.434065,-78.43385,-78.4336,-78.433336,-78.433128,-78.433043,-78.432982,-78.432753,-78.432693,-78.432253,-78.432065,-78.431676,-78.431294,-78.430349,-78.429516,-78.429321,-78.429162,-78.428946,-78.428529,-78.428064,-78.427953,-78.427758,-78.427543,-78.42705,-78.426925,-78.426709,-78.426557,-78.426279,-78.425563,-78.425348,-78.425161,-78.424751,-78.424556,-78.424391,-78.424279,-78.423841,-78.423577,-78.423237,-78.422903,-78.422452,-78.422118,-78.421542,-78.420924,-78.420194,-78.419389,-78.419048,-78.418789,-78.418347,-78.417874,-78.417603,-78.417485,-78.417319,-78.41677,-78.416499,-78.416263,-78.416041,-78.415854,-78.415722,-78.415027,-78.414485,-78.414235,-78.413971,-78.41311,-78.412818,-78.412145,-78.411978,-78.41186,-78.411645,-78.41154,-78.411408,-78.411263,-78.411151,-78.41104,-78.41091,-78.410665,-78.410596,-78.41045,-78.410388,-78.410276,-78.409756,-78.409276,-78.40911,-78.408894,-78.408707,-78.408464,-78.408207,-78.40786,-78.407658,-78.407533,-78.407374,-78.407124,-78.406978,-78.406635,-78.406499,-78.405957,-78.405596,-78.405444,-78.405207,-78.405145,-78.405006,-78.404818,-78.404721,-78.40461,-78.404277,-78.404186,-78.404089,-78.403978,-78.403888,-78.403812,-78.40384,-78.403729,-78.403695,-78.403451,-78.403236,-78.403062,-78.40293,-78.402749,-78.402625,-78.402472,-78.402319,-78.402305,-78.402341,-78.402256,-78.402218,-78.402177,-78.402096,-78.402081,-78.402059,-78.402033,-78.401999,-78.401959,-78.401896,-78.401787,-78.401667,-78.401591,-78.401414,-78.401181,-78.401032,-78.400929,-78.400838,-78.400301,-78.400225,-78.399931,-78.399835,-78.399029,-78.398944,-78.398186,-78.397923,-78.397646,-78.397493,-78.397368,-78.39721,-78.39717,-78.397148,-78.397067,-78.396863,-78.396533,-78.396348,-78.396188,-78.396023,-78.395666,-78.39546,-78.395288,-78.39521,-78.395121,-78.395061,-78.394939,-78.394905,-78.394878,-78.394853,-78.394852,-78.394825,-78.394789,-78.394504,-78.394413,-78.394325,-78.394244,-78.394177,-78.39414,-78.394107,-78.393961,-78.393551,-78.393419,-78.392919,-78.392803,-78.392322,-78.391725,-78.390662,-78.390433,-78.389912,-78.389628,-78.389295,-78.389246,-78.388989,-78.388684,-78.388448,-78.388087,-78.387553,-78.387282,-78.387025,-78.386803,-78.386477,-78.386178,-78.385977,-78.385762,-78.385595,-78.385526,-78.385317,-78.385137,-78.384991,-78.384755,-78.38461,-78.384526,-78.384457,-78.384325,-78.384034,-78.383805,-78.383347,-78.383174,-78.383056,-78.382903,-78.382695,-78.382417,-78.381966,-78.381584,-78.381431,-78.381174,-78.380529,-78.380078,-78.37678,-78.376134,-78.375821,-78.376356,-78.376398,-78.376488,-78.376621,-78.376753,-78.376809,-78.377038,-78.377911,-78.379004,-78.380014,-78.381407,-78.382537,-78.38363,-78.38482,-78.385962,-78.387188,-78.387856,-78.388208,-78.38867,-78.38935,-78.390382,-78.391925,-78.393613,-78.394488,-78.39518,-78.395699,-78.395942,-78.396109,-78.396383,-78.396717,-78.397126,-78.397643,-78.398342,-78.399179,-78.399759,-78.400781,-78.401834,-78.403055,-78.404352,-78.405496,-78.406137,-78.407511,-78.408289,-78.409067,-78.409784,-78.410532,-78.410762,-78.411005,-78.411677,-78.412471,-78.412973,-78.413387,-78.414342,-78.414638,-78.415905,-78.416286,-78.418656,-78.418763,-78.418919,-78.419142,-78.419318,-78.419454,-78.419469,-78.419427,-78.419365,-78.41933,-78.419344,-78.419441,-78.419497,-78.419629,-78.420011,-78.420115,-78.420288,-78.420441,-78.420566,-78.420656,-78.420629,-78.420518,-78.420504,-78.420546,-78.420566,-78.42065,-78.420754,-78.420775,-78.420817,-78.420858,-78.42097,-78.42122,-78.421254,-78.421178,-78.421178,-78.421206,-78.42122,-78.421289,-78.421456,-78.421588,-78.421588,-78.42147,-78.421262,-78.421248,-78.421547,-78.421658,-78.421776,-78.421845,-78.421943,-78.422144,-78.42222,-78.422269,-78.42229,-78.422217,-78.422214,-78.422172,-78.422165,-78.422276,-78.422436,-78.422492,-78.42252,-78.422665,-78.422888,-78.422903,-78.422954,-78.423019,-78.42313,-78.423155,-78.423339,-78.423499,-78.423676,-78.423693,-78.423762,-78.423776,-78.423776,-78.423749,-78.423665,-78.423624,-78.423603,-78.423603,-78.423638,-78.42377,-78.423943,-78.424138,-78.424325,-78.424533,-78.424617,-78.424629,-78.4247,-78.424783,-78.424783,-78.424749,-78.424744,-78.424945,-78.425017,-78.425137,-78.425463,-78.425669,-78.425924,-78.426204,-78.426425,-78.426601,-78.426961,-78.427182,-78.427397,-78.427545,-78.427806,-78.427945,-78.428162,-78.428366,-78.42855,-78.428714,-78.428889,-78.429,-78.429182,-78.429249,-78.429357,-78.429656,-78.429692,-78.429785,-78.429839,-78.430009,-78.430352,-78.43053,-78.430543,-78.430602,-78.431026,-78.431206,-78.431271,-78.431535,-78.431722,-78.431917,-78.432135,-78.43228,-78.43397,-78.434698,-78.434771,-78.434628,-78.434395,-78.43415,-78.434072,-78.434039,-78.434027,-78.434028,-78.434053,-78.434133,-78.434204,-78.434227,-78.434224,-78.434206,-78.434123,-78.434075,-78.434025,-78.433667,-78.433548,-78.433498,-78.433446,-78.433413,-78.433401,-78.433366,-78.433328,-78.433263,-78.433174,-78.432987,-78.432827,-78.432511,-78.432465,-78.432404,-78.432335,-78.432139,-78.432039,-78.431953,-78.431471,-78.431066,-78.430491,-78.432048,-78.432445,-78.434661,-78.434965,-78.43537,-78.436915,-78.437083,-78.437821,-78.437844,-78.438781,-78.4392,-78.440493,-78.441123,-78.444114,-78.444766,-78.44607,-78.446525,-78.447452,-78.447601,-78.447793,-78.448098,-78.448312,-78.448927,-78.45013,-78.452402,-78.452813,-78.453105,-78.453271,-78.453494,-78.45375,-78.454042,-78.454407,-78.454771,-78.454904,-78.455013,-78.454662,-78.454401,-78.454092,-78.453978,-78.454015,-78.454141,-78.454314,-78.454381,-78.45443,-78.454552,-78.454682,-78.454985,-78.455048],"lat":[38.044041,38.0446,38.045278,38.045359,38.045367,38.045381,38.045427,38.045451,38.045465,38.045506,38.045556,38.045571,38.045596,38.045607,38.045617,38.045653,38.04568,38.045697,38.045704,38.045708,38.045716,38.045742,38.045756,38.045762,38.045768,38.045761,38.045772,38.045774,38.04578,38.045782,38.045779,38.045778,38.045776,38.045759,38.045763,38.045762,38.045764,38.045769,38.045771,38.045774,38.045778,38.045776,38.045773,38.045771,38.045774,38.045782,38.04579,38.045783,38.045772,38.04577,38.045768,38.04576,38.045757,38.045749,38.045739,38.045728,38.045721,38.045707,38.045685,38.045672,38.045669,38.04567,38.045661,38.045647,38.045644,38.045639,38.045645,38.045645,38.045624,38.045592,38.045498,38.045472,38.045404,38.045356,38.045347,38.045341,38.045322,38.045312,38.045309,38.045306,38.045326,38.045345,38.045372,38.045394,38.045418,38.045436,38.045473,38.045522,38.045548,38.045577,38.045603,38.045631,38.045664,38.04568,38.045685,38.045726,38.045722,38.045715,38.045713,38.045743,38.045817,38.045842,38.045865,38.045925,38.046085,38.046189,38.046244,38.046269,38.046334,38.046415,38.046463,38.046548,38.046638,38.046709,38.04676,38.046832,38.046922,38.04699,38.047091,38.047162,38.047189,38.047258,38.047319,38.04738,38.04744,38.047504,38.047603,38.047707,38.047834,38.047904,38.047926,38.048051,38.048151,38.048231,38.048301,38.048372,38.048409,38.048521,38.048542,38.048585,38.048648,38.048728,38.048846,38.048909,38.048895,38.048986,38.049093,38.049137,38.049194,38.049281,38.049348,38.049421,38.049483,38.049544,38.049614,38.049974,38.050018,38.050052,38.050073,38.050198,38.050222,38.050283,38.050348,38.050384,38.050441,38.050566,38.050639,38.050746,38.050814,38.050882,38.050916,38.050944,38.05101,38.051053,38.051136,38.051221,38.051302,38.051327,38.051383,38.051466,38.051508,38.05155,38.051608,38.051682,38.051805,38.05187,38.051938,38.052005,38.052055,38.052112,38.0522,38.052272,38.052345,38.052434,38.052468,38.052524,38.05263,38.052651,38.052749,38.05285,38.052941,38.053049,38.053127,38.053177,38.053264,38.053364,38.053446,38.053508,38.053525,38.05357,38.053644,38.053763,38.05392,38.054162,38.054211,38.054307,38.054562,38.054632,38.054833,38.054912,38.055012,38.05511,38.055134,38.055187,38.055222,38.055259,38.055798,38.055952,38.05605,38.056211,38.056267,38.056313,38.056409,38.056425,38.056538,38.056589,38.056667,38.056728,38.056938,38.057021,38.057133,38.057232,38.057305,38.05741,38.057498,38.057599,38.057674,38.057748,38.057823,38.057899,38.057995,38.058036,38.058098,38.058175,38.058262,38.058325,38.058395,38.058447,38.058457,38.058715,38.058771,38.05884,38.058883,38.058929,38.059236,38.059397,38.060028,38.060484,38.060527,38.060578,38.060819,38.061097,38.061588,38.061715,38.06206,38.062596,38.062825,38.062931,38.063337,38.063426,38.064804,38.065455,38.066043,38.066902,38.067283,38.067547,38.068137,38.068501,38.068902,38.069171,38.06961,38.069862,38.07018,38.07057,38.071577,38.072016,38.072304,38.072362,38.072456,38.072593,38.072736,38.072961,38.073005,38.073027,38.072999,38.072983,38.072944,38.072895,38.072862,38.072736,38.07262,38.072532,38.072477,38.072395,38.072329,38.072214,38.072011,38.071912,38.071883,38.071862,38.071824,38.071808,38.071692,38.071621,38.071319,38.071511,38.072027,38.072455,38.072527,38.072554,38.072631,38.07301,38.073224,38.073312,38.073493,38.073712,38.074053,38.074091,38.074086,38.07402,38.073937,38.073794,38.073728,38.073652,38.073443,38.07336,38.073344,38.073333,38.073344,38.073388,38.073426,38.073492,38.073519,38.073508,38.07342,38.073387,38.073442,38.073607,38.073656,38.073665,38.073683,38.073661,38.073606,38.073562,38.073436,38.073227,38.073096,38.072909,38.072755,38.07259,38.072491,38.07242,38.072458,38.072442,38.072392,38.072178,38.072068,38.072057,38.072117,38.072221,38.07237,38.072375,38.072348,38.072254,38.072172,38.072128,38.072111,38.072078,38.072045,38.071941,38.071842,38.071765,38.071677,38.071628,38.071622,38.071633,38.071573,38.071397,38.071188,38.071012,38.070859,38.070655,38.070458,38.070282,38.070205,38.069896,38.069799,38.069507,38.069348,38.069271,38.069238,38.06926,38.069282,38.069408,38.069458,38.069463,38.069326,38.069265,38.069101,38.068848,38.068744,38.068524,38.068282,38.068107,38.068089,38.067958,38.067914,38.067903,38.06787,38.067716,38.067431,38.067337,38.067211,38.066992,38.066941,38.066885,38.066873,38.066875,38.066913,38.066698,38.066577,38.066493,38.066435,38.066394,38.066342,38.066276,38.066223,38.066198,38.066156,38.066121,38.066092,38.06606,38.066014,38.065611,38.065566,38.065427,38.065395,38.065174,38.065162,38.065016,38.064982,38.064926,38.064878,38.064824,38.064736,38.064709,38.064689,38.064616,38.064445,38.064167,38.064026,38.063922,38.063839,38.063668,38.063534,38.063398,38.063321,38.063213,38.063121,38.062882,38.062765,38.062617,38.062167,38.061734,38.061391,38.061139,38.061183,38.061183,38.061168,38.06114,38.06111,38.061089,38.061095,38.06124,38.061531,38.06164,38.061783,38.061779,38.061761,38.0617,38.061447,38.061354,38.061161,38.060936,38.060546,38.060458,38.06026,38.060008,38.059673,38.059387,38.059046,38.058915,38.058821,38.058755,38.058601,38.058475,38.058409,38.058354,38.058288,38.058244,38.057914,38.057799,38.057673,38.05742,38.057294,38.057195,38.05703,38.056827,38.056547,38.056299,38.055679,38.055388,38.055245,38.055113,38.05503,38.054904,38.054843,38.054739,38.054629,38.054519,38.054206,38.053964,38.051752,38.051268,38.05107,38.051186,38.051198,38.051207,38.051206,38.051191,38.051178,38.051166,38.051031,38.050809,38.050489,38.049909,38.049358,38.048683,38.048229,38.047891,38.04738,38.047197,38.046955,38.046704,38.046424,38.046145,38.045652,38.045189,38.045035,38.045102,38.045118,38.045058,38.045006,38.044779,38.044356,38.043698,38.043108,38.042793,38.042546,38.042264,38.041928,38.041661,38.041447,38.041424,38.041455,38.041531,38.041775,38.042119,38.042157,38.041989,38.041623,38.041469,38.041257,38.040769,38.040341,38.040208,38.040098,38.040097,38.040097,38.040111,38.040134,38.037267,38.037158,38.0371,38.036993,38.036762,38.036551,38.036281,38.035957,38.035683,38.035403,38.035227,38.034925,38.034788,38.034612,38.034321,38.034272,38.034113,38.033992,38.033849,38.033657,38.033404,38.033093,38.032921,38.03269,38.032504,38.032317,38.031675,38.031406,38.03112,38.030923,38.030752,38.030434,38.030319,38.029616,38.029463,38.029259,38.028842,38.028616,38.028353,38.028095,38.027919,38.027557,38.027123,38.026997,38.026492,38.026338,38.025997,38.025679,38.025426,38.025152,38.025009,38.024823,38.024559,38.024186,38.024169,38.023878,38.02362,38.02328,38.022906,38.022363,38.022296,38.02194,38.021616,38.0216,38.021546,38.021479,38.021281,38.021215,38.020738,38.020474,38.020249,38.020227,38.020029,38.019925,38.019744,38.019574,38.019337,38.019255,38.019096,38.018772,38.018514,38.018206,38.017959,38.017784,38.017685,38.017559,38.017471,38.017454,38.017355,38.017075,38.016839,38.016499,38.016272,38.016303,38.016312,38.016325,38.016351,38.016375,38.016417,38.016478,38.016537,38.016594,38.016729,38.016826,38.016931,38.01701,38.017165,38.01726,38.017428,38.017606,38.017789,38.017978,38.018208,38.018371,38.018621,38.018714,38.018862,38.019272,38.019329,38.019456,38.019539,38.019795,38.020275,38.020523,38.020541,38.020617,38.021155,38.021354,38.021423,38.021678,38.021842,38.021999,38.02216,38.022257,38.023321,38.02379,38.023837,38.023953,38.024149,38.024413,38.024511,38.024571,38.02462,38.024672,38.024765,38.024992,38.025248,38.025395,38.02555,38.025661,38.025939,38.026029,38.026096,38.026444,38.026549,38.026576,38.026588,38.026582,38.026606,38.02665,38.026679,38.026709,38.026733,38.026752,38.026757,38.026759,38.026763,38.026777,38.026805,38.026926,38.02697,38.026995,38.027086,38.027177,38.028127,38.029335,38.029649,38.031389,38.031665,38.031992,38.033111,38.033217,38.033686,38.033701,38.03441,38.034716,38.035686,38.036207,38.038677,38.03877,38.038972,38.039042,38.039435,38.039299,38.039139,38.03892,38.038787,38.038449,38.037816,38.036645,38.036886,38.037001,38.037078,38.037155,38.037161,38.037215,38.037268,38.03732,38.037358,38.037399,38.037829,38.038356,38.039243,38.040141,38.041048,38.041787,38.042364,38.042582,38.042754,38.043049,38.043363,38.043792,38.044041]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.749745,-78.749286,-78.749059,-78.748332,-78.748202,-78.748136,-78.748054,-78.748,-78.747986,-78.747897,-78.747741,-78.747703,-78.747543,-78.747398,-78.747324,-78.747181,-78.747156,-78.746874,-78.746622,-78.746553,-78.7465,-78.746595,-78.746637,-78.746824,-78.747104,-78.747211,-78.747248,-78.747286,-78.747308,-78.747349,-78.747377,-78.747399,-78.747426,-78.747444,-78.747461,-78.747476,-78.747472,-78.74746,-78.747393,-78.747391,-78.747409,-78.747454,-78.747511,-78.747611,-78.747745,-78.747892,-78.747954,-78.748039,-78.748152,-78.748222,-78.748254,-78.74748,-78.746661,-78.744173,-78.74365,-78.743505,-78.743167,-78.743004,-78.742897,-78.741782,-78.74072,-78.739705,-78.739056,-78.737188,-78.736234,-78.735798,-78.735538,-78.734743,-78.733974,-78.732837,-78.732728,-78.731133,-78.730127,-78.726842,-78.72434,-78.71862,-78.717666,-78.716958,-78.716718,-78.715645,-78.715058,-78.714553,-78.714339,-78.714335,-78.714342,-78.714328,-78.714265,-78.714133,-78.714064,-78.714022,-78.713966,-78.713821,-78.713661,-78.713494,-78.713293,-78.71316,-78.713084,-78.712758,-78.712633,-78.71248,-78.712376,-78.712299,-78.712236,-78.712209,-78.712202,-78.712209,-78.712264,-78.712271,-78.712264,-78.712236,-78.712181,-78.712104,-78.711931,-78.711757,-78.711743,-78.711687,-78.711611,-78.711333,-78.711222,-78.71093,-78.710708,-78.710583,-78.710381,-78.710298,-78.710173,-78.710048,-78.709999,-78.709784,-78.709645,-78.709563,-78.709283,-78.709207,-78.709158,-78.70911,-78.708999,-78.708804,-78.708721,-78.708533,-78.70829,-78.708158,-78.70806,-78.707991,-78.707956,-78.707942,-78.707921,-78.707873,-78.707803,-78.707463,-78.707338,-78.707289,-78.707282,-78.707289,-78.707337,-78.707344,-78.707324,-78.707303,-78.707212,-78.707115,-78.707067,-78.707004,-78.706879,-78.70683,-78.706747,-78.706719,-78.706677,-78.706126,-78.70612,-78.705318,-78.705162,-78.704861,-78.704588,-78.703342,-78.702404,-78.702224,-78.702054,-78.702279,-78.702651,-78.702752,-78.702854,-78.702895,-78.702917,-78.702915,-78.702903,-78.702697,-78.702651,-78.702571,-78.702392,-78.702361,-78.702306,-78.702268,-78.702207,-78.702171,-78.702113,-78.702059,-78.702009,-78.701935,-78.701844,-78.701665,-78.701451,-78.701225,-78.701099,-78.701066,-78.7009,-78.700816,-78.700694,-78.70064,-78.700507,-78.700385,-78.700335,-78.700306,-78.700303,-78.700319,-78.700368,-78.700407,-78.70049,-78.700617,-78.700656,-78.700686,-78.700703,-78.700699,-78.700676,-78.700636,-78.700258,-78.70016,-78.700047,-78.699918,-78.699774,-78.699597,-78.699349,-78.699298,-78.699255,-78.699201,-78.699158,-78.699122,-78.69909,-78.699074,-78.699048,-78.698993,-78.69891,-78.698843,-78.698819,-78.698652,-78.698586,-78.698559,-78.698521,-78.698513,-78.698519,-78.69855,-78.698584,-78.698662,-78.69872,-78.698855,-78.699059,-78.699068,-78.699135,-78.699193,-78.699221,-78.699234,-78.699229,-78.699202,-78.699141,-78.699078,-78.699026,-78.698944,-78.697154,-78.696481,-78.694901,-78.694082,-78.693728,-78.691891,-78.691297,-78.689846,-78.688927,-78.687849,-78.686748,-78.685907,-78.685641,-78.684726,-78.683956,-78.683734,-78.683467,-78.683419,-78.682675,-78.681324,-78.681265,-78.680768,-78.679414,-78.679104,-78.678008,-78.676994,-78.676572,-78.6762,-78.675767,-78.674738,-78.674273,-78.67374,-78.673238,-78.672139,-78.671397,-78.670994,-78.67061,-78.670325,-78.6701,-78.669929,-78.669726,-78.669337,-78.669073,-78.668944,-78.668572,-78.66744,-78.666554,-78.665751,-78.665491,-78.665275,-78.664948,-78.664544,-78.663284,-78.662842,-78.661967,-78.660597,-78.659653,-78.658802,-78.657819,-78.657348,-78.656155,-78.654793,-78.654504,-78.654243,-78.653879,-78.653582,-78.653182,-78.650975,-78.650431,-78.650232,-78.650021,-78.649892,-78.649708,-78.649549,-78.649375,-78.649153,-78.649053,-78.648659,-78.64801,-78.647991,-78.648239,-78.649184,-78.649254,-78.649343,-78.649611,-78.650035,-78.65034,-78.650616,-78.650811,-78.651661,-78.651658,-78.651408,-78.65145,-78.651689,-78.651925,-78.652354,-78.652828,-78.653385,-78.654063,-78.6544,-78.655462,-78.655535,-78.656387,-78.657137,-78.657369,-78.657481,-78.657963,-78.65803,-78.657956,-78.657653,-78.657893,-78.657932,-78.657839,-78.657931,-78.658619,-78.660647,-78.661121,-78.661307,-78.66144,-78.661471,-78.661267,-78.661425,-78.66176,-78.662321,-78.662405,-78.66225,-78.661955,-78.661408,-78.661068,-78.660712,-78.660417,-78.660253,-78.6598,-78.659587,-78.659585,-78.659824,-78.659933,-78.659798,-78.659842,-78.65969,-78.65942,-78.659644,-78.659805,-78.660439,-78.660941,-78.661923,-78.662615,-78.663365,-78.663613,-78.663696,-78.663924,-78.664048,-78.66486,-78.664955,-78.66464,-78.663916,-78.663678,-78.663742,-78.663953,-78.664199,-78.664432,-78.6647,-78.665076,-78.6654,-78.665636,-78.666304,-78.666639,-78.66687,-78.66692,-78.667134,-78.667315,-78.667628,-78.667625,-78.667893,-78.668506,-78.668757,-78.669426,-78.670757,-78.67105,-78.671174,-78.671224,-78.671339,-78.67148,-78.671517,-78.67828,-78.67905,-78.680136,-78.681133,-78.681607,-78.682197,-78.682994,-78.683454,-78.684046,-78.684153,-78.684771,-78.685188,-78.685504,-78.686725,-78.687253,-78.689079,-78.689658,-78.690596,-78.691629,-78.692693,-78.693878,-78.69834,-78.700807,-78.701652,-78.702611,-78.705477,-78.709211,-78.70931,-78.710652,-78.71387,-78.714464,-78.715543,-78.716583,-78.717245,-78.718551,-78.719293,-78.719704,-78.720197,-78.720615,-78.72066,-78.720941,-78.721738,-78.722581,-78.723968,-78.725441,-78.725646,-78.726562,-78.727018,-78.727686,-78.728342,-78.72862,-78.729321,-78.729578,-78.729761,-78.729921,-78.73026,-78.73085,-78.731481,-78.731734,-78.732149,-78.732293,-78.733289,-78.738051,-78.738999,-78.741528,-78.742311,-78.746359,-78.749203,-78.749874,-78.749745],"lat":[38.062462,38.062949,38.06318,38.063941,38.064103,38.0642,38.064354,38.064483,38.064519,38.064813,38.065423,38.065587,38.066147,38.066703,38.066964,38.067491,38.067582,38.068572,38.069514,38.06971,38.069802,38.070045,38.070237,38.070294,38.070356,38.070399,38.070418,38.070441,38.070454,38.070484,38.070507,38.070532,38.070572,38.07061,38.070658,38.07074,38.070824,38.070874,38.071282,38.07149,38.071581,38.071685,38.071765,38.071865,38.071975,38.072073,38.07211,38.07214,38.072167,38.072175,38.072182,38.072579,38.072998,38.074273,38.074489,38.074527,38.074614,38.074657,38.074685,38.074747,38.074674,38.074326,38.073998,38.072995,38.072391,38.072225,38.072133,38.072042,38.071955,38.072047,38.072056,38.072494,38.072891,38.074276,38.075331,38.077107,38.077331,38.077354,38.07735,38.077337,38.077309,38.077277,38.077266,38.077149,38.076929,38.076803,38.076688,38.07655,38.076496,38.076463,38.076424,38.076347,38.076293,38.076254,38.076216,38.076208,38.076199,38.076133,38.076095,38.076024,38.075958,38.075886,38.075799,38.075733,38.075667,38.07559,38.075458,38.075387,38.075315,38.075255,38.075173,38.075079,38.074925,38.074783,38.074766,38.074728,38.074668,38.074481,38.074387,38.074168,38.073965,38.073871,38.073701,38.073624,38.07352,38.073449,38.073432,38.073383,38.073361,38.073357,38.073344,38.073333,38.073312,38.073284,38.073196,38.073086,38.07302,38.072812,38.07245,38.07229,38.072148,38.071994,38.071857,38.071505,38.071434,38.071307,38.071203,38.070758,38.070528,38.070379,38.070297,38.07022,38.070061,38.070011,38.069935,38.069896,38.069803,38.069671,38.069622,38.069572,38.069506,38.069495,38.069457,38.069435,38.069386,38.068548,38.068527,38.068514,38.068501,38.068449,38.068389,38.068096,38.067874,38.067826,38.067766,38.067391,38.066808,38.066646,38.066474,38.066366,38.066256,38.066145,38.066079,38.065295,38.065156,38.064992,38.064709,38.064658,38.064534,38.064406,38.064031,38.063895,38.063747,38.063637,38.063553,38.063449,38.063344,38.063172,38.062987,38.062775,38.062642,38.062606,38.062396,38.062275,38.062074,38.061961,38.061652,38.061298,38.061104,38.060932,38.06079,38.060648,38.060458,38.060354,38.060186,38.059928,38.059835,38.05973,38.059592,38.059496,38.059376,38.05926,38.058483,38.058305,38.058134,38.057986,38.057847,38.057703,38.057493,38.057445,38.0574,38.057339,38.057284,38.057233,38.057183,38.057156,38.057109,38.056994,38.056785,38.056573,38.056503,38.056003,38.055742,38.055599,38.055277,38.055123,38.054987,38.054841,38.054746,38.054589,38.054499,38.054301,38.053997,38.05398,38.053852,38.053702,38.053567,38.053405,38.053075,38.052613,38.052166,38.051787,38.051505,38.051176,38.051201,38.051215,38.051245,38.051261,38.05127,38.0513,38.051313,38.051333,38.05135,38.051371,38.05139,38.051407,38.051412,38.051429,38.051437,38.051442,38.051448,38.051449,38.05146,38.051486,38.051487,38.051496,38.05152,38.051522,38.051543,38.051559,38.051565,38.051576,38.051579,38.051597,38.051605,38.051611,38.051619,38.051635,38.051666,38.051703,38.051754,38.051806,38.051855,38.051896,38.051952,38.052068,38.052163,38.052214,38.052377,38.052932,38.053379,38.053777,38.053906,38.054015,38.054168,38.054376,38.054986,38.055213,38.055646,38.056331,38.056798,38.057228,38.057712,38.057946,38.058541,38.059219,38.059343,38.059444,38.059571,38.059663,38.059767,38.060279,38.060423,38.060492,38.060577,38.060639,38.060743,38.060852,38.060978,38.061173,38.061267,38.061663,38.061557,38.061554,38.060623,38.059996,38.059897,38.059329,38.059186,38.059174,38.059073,38.058895,38.058669,38.057847,38.057665,38.057339,38.057163,38.056943,38.056542,38.056313,38.05609,38.055916,38.056013,38.05617,38.056431,38.056514,38.056672,38.056272,38.056087,38.055813,38.055555,38.055274,38.055191,38.054894,38.054275,38.053918,38.053324,38.052938,38.052601,38.051947,38.051725,38.051534,38.050972,38.050449,38.049931,38.049264,38.04884,38.048449,38.048098,38.047568,38.047235,38.046976,38.046637,38.045969,38.045636,38.04554,38.045475,38.045191,38.04461,38.04439,38.043934,38.043515,38.042941,38.042593,38.042155,38.041606,38.04152,38.041611,38.041465,38.04088,38.040725,38.040324,38.040069,38.039718,38.039352,38.039224,38.03876,38.038556,38.038111,38.038008,38.037829,38.036967,38.03667,38.036444,38.036231,38.036088,38.036061,38.035898,38.035496,38.035047,38.034623,38.034439,38.034228,38.034114,38.034139,38.033993,38.033821,38.033678,38.033657,38.033584,38.033135,38.032454,38.032206,38.032079,38.031868,38.031776,38.03132,38.031325,38.031801,38.031855,38.031928,38.032008,38.032058,38.032134,38.03226,38.032344,38.032467,38.032489,38.032636,38.032748,38.032833,38.033191,38.03334,38.033879,38.034045,38.034324,38.034623,38.034922,38.035237,38.036352,38.036969,38.03718,38.037419,38.038132,38.039062,38.039091,38.039425,38.040227,38.040378,38.04067,38.040978,38.041186,38.041632,38.041905,38.042066,38.04226,38.042431,38.042449,38.042564,38.042914,38.043301,38.043959,38.044658,38.044755,38.045187,38.045392,38.045667,38.045921,38.046018,38.046249,38.046328,38.046382,38.046428,38.04652,38.046669,38.046812,38.046864,38.046946,38.04697,38.047684,38.051098,38.051734,38.053529,38.05435,38.058599,38.061604,38.062306,38.062462]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.533691,-78.533666,-78.533598,-78.533526,-78.533439,-78.533296,-78.533038,-78.532912,-78.532866,-78.532795,-78.532755,-78.532719,-78.532682,-78.532639,-78.532611,-78.532582,-78.532388,-78.532364,-78.532357,-78.532372,-78.532389,-78.5324,-78.532445,-78.532504,-78.532836,-78.532998,-78.533181,-78.533242,-78.533288,-78.533317,-78.533328,-78.533317,-78.533293,-78.533246,-78.533184,-78.53316,-78.533152,-78.533148,-78.533149,-78.533169,-78.533207,-78.533276,-78.533337,-78.53338,-78.533403,-78.533406,-78.533344,-78.533253,-78.533242,-78.533233,-78.533199,-78.533144,-78.533087,-78.532974,-78.532937,-78.532928,-78.532941,-78.532964,-78.53298,-78.533303,-78.533361,-78.533407,-78.533434,-78.533473,-78.533474,-78.533475,-78.53346,-78.533428,-78.53338,-78.533331,-78.533258,-78.5331,-78.532964,-78.532894,-78.532844,-78.532649,-78.532477,-78.532311,-78.532183,-78.532116,-78.532032,-78.531863,-78.531714,-78.531602,-78.531504,-78.531339,-78.531268,-78.531224,-78.531182,-78.53116,-78.531114,-78.531067,-78.531061,-78.531067,-78.531086,-78.531107,-78.531282,-78.531341,-78.531495,-78.531573,-78.531635,-78.531672,-78.531702,-78.531736,-78.531759,-78.531769,-78.531805,-78.53186,-78.531901,-78.531921,-78.531922,-78.531905,-78.53187,-78.531851,-78.531413,-78.531297,-78.531575,-78.531506,-78.531457,-78.531346,-78.531144,-78.530971,-78.530679,-78.53054,-78.530408,-78.530255,-78.5302,-78.530144,-78.529936,-78.529873,-78.529817,-78.529741,-78.529665,-78.529581,-78.529429,-78.529352,-78.529227,-78.529179,-78.52913,-78.529005,-78.528943,-78.52888,-78.528804,-78.528699,-78.528602,-78.52854,-78.528345,-78.528164,-78.528053,-78.528018,-78.527956,-78.527914,-78.527886,-78.527859,-78.527845,-78.52781,-78.52772,-78.527504,-78.527428,-78.52733,-78.527296,-78.527275,-78.527289,-78.527302,-78.527344,-78.527413,-78.527462,-78.527587,-78.52808,-78.528559,-78.528754,-78.528837,-78.529157,-78.529219,-78.529254,-78.529191,-78.529156,-78.529128,-78.529149,-78.52917,-78.529205,-78.529309,-78.529371,-78.529468,-78.529461,-78.52944,-78.529406,-78.529357,-78.529308,-78.52919,-78.52901,-78.528794,-78.528523,-78.52835,-78.528273,-78.528093,-78.527843,-78.527669,-78.527509,-78.52719,-78.526815,-78.526516,-78.526176,-78.525704,-78.525176,-78.524981,-78.524703,-78.524453,-78.523793,-78.52346,-78.523286,-78.523105,-78.52248,-78.522237,-78.521959,-78.521661,-78.521501,-78.521299,-78.521167,-78.520987,-78.520841,-78.520757,-78.52073,-78.520695,-78.520688,-78.520695,-78.520729,-78.520792,-78.520827,-78.520979,-78.521104,-78.521271,-78.52166,-78.521771,-78.522084,-78.522139,-78.522209,-78.522243,-78.522271,-78.522278,-78.522271,-78.522243,-78.522201,-78.52216,-78.522132,-78.522055,-78.521958,-78.521889,-78.521819,-78.521715,-78.521465,-78.521354,-78.521291,-78.521236,-78.521194,-78.521083,-78.521006,-78.520951,-78.520846,-78.520797,-78.520811,-78.520832,-78.520839,-78.520832,-78.52079,-78.520734,-78.5207,-78.520679,-78.520582,-78.520463,-78.520172,-78.520088,-78.520053,-78.519998,-78.519984,-78.519977,-78.519998,-78.520039,-78.520053,-78.520046,-78.520039,-78.519983,-78.519942,-78.51983,-78.519705,-78.519615,-78.519525,-78.519393,-78.519289,-78.519053,-78.518566,-78.51824,-78.518108,-78.517942,-78.517837,-78.517712,-78.517629,-78.517428,-78.517365,-78.517198,-78.517115,-78.517017,-78.516969,-78.516948,-78.516934,-78.516948,-78.516989,-78.517024,-78.517079,-78.517163,-78.517281,-78.517301,-78.517426,-78.517454,-78.517489,-78.517461,-78.517419,-78.517357,-78.517301,-78.517183,-78.517079,-78.516961,-78.516815,-78.516648,-78.516349,-78.516225,-78.516044,-78.516023,-78.515947,-78.515919,-78.515843,-78.515676,-78.515357,-78.51519,-78.515117,-78.514975,-78.5146,-78.514496,-78.514287,-78.514155,-78.513773,-78.513662,-78.513544,-78.513405,-78.513266,-78.513148,-78.513009,-78.512877,-78.51278,-78.512662,-78.512592,-78.512426,-78.512342,-78.512294,-78.512259,-78.512161,-78.512126,-78.512098,-78.512126,-78.512119,-78.512084,-78.511966,-78.511861,-78.511764,-78.51168,-78.511638,-78.511485,-78.511339,-78.511165,-78.511158,-78.511109,-78.511075,-78.511019,-78.510998,-78.511005,-78.511046,-78.511081,-78.511178,-78.511226,-78.511261,-78.511268,-78.511261,-78.511212,-78.511143,-78.511038,-78.510934,-78.510816,-78.510524,-78.510392,-78.510156,-78.510086,-78.509989,-78.509822,-78.509627,-78.509433,-78.509308,-78.509127,-78.508925,-78.508911,-78.508849,-78.508765,-78.508717,-78.508689,-78.508446,-78.508306,-78.508223,-78.508112,-78.508035,-78.507966,-78.507896,-78.507847,-78.507778,-78.507659,-78.507604,-78.507555,-78.507478,-78.507388,-78.507346,-78.507207,-78.507138,-78.507068,-78.506992,-78.506922,-78.506894,-78.506762,-78.506658,-78.506512,-78.506456,-78.506248,-78.506144,-78.505768,-78.505573,-78.505511,-78.505469,-78.505392,-78.505316,-78.505267,-78.505198,-78.505072,-78.50485,-78.504704,-78.504614,-78.504579,-78.504544,-78.504537,-78.504558,-78.504564,-78.504557,-78.504537,-78.504509,-78.504571,-78.504703,-78.504772,-78.504779,-78.504772,-78.504744,-78.504703,-78.504647,-78.504541,-78.504427,-78.503995,-78.503613,-78.503308,-78.503049,-78.502774,-78.502637,-78.502561,-78.502408,-78.502234,-78.501961,-78.501717,-78.501479,-78.501263,-78.501029,-78.500725,-78.50057,-78.50022,-78.499997,-78.499738,-78.499549,-78.498862,-78.497403,-78.496488,-78.495801,-78.495435,-78.495435,-78.495764,-78.4962,-78.496564,-78.49663,-78.496752,-78.496879,-78.496802,-78.496449,-78.495705,-78.495054,-78.494897,-78.494825,-78.494923,-78.495042,-78.495073,-78.494968,-78.494574,-78.493928,-78.493571,-78.493231,-78.49295,-78.492506,-78.492124,-78.491913,-78.491796,-78.491315,-78.490973,-78.490811,-78.490172,-78.489639,-78.489281,-78.489124,-78.488908,-78.488833,-78.488482,-78.488405,-78.488344,-78.488356,-78.4883,-78.488187,-78.488148,-78.488126,-78.488439,-78.488462,-78.488544,-78.488468,-78.488438,-78.488412,-78.488246,-78.487732,-78.486955,-78.486321,-78.486038,-78.485359,-78.484895,-78.484581,-78.483802,-78.483108,-78.482343,-78.48115,-78.48044,-78.479692,-78.479371,-78.478914,-78.478043,-78.476937,-78.47647,-78.47512,-78.474733,-78.473987,-78.473108,-78.472692,-78.472453,-78.47207,-78.471959,-78.471745,-78.471322,-78.47105,-78.470518,-78.469793,-78.469377,-78.469091,-78.46884,-78.468315,-78.467945,-78.467619,-78.467061,-78.466645,-78.466529,-78.465929,-78.46574,-78.46542,-78.465074,-78.462714,-78.46232,-78.462184,-78.4617,-78.461437,-78.461416,-78.461235,-78.461349,-78.462231,-78.46294,-78.463441,-78.463974,-78.464049,-78.464463,-78.464933,-78.465381,-78.465526,-78.46599,-78.466369,-78.466497,-78.466766,-78.467033,-78.467128,-78.467421,-78.467732,-78.467943,-78.468043,-78.468139,-78.468501,-78.468607,-78.469568,-78.47026,-78.470583,-78.47079,-78.471146,-78.471709,-78.472264,-78.472639,-78.472971,-78.47347,-78.473613,-78.473788,-78.473897,-78.474003,-78.474206,-78.474298,-78.474428,-78.474585,-78.475031,-78.475225,-78.475469,-78.475869,-78.477386,-78.477761,-78.478275,-78.478594,-78.47878,-78.479327,-78.479677,-78.479953,-78.480146,-78.480348,-78.480524,-78.480576,-78.480754,-78.480935,-78.481267,-78.4815,-78.482393,-78.482485,-78.48279,-78.482983,-78.483211,-78.483473,-78.484582,-78.485217,-78.485717,-78.48624,-78.486713,-78.486867,-78.487038,-78.487324,-78.488396,-78.488712,-78.489315,-78.489438,-78.489615,-78.489952,-78.490343,-78.49059,-78.491099,-78.49149,-78.491968,-78.492688,-78.492832,-78.494061,-78.494335,-78.494538,-78.494789,-78.49503,-78.495348,-78.495489,-78.495624,-78.495952,-78.496091,-78.496716,-78.49727,-78.497395,-78.498103,-78.498675,-78.498803,-78.498867,-78.498949,-78.499093,-78.499127,-78.499179,-78.499244,-78.499299,-78.499323,-78.499328,-78.499321,-78.499316,-78.499274,-78.499087,-78.499154,-78.499274,-78.499381,-78.499547,-78.500039,-78.500172,-78.500437,-78.500746,-78.500819,-78.501158,-78.501447,-78.50175,-78.502287,-78.502498,-78.502863,-78.503018,-78.503176,-78.50337,-78.503444,-78.50362,-78.503735,-78.503839,-78.503952,-78.504002,-78.504062,-78.504125,-78.504238,-78.504264,-78.504277,-78.504334,-78.504401,-78.504512,-78.504762,-78.504867,-78.505206,-78.505864,-78.506375,-78.506801,-78.506985,-78.50733,-78.507795,-78.507912,-78.508182,-78.508266,-78.508484,-78.508715,-78.508839,-78.508957,-78.509209,-78.509428,-78.509602,-78.509747,-78.510292,-78.510566,-78.510839,-78.51111,-78.511264,-78.511493,-78.511717,-78.511933,-78.512073,-78.512346,-78.513142,-78.513235,-78.513902,-78.514013,-78.514168,-78.514309,-78.514442,-78.514596,-78.514716,-78.515055,-78.515159,-78.515324,-78.515862,-78.515914,-78.515994,-78.516368,-78.516604,-78.516825,-78.516979,-78.517112,-78.517176,-78.517346,-78.517533,-78.517861,-78.51828,-78.518384,-78.518492,-78.518608,-78.518676,-78.518771,-78.518853,-78.518917,-78.518954,-78.518992,-78.519001,-78.518992,-78.518965,-78.518932,-78.518886,-78.518598,-78.518299,-78.518215,-78.518156,-78.51811,-78.517915,-78.517786,-78.517757,-78.517722,-78.517703,-78.517702,-78.517719,-78.517751,-78.517787,-78.517841,-78.517926,-78.518047,-78.518273,-78.518573,-78.518807,-78.518885,-78.519035,-78.519186,-78.519446,-78.519646,-78.519719,-78.519796,-78.519953,-78.520007,-78.520071,-78.520273,-78.520398,-78.520708,-78.520956,-78.520988,-78.521044,-78.521265,-78.521386,-78.521543,-78.521627,-78.521694,-78.521776,-78.521866,-78.521871,-78.521862,-78.521805,-78.521804,-78.521822,-78.521856,-78.521906,-78.52207,-78.52222,-78.52232,-78.522388,-78.522441,-78.522482,-78.522559,-78.522583,-78.522582,-78.522562,-78.522497,-78.522466,-78.522444,-78.522436,-78.522456,-78.522489,-78.522534,-78.522636,-78.522681,-78.522737,-78.522783,-78.522827,-78.522853,-78.523431,-78.524288,-78.524312,-78.524435,-78.524482,-78.52456,-78.524595,-78.524639,-78.52469,-78.524751,-78.52481,-78.525049,-78.525118,-78.525172,-78.525262,-78.525324,-78.525527,-78.525792,-78.526018,-78.526333,-78.526454,-78.526741,-78.526866,-78.526985,-78.52713,-78.527186,-78.527245,-78.527289,-78.527314,-78.527326,-78.527324,-78.527306,-78.527307,-78.52733,-78.527373,-78.527405,-78.527492,-78.527589,-78.527931,-78.528179,-78.528335,-78.52977,-78.529914,-78.530209,-78.530408,-78.530557,-78.530591,-78.530607,-78.530621,-78.530611,-78.530607,-78.530587,-78.530604,-78.53063,-78.530678,-78.530728,-78.530824,-78.530934,-78.531251,-78.531345,-78.531383,-78.531475,-78.531555,-78.531614,-78.531626,-78.531683,-78.531741,-78.531891,-78.532218,-78.532562,-78.532733,-78.533236,-78.533333,-78.533367,-78.533408,-78.533432,-78.533494,-78.533532,-78.533658,-78.533687,-78.533697,-78.533691],"lat":[38.05945,38.05955,38.059709,38.059828,38.059941,38.060067,38.060265,38.060382,38.06043,38.060525,38.060615,38.060728,38.060901,38.061038,38.061111,38.061166,38.061593,38.061689,38.061806,38.061904,38.061957,38.061984,38.062056,38.062121,38.06242,38.062528,38.062637,38.062687,38.062746,38.062812,38.062881,38.062971,38.063068,38.063186,38.063307,38.063379,38.063418,38.063452,38.063545,38.063637,38.063725,38.063825,38.063935,38.06405,38.064149,38.064255,38.064697,38.065365,38.065514,38.065597,38.065818,38.065982,38.066111,38.066312,38.066427,38.066525,38.066606,38.06667,38.066701,38.067198,38.067305,38.067433,38.067563,38.06799,38.068066,38.068123,38.068206,38.068285,38.06836,38.068415,38.068475,38.068586,38.068665,38.0687,38.068728,38.06882,38.068884,38.068938,38.068991,38.069023,38.069067,38.069174,38.069296,38.069396,38.069468,38.069571,38.069637,38.069692,38.069769,38.069834,38.070068,38.07042,38.070502,38.070616,38.070718,38.070789,38.071256,38.071359,38.071558,38.071684,38.071816,38.071925,38.072063,38.072347,38.072581,38.072778,38.072919,38.073055,38.07314,38.073215,38.073293,38.073369,38.073441,38.073468,38.074242,38.074469,38.074706,38.074735,38.074746,38.074757,38.074735,38.074697,38.074625,38.074614,38.074625,38.074658,38.074686,38.074729,38.075004,38.075064,38.075097,38.075125,38.07513,38.075125,38.075042,38.074982,38.074861,38.074784,38.074718,38.074422,38.074356,38.074317,38.074306,38.074317,38.074345,38.074372,38.074482,38.074603,38.074701,38.07474,38.074822,38.074904,38.074981,38.075102,38.075146,38.075195,38.075267,38.07542,38.075486,38.075585,38.075646,38.075821,38.075936,38.07598,38.076063,38.076134,38.076167,38.076222,38.076332,38.07647,38.07653,38.076579,38.076788,38.076871,38.076986,38.077249,38.077442,38.077716,38.077886,38.078007,38.078106,38.078293,38.078375,38.078523,38.078683,38.078738,38.078803,38.078847,38.07888,38.078946,38.079006,38.079045,38.079067,38.079056,38.079039,38.078984,38.078869,38.078742,38.078638,38.078479,38.078341,38.078242,38.078149,38.078044,38.077946,38.077934,38.077929,38.077929,38.078005,38.078038,38.078044,38.078044,38.077944,38.077917,38.077911,38.077911,38.077928,38.077955,38.077982,38.078037,38.078098,38.078158,38.078202,38.078284,38.078356,38.078422,38.078509,38.078608,38.078652,38.078784,38.078872,38.07896,38.079097,38.079125,38.079185,38.079218,38.079273,38.079328,38.079405,38.079487,38.079575,38.079652,38.079734,38.079795,38.079828,38.079905,38.079976,38.080014,38.08002,38.080003,38.07991,38.079877,38.079866,38.079871,38.079882,38.079954,38.080047,38.08014,38.080497,38.081041,38.081167,38.081249,38.081337,38.081425,38.081518,38.081573,38.081595,38.081617,38.081672,38.081711,38.081743,38.081765,38.081787,38.081837,38.081881,38.08199,38.082265,38.082485,38.082627,38.082715,38.082748,38.082869,38.082929,38.083012,38.08305,38.083061,38.083055,38.082995,38.082913,38.082693,38.082292,38.08205,38.081962,38.08188,38.081847,38.081819,38.081808,38.081836,38.081857,38.081934,38.082011,38.082137,38.082269,38.082357,38.082626,38.082818,38.08295,38.083016,38.083104,38.083225,38.083351,38.083378,38.083516,38.083571,38.083724,38.083862,38.083928,38.083977,38.083999,38.08401,38.083999,38.08396,38.083889,38.08379,38.083603,38.083515,38.083361,38.08335,38.08329,38.083263,38.083208,38.083037,38.082697,38.082526,38.08247,38.082362,38.082092,38.082032,38.081955,38.081933,38.081911,38.0819,38.081872,38.081817,38.081779,38.081757,38.081746,38.081757,38.081773,38.081806,38.081839,38.081932,38.082015,38.082091,38.082168,38.082596,38.0828,38.08308,38.083563,38.083728,38.083837,38.084079,38.084513,38.084743,38.084891,38.084952,38.085133,38.085347,38.085775,38.085825,38.086,38.086165,38.086538,38.086802,38.086961,38.08734,38.08745,38.087648,38.087757,38.087884,38.088005,38.088125,38.088235,38.088334,38.088433,38.088504,38.088553,38.088641,38.088696,38.088828,38.088877,38.088937,38.089058,38.089184,38.089289,38.089338,38.089393,38.089481,38.089497,38.089524,38.08959,38.089634,38.089651,38.089859,38.089996,38.090084,38.090238,38.090353,38.090468,38.0906,38.090721,38.090962,38.091319,38.091457,38.091555,38.09166,38.091758,38.091797,38.091945,38.092038,38.092115,38.092192,38.092236,38.092258,38.092291,38.092329,38.092406,38.092444,38.092614,38.092675,38.092933,38.093092,38.093163,38.093223,38.093421,38.093718,38.0938,38.093866,38.093959,38.094157,38.094299,38.094393,38.094453,38.094541,38.094596,38.094706,38.094799,38.094887,38.094925,38.095008,38.095211,38.095458,38.095634,38.095705,38.095765,38.095826,38.095886,38.095919,38.095963,38.095973,38.096194,38.096461,38.096682,38.096888,38.097003,38.097353,38.097735,38.098116,38.098295,38.098414,38.098446,38.098408,38.098324,38.098175,38.09803,38.097935,38.097642,38.097588,38.09742,38.097229,38.096996,38.096354,38.09614,38.096019,38.09605,38.096454,38.096689,38.097035,38.097379,38.097621,38.098028,38.098248,38.098928,38.099481,38.09962,38.099636,38.099393,38.099282,38.098971,38.098653,38.098569,38.098543,38.098444,38.09802,38.097786,38.097682,38.0976,38.096905,38.096489,38.096277,38.096159,38.096049,38.096083,38.096087,38.09613,38.095866,38.095533,38.095253,38.095044,38.094958,38.094565,38.094478,38.094268,38.094239,38.094212,38.093928,38.093735,38.09363,38.092981,38.092897,38.092592,38.092104,38.091851,38.091627,38.091527,38.091219,38.091394,38.09122,38.091143,38.091137,38.091228,38.09129,38.09205,38.092828,38.093279,38.093459,38.093563,38.093765,38.094033,38.094415,38.094948,38.095693,38.096008,38.096964,38.097337,38.09806,38.099249,38.099874,38.10075,38.102089,38.102478,38.102799,38.103435,38.103844,38.104212,38.104561,38.104659,38.104757,38.104753,38.104746,38.104729,38.104637,38.10423,38.103829,38.103717,38.103485,38.103494,38.103266,38.103143,38.101775,38.101547,38.101527,38.101203,38.101129,38.101116,38.101011,38.100867,38.099765,38.098874,38.098232,38.097573,38.097474,38.096962,38.096381,38.095816,38.09564,38.095057,38.094558,38.09437,38.093924,38.093465,38.093303,38.092762,38.092218,38.091883,38.091733,38.091557,38.090897,38.090712,38.089039,38.087825,38.087258,38.086895,38.086271,38.085285,38.084319,38.083666,38.083082,38.082218,38.082014,38.081788,38.082,38.082206,38.082512,38.082623,38.082754,38.082875,38.0832,38.083342,38.083536,38.08385,38.085049,38.08534,38.085743,38.085964,38.086092,38.086424,38.086606,38.086746,38.086827,38.086895,38.086941,38.086952,38.086979,38.086991,38.086988,38.08697,38.086845,38.08683,38.086765,38.086709,38.086625,38.086509,38.085943,38.085625,38.085369,38.085107,38.084865,38.084782,38.084688,38.084532,38.083981,38.083819,38.083504,38.083438,38.083342,38.08315,38.082917,38.082762,38.082443,38.082174,38.081828,38.081262,38.081144,38.080171,38.079955,38.079794,38.079585,38.079372,38.079061,38.078918,38.078766,38.078381,38.078196,38.077341,38.076575,38.076398,38.075427,38.074639,38.074436,38.074324,38.074158,38.073818,38.073717,38.073558,38.073306,38.072989,38.072698,38.072586,38.072347,38.072222,38.071925,38.071202,38.071172,38.071107,38.07103,38.070881,38.070402,38.070272,38.069979,38.069651,38.069571,38.069225,38.068978,38.06874,38.068342,38.06819,38.067917,38.067798,38.06767,38.067513,38.067439,38.067231,38.067076,38.066912,38.066698,38.06658,38.066395,38.066092,38.065438,38.065347,38.065308,38.065179,38.065069,38.064924,38.064681,38.064582,38.064268,38.063631,38.063141,38.062747,38.062582,38.062278,38.061868,38.06176,38.061513,38.06143,38.061522,38.061602,38.061632,38.061652,38.061667,38.061662,38.061651,38.061646,38.061632,38.061633,38.061649,38.06168,38.061706,38.061763,38.061834,38.061918,38.061984,38.062137,38.062669,38.062731,38.063176,38.063246,38.063353,38.063464,38.063581,38.063735,38.063877,38.063676,38.063622,38.063557,38.063408,38.063389,38.063346,38.063045,38.062846,38.062637,38.062507,38.06241,38.062375,38.062299,38.062243,38.062163,38.062049,38.062026,38.062012,38.062008,38.062016,38.062041,38.062082,38.062139,38.062196,38.062303,38.062376,38.06245,38.062517,38.062551,38.062575,38.062633,38.062702,38.062732,38.062771,38.062819,38.062985,38.063102,38.063137,38.063201,38.06327,38.06335,38.063408,38.063451,38.063479,38.063505,38.063522,38.063534,38.063541,38.063532,38.063507,38.063492,38.063448,38.063386,38.063288,38.063184,38.063138,38.063069,38.06287,38.062771,38.062573,38.062141,38.061854,38.061304,38.060711,38.060652,38.060587,38.060409,38.060291,38.060102,38.059988,38.059868,38.059591,38.059254,38.059174,38.05911,38.058936,38.058876,38.058817,38.058763,38.058718,38.058622,38.058545,38.05848,38.058414,38.058334,38.05823,38.057753,38.057535,38.057452,38.057372,38.057238,38.057158,38.057055,38.056829,38.056513,38.056434,38.056375,38.056286,38.056255,38.056207,38.056154,38.056086,38.05602,38.056217,38.056491,38.056502,38.056396,38.056335,38.056205,38.056095,38.056036,38.055998,38.055976,38.055961,38.055815,38.05576,38.055702,38.055624,38.055582,38.055461,38.05527,38.055087,38.054802,38.054685,38.054377,38.054217,38.054048,38.053765,38.053632,38.053447,38.053265,38.05309,38.052844,38.052713,38.052465,38.052322,38.052157,38.051984,38.051912,38.051761,38.051634,38.051986,38.052218,38.052352,38.053469,38.053603,38.053927,38.054157,38.054354,38.054427,38.054503,38.054634,38.055122,38.055806,38.056226,38.056327,38.056405,38.056499,38.05657,38.056665,38.05675,38.056981,38.057077,38.057122,38.057252,38.057394,38.057472,38.057484,38.057545,38.057596,38.0577,38.057914,38.05815,38.058266,38.058592,38.058663,38.058693,38.058734,38.05876,38.05884,38.0589,38.059162,38.059265,38.059348,38.05945]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.725747,-78.725735,-78.725686,-78.725616,-78.725426,-78.725315,-78.72526,-78.725212,-78.72514,-78.72508,-78.725001,-78.724915,-78.724611,-78.724223,-78.723899,-78.723784,-78.723676,-78.723594,-78.723547,-78.723504,-78.72327,-78.722768,-78.721861,-78.721822,-78.721733,-78.721637,-78.721385,-78.72133,-78.721161,-78.721066,-78.721025,-78.720513,-78.720411,-78.720244,-78.720111,-78.720027,-78.719928,-78.71981,-78.719632,-78.719622,-78.719622,-78.719615,-78.719649,-78.719642,-78.719608,-78.719517,-78.719441,-78.71935,-78.719072,-78.719003,-78.718871,-78.71885,-78.718787,-78.718746,-78.718619,-78.718356,-78.718072,-78.717845,-78.717802,-78.717595,-78.717203,-78.717126,-78.717071,-78.716862,-78.716723,-78.716543,-78.716376,-78.716168,-78.716146,-78.715883,-78.71566,-78.715528,-78.715424,-78.715396,-78.715313,-78.715244,-78.715091,-78.714771,-78.714591,-78.714382,-78.714354,-78.714229,-78.713937,-78.713861,-78.713764,-78.713611,-78.713423,-78.713368,-78.713333,-78.713298,-78.713229,-78.713152,-78.71293,-78.712805,-78.712749,-78.712583,-78.712506,-78.712457,-78.712214,-78.712055,-78.711922,-78.711707,-78.711624,-78.711478,-78.711283,-78.711123,-78.711068,-78.711005,-78.710818,-78.710713,-78.710491,-78.71029,-78.710137,-78.709859,-78.709699,-78.709553,-78.7094,-78.70924,-78.70908,-78.7089,-78.70874,-78.708573,-78.708351,-78.70833,-78.708274,-78.708191,-78.708114,-78.708031,-78.707865,-78.707832,-78.707795,-78.707628,-78.707593,-78.707559,-78.70751,-78.70744,-78.707392,-78.707308,-78.707197,-78.707065,-78.706822,-78.706614,-78.706397,-78.706329,-78.706287,-78.706099,-78.705926,-78.705564,-78.705432,-78.705182,-78.704918,-78.704737,-78.704564,-78.704383,-78.704272,-78.704216,-78.70414,-78.704098,-78.704036,-78.703904,-78.703827,-78.70373,-78.703619,-78.703417,-78.703118,-78.702931,-78.702764,-78.702528,-78.702159,-78.701937,-78.701464,-78.701103,-78.700651,-78.70052,-78.700429,-78.700408,-78.700401,-78.700408,-78.70036,-78.700332,-78.700248,-78.700158,-78.699871,-78.699706,-78.699595,-78.699394,-78.699213,-78.699102,-78.698991,-78.698914,-78.698838,-78.698741,-78.698379,-78.697976,-78.697886,-78.697809,-78.697794,-78.697782,-78.697691,-78.697664,-78.69758,-78.697518,-78.697455,-78.697351,-78.697126,-78.69706,-78.697002,-78.696823,-78.69667,-78.696524,-78.696378,-78.696024,-78.695857,-78.695349,-78.695231,-78.695106,-78.694877,-78.694509,-78.694467,-78.694252,-78.694126,-78.694078,-78.694008,-78.693974,-78.693953,-78.693921,-78.693862,-78.693814,-78.69364,-78.693466,-78.693355,-78.693223,-78.693119,-78.693054,-78.692991,-78.692873,-78.69267,-78.692145,-78.691706,-78.691399,-78.691209,-78.691153,-78.691077,-78.690761,-78.690285,-78.689601,-78.689218,-78.688969,-78.688735,-78.688641,-78.688377,-78.687733,-78.687244,-78.685761,-78.684553,-78.684018,-78.682897,-78.682635,-78.682546,-78.682438,-78.682339,-78.682249,-78.682147,-78.682057,-78.681911,-78.681781,-78.68148,-78.681257,-78.681114,-78.680962,-78.680882,-78.680567,-78.680093,-78.679765,-78.679322,-78.679002,-78.677197,-78.676984,-78.67637,-78.676035,-78.675761,-78.675638,-78.675239,-78.674953,-78.674839,-78.674784,-78.674747,-78.674682,-78.674619,-78.674561,-78.674469,-78.67406,-78.673157,-78.672824,-78.672786,-78.672736,-78.672666,-78.672562,-78.672417,-78.672277,-78.672001,-78.671974,-78.671907,-78.671868,-78.671602,-78.671079,-78.670029,-78.669664,-78.668789,-78.66832,-78.668092,-78.667694,-78.667586,-78.667497,-78.667385,-78.667265,-78.667107,-78.666965,-78.666814,-78.666632,-78.666423,-78.666343,-78.666235,-78.66618,-78.66609,-78.666003,-78.665851,-78.665755,-78.665531,-78.665234,-78.665026,-78.664551,-78.664456,-78.664362,-78.664272,-78.664221,-78.66406,-78.66385,-78.663786,-78.663731,-78.663416,-78.663295,-78.663075,-78.662712,-78.662137,-78.660443,-78.65991,-78.659522,-78.65919,-78.658559,-78.658237,-78.658134,-78.658025,-78.657918,-78.657734,-78.657601,-78.65752,-78.657429,-78.657284,-78.657187,-78.657048,-78.657019,-78.656986,-78.656906,-78.656823,-78.656594,-78.656443,-78.656071,-78.655726,-78.655497,-78.6552,-78.654979,-78.654633,-78.654547,-78.654502,-78.65446,-78.654391,-78.654283,-78.654229,-78.654194,-78.654145,-78.654108,-78.65404,-78.654001,-78.653907,-78.653613,-78.653337,-78.653144,-78.652859,-78.652737,-78.652571,-78.652386,-78.652157,-78.652132,-78.652054,-78.651933,-78.651848,-78.651738,-78.650922,-78.650473,-78.650412,-78.650315,-78.650228,-78.650056,-78.649859,-78.649772,-78.64964,-78.649439,-78.649268,-78.649352,-78.649573,-78.650329,-78.650764,-78.65093,-78.651123,-78.65119,-78.65126,-78.651312,-78.651427,-78.651469,-78.651469,-78.651452,-78.651422,-78.651358,-78.651274,-78.651254,-78.651241,-78.651242,-78.651257,-78.651285,-78.651553,-78.651574,-78.651793,-78.651852,-78.651881,-78.651892,-78.651885,-78.651859,-78.651827,-78.651772,-78.651715,-78.651649,-78.651295,-78.651151,-78.650988,-78.650739,-78.65052,-78.650402,-78.650366,-78.650349,-78.65035,-78.650369,-78.650507,-78.650571,-78.650636,-78.650712,-78.650809,-78.651123,-78.651226,-78.651253,-78.651264,-78.651253,-78.65123,-78.651195,-78.651134,-78.651082,-78.651005,-78.650936,-78.650571,-78.650468,-78.650338,-78.650236,-78.650016,-78.649658,-78.649094,-78.649025,-78.648926,-78.648767,-78.648638,-78.648034,-78.647926,-78.647831,-78.64775,-78.647705,-78.647677,-78.647667,-78.64767,-78.647693,-78.648042,-78.648237,-78.648482,-78.648237,-78.64794,-78.647898,-78.647875,-78.647991,-78.64801,-78.648659,-78.649613,-78.65075,-78.651636,-78.652598,-78.65384,-78.654366,-78.65537,-78.655984,-78.656618,-78.657286,-78.658248,-78.659149,-78.660338,-78.66122,-78.661461,-78.662663,-78.663851,-78.664866,-78.665314,-78.665576,-78.665908,-78.666589,-78.666923,-78.667523,-78.667976,-78.66904,-78.669548,-78.67037,-78.671272,-78.671612,-78.673275,-78.673776,-78.674389,-78.674946,-78.675693,-78.675796,-78.676436,-78.676738,-78.677342,-78.677588,-78.678227,-78.679156,-78.680178,-78.68253,-78.684183,-78.68479,-78.685304,-78.687241,-78.688586,-78.692512,-78.692512,-78.692545,-78.692628,-78.692493,-78.692409,-78.692333,-78.692236,-78.691951,-78.69193,-78.691916,-78.691868,-78.691763,-78.69159,-78.691499,-78.691492,-78.691444,-78.691242,-78.691117,-78.691083,-78.690992,-78.690868,-78.690749,-78.690714,-78.690673,-78.690555,-78.690548,-78.690555,-78.690569,-78.691227,-78.691873,-78.692103,-78.692642,-78.693044,-78.69308,-78.693159,-78.693268,-78.693476,-78.693505,-78.693609,-78.69471,-78.696241,-78.696391,-78.698029,-78.698377,-78.698546,-78.698903,-78.699292,-78.699761,-78.699894,-78.699978,-78.700017,-78.700039,-78.700044,-78.69999,-78.699908,-78.699726,-78.699607,-78.699579,-78.699582,-78.699594,-78.699609,-78.69963,-78.699672,-78.699758,-78.700924,-78.701663,-78.702279,-78.702054,-78.702224,-78.702404,-78.703342,-78.704588,-78.704861,-78.705162,-78.705318,-78.70612,-78.706126,-78.706677,-78.706719,-78.706747,-78.70683,-78.706879,-78.707004,-78.707067,-78.707115,-78.707212,-78.707303,-78.707324,-78.707344,-78.707337,-78.707289,-78.707282,-78.707289,-78.707338,-78.707463,-78.707803,-78.707873,-78.707921,-78.707942,-78.707956,-78.707991,-78.70806,-78.708158,-78.70829,-78.708533,-78.708721,-78.708804,-78.708999,-78.70911,-78.709158,-78.709207,-78.709283,-78.709563,-78.709645,-78.709784,-78.709999,-78.710048,-78.710173,-78.710298,-78.710381,-78.710583,-78.710708,-78.71093,-78.711222,-78.711333,-78.711611,-78.711687,-78.711743,-78.711757,-78.711931,-78.712104,-78.712181,-78.712236,-78.712264,-78.712271,-78.712264,-78.712209,-78.712202,-78.712209,-78.712236,-78.712299,-78.712376,-78.71248,-78.712633,-78.712758,-78.713084,-78.71316,-78.713293,-78.713494,-78.713661,-78.713821,-78.713966,-78.714022,-78.714064,-78.714133,-78.714265,-78.714328,-78.714342,-78.714335,-78.714339,-78.714342,-78.714361,-78.714396,-78.714474,-78.714669,-78.714811,-78.714935,-78.715097,-78.715231,-78.715291,-78.715445,-78.715496,-78.715651,-78.71592,-78.71601,-78.716114,-78.716341,-78.716908,-78.717126,-78.717272,-78.717397,-78.717581,-78.717624,-78.717913,-78.718239,-78.718429,-78.718459,-78.718664,-78.718828,-78.71896,-78.71912,-78.719204,-78.719474,-78.71967,-78.71992,-78.72024,-78.720633,-78.720805,-78.720999,-78.721272,-78.721602,-78.721883,-78.722117,-78.722615,-78.722808,-78.722938,-78.723119,-78.723233,-78.723362,-78.723491,-78.72357,-78.723666,-78.72372,-78.723792,-78.723835,-78.723843,-78.723901,-78.724,-78.724063,-78.724091,-78.72412,-78.724173,-78.724243,-78.72427,-78.724439,-78.72454,-78.724667,-78.724774,-78.724836,-78.724881,-78.724907,-78.724958,-78.725033,-78.725067,-78.725095,-78.72511,-78.72514,-78.725161,-78.725194,-78.725352,-78.725417,-78.725456,-78.725471,-78.72547,-78.725451,-78.725396,-78.725377,-78.725379,-78.725401,-78.725421,-78.725546,-78.725561,-78.725579,-78.725564,-78.725564,-78.725578,-78.7256,-78.725713,-78.72574,-78.725747],"lat":[38.090141,38.090232,38.090411,38.090627,38.091354,38.091796,38.091912,38.091984,38.092053,38.092091,38.092127,38.092152,38.092182,38.092203,38.092228,38.09225,38.092287,38.092328,38.09236,38.092367,38.092407,38.092516,38.092733,38.092746,38.092783,38.09284,38.093002,38.093033,38.093215,38.093293,38.093321,38.09372,38.09382,38.093957,38.094093,38.094186,38.094269,38.094337,38.09442,38.094398,38.09433,38.094221,38.094067,38.094006,38.093941,38.093853,38.093787,38.093726,38.093573,38.093518,38.09343,38.093408,38.093364,38.09332,38.093211,38.093138,38.092952,38.09292,38.092871,38.092916,38.092788,38.092821,38.092832,38.092903,38.092964,38.09303,38.093085,38.093178,38.093185,38.093315,38.093381,38.093447,38.093535,38.093574,38.093629,38.093661,38.0937,38.093854,38.093953,38.09404,38.094057,38.094101,38.094161,38.094183,38.094266,38.094447,38.09459,38.094606,38.094628,38.09465,38.094683,38.094711,38.094738,38.094782,38.094793,38.094804,38.094826,38.094854,38.094952,38.094985,38.095018,38.095101,38.095145,38.095238,38.095332,38.095398,38.095409,38.095403,38.095332,38.095304,38.095304,38.095326,38.09537,38.095425,38.095431,38.09542,38.095398,38.095348,38.095293,38.095189,38.095085,38.095019,38.094904,38.094897,38.094876,38.094854,38.094849,38.094854,38.094904,38.094905,38.094926,38.094959,38.09497,38.095003,38.095074,38.09514,38.095167,38.095189,38.095195,38.095184,38.095096,38.094942,38.094859,38.094833,38.094827,38.094816,38.094822,38.094811,38.094822,38.094866,38.094904,38.09491,38.094899,38.094882,38.094893,38.094926,38.094998,38.095058,38.095168,38.095333,38.095398,38.095453,38.095492,38.095541,38.095569,38.095574,38.095569,38.09553,38.095459,38.095421,38.095382,38.09536,38.095388,38.095426,38.095465,38.095481,38.09552,38.095542,38.095596,38.095618,38.095651,38.095679,38.09573,38.095772,38.095833,38.095981,38.096085,38.096162,38.096223,38.096239,38.09625,38.096241,38.096168,38.096063,38.096052,38.096063,38.096077,38.096096,38.096168,38.096195,38.096234,38.096278,38.09631,38.096338,38.096372,38.096387,38.096393,38.096426,38.09647,38.096475,38.096464,38.09642,38.096409,38.096442,38.096437,38.096398,38.0963,38.096118,38.096091,38.095976,38.095893,38.095844,38.095685,38.095591,38.09556,38.095517,38.095465,38.095437,38.095394,38.095377,38.095355,38.095317,38.095278,38.095234,38.095267,38.095325,38.095427,38.095681,38.095366,38.095125,38.094991,38.094966,38.094947,38.094939,38.094951,38.094961,38.09496,38.094977,38.094999,38.095003,38.095004,38.095018,38.095033,38.09507,38.095119,38.095128,38.095173,38.09517,38.095156,38.095126,38.095083,38.095027,38.094945,38.094855,38.094672,38.094508,38.094089,38.093811,38.093652,38.093499,38.093425,38.093112,38.092629,38.092285,38.091804,38.091464,38.089557,38.089323,38.088673,38.088316,38.088034,38.087896,38.087464,38.087137,38.087036,38.08701,38.087,38.086995,38.087004,38.087027,38.087083,38.087384,38.088028,38.088251,38.088269,38.088289,38.088308,38.088324,38.088306,38.088273,38.088191,38.088187,38.088187,38.088194,38.08827,38.088469,38.088879,38.089019,38.089401,38.089585,38.089657,38.089796,38.089818,38.089825,38.089822,38.089801,38.089758,38.089701,38.089616,38.089482,38.089303,38.089254,38.089212,38.089203,38.089203,38.089218,38.089264,38.089293,38.089336,38.089372,38.089384,38.089368,38.089362,38.089372,38.089396,38.089417,38.089503,38.089643,38.089666,38.089676,38.089672,38.089668,38.089657,38.089636,38.089596,38.089495,38.089473,38.08947,38.089486,38.089544,38.08857,38.088209,38.087826,38.087472,38.086865,38.086374,38.086094,38.085776,38.085234,38.084831,38.084281,38.084193,38.084116,38.083982,38.083878,38.083658,38.083525,38.083198,38.082878,38.082631,38.082332,38.082158,38.081876,38.081777,38.081706,38.081612,38.081353,38.080885,38.080722,38.080639,38.080521,38.080462,38.080373,38.080332,38.08025,38.080049,38.079874,38.079738,38.07953,38.079419,38.079237,38.079014,38.078661,38.078628,38.078547,38.078454,38.078398,38.078342,38.078085,38.077937,38.07792,38.077882,38.077832,38.077706,38.077547,38.07746,38.077307,38.076976,38.076684,38.076597,38.076304,38.075275,38.074713,38.074511,38.07425,38.074126,38.073966,38.073802,38.073278,38.073046,38.072939,38.07282,38.072715,38.072511,38.07221,38.072109,38.071988,38.071837,38.071728,38.071621,38.070967,38.070916,38.070328,38.070137,38.069952,38.069731,38.069525,38.069361,38.069237,38.069084,38.068963,38.068846,38.068331,38.068135,38.067943,38.067632,38.06737,38.067225,38.067153,38.067076,38.066969,38.06687,38.066423,38.066212,38.066059,38.065924,38.065778,38.065364,38.065194,38.065117,38.065008,38.064932,38.06486,38.064808,38.064756,38.064733,38.06472,38.064723,38.064802,38.064812,38.064812,38.064801,38.064766,38.064721,38.06462,38.064592,38.06454,38.06443,38.064348,38.063929,38.063861,38.063783,38.063695,38.063628,38.063552,38.063488,38.063413,38.063331,38.062729,38.062393,38.062016,38.061999,38.061988,38.061986,38.061987,38.061554,38.061557,38.061663,38.061792,38.061936,38.061992,38.06195,38.061743,38.061659,38.0615,38.061376,38.061329,38.061339,38.061483,38.061637,38.061854,38.061997,38.062036,38.062232,38.062422,38.06264,38.062772,38.062854,38.062958,38.063202,38.063345,38.063644,38.063848,38.064327,38.064561,38.064943,38.065485,38.065744,38.066959,38.067295,38.067585,38.067876,38.068167,38.068208,38.068396,38.068486,38.068608,38.068659,38.068758,38.068863,38.068873,38.068847,38.068863,38.068858,38.06881,38.0688,38.068816,38.068791,38.068294,38.067788,38.066718,38.066773,38.0668,38.066811,38.0668,38.066723,38.06669,38.066619,38.066493,38.066323,38.066224,38.066136,38.066118,38.066086,38.065911,38.065746,38.065675,38.065345,38.065106,38.064873,38.064721,38.064543,38.064186,38.064088,38.063989,38.063956,38.063466,38.064049,38.063937,38.063529,38.063245,38.063212,38.06315,38.063082,38.062985,38.063001,38.063045,38.063337,38.063734,38.063772,38.064187,38.064282,38.064324,38.064414,38.064507,38.064619,38.064656,38.064693,38.064727,38.064769,38.064814,38.065006,38.065344,38.066114,38.066642,38.066779,38.066799,38.066827,38.066847,38.066865,38.066882,38.066903,38.067117,38.06726,38.067391,38.067766,38.067826,38.067874,38.068096,38.068389,38.068449,38.068501,38.068514,38.068527,38.068548,38.069386,38.069435,38.069457,38.069495,38.069506,38.069572,38.069622,38.069671,38.069803,38.069896,38.069935,38.070011,38.070061,38.07022,38.070297,38.070379,38.070528,38.070758,38.071203,38.071307,38.071434,38.071505,38.071857,38.071994,38.072148,38.07229,38.07245,38.072812,38.07302,38.073086,38.073196,38.073284,38.073312,38.073333,38.073344,38.073357,38.073361,38.073383,38.073432,38.073449,38.07352,38.073624,38.073701,38.073871,38.073965,38.074168,38.074387,38.074481,38.074668,38.074728,38.074766,38.074783,38.074925,38.075079,38.075173,38.075255,38.075315,38.075387,38.075458,38.07559,38.075667,38.075733,38.075799,38.075886,38.075958,38.076024,38.076095,38.076133,38.076199,38.076208,38.076216,38.076254,38.076293,38.076347,38.076424,38.076463,38.076496,38.07655,38.076688,38.076803,38.076929,38.077149,38.077266,38.077352,38.077529,38.077537,38.077559,38.077614,38.07767,38.077728,38.077818,38.07791,38.077961,38.078107,38.078163,38.078335,38.078597,38.078676,38.078762,38.078915,38.079245,38.079392,38.079509,38.079628,38.079842,38.079899,38.080329,38.080797,38.081084,38.081125,38.081408,38.081617,38.081757,38.08191,38.081992,38.082208,38.082326,38.082474,38.082685,38.082975,38.083114,38.08325,38.083406,38.083564,38.083664,38.083732,38.083844,38.083899,38.083945,38.084026,38.08409,38.084181,38.084293,38.08438,38.084515,38.084614,38.084782,38.084945,38.084991,38.085309,38.085946,38.086392,38.086533,38.086586,38.08664,38.08668,38.086689,38.086765,38.08681,38.086882,38.08696,38.087031,38.087109,38.087192,38.08742,38.087719,38.087828,38.087882,38.087907,38.087949,38.087973,38.088007,38.088142,38.088212,38.088276,38.088336,38.088385,38.08849,38.08862,38.088712,38.088792,38.088851,38.088885,38.089045,38.089087,38.0892,38.089357,38.089468,38.089591,38.089666,38.089961,38.090051,38.090141]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.473788,-78.473613,-78.47347,-78.472971,-78.472639,-78.472264,-78.471709,-78.471146,-78.47079,-78.470583,-78.47026,-78.469568,-78.468607,-78.468501,-78.468139,-78.468043,-78.467943,-78.467732,-78.467421,-78.467128,-78.467033,-78.466766,-78.466497,-78.466369,-78.46599,-78.465526,-78.465381,-78.464933,-78.464463,-78.464049,-78.463974,-78.463441,-78.46294,-78.462231,-78.461349,-78.461235,-78.460863,-78.460008,-78.459934,-78.45857,-78.458214,-78.457877,-78.457647,-78.4569,-78.456165,-78.455927,-78.4557,-78.455027,-78.454953,-78.454645,-78.454144,-78.454008,-78.453935,-78.453663,-78.453589,-78.452639,-78.452062,-78.45138,-78.45103,-78.45017,-78.450069,-78.449758,-78.449122,-78.448768,-78.44866,-78.448426,-78.447302,-78.446782,-78.446262,-78.445709,-78.445687,-78.445378,-78.44506,-78.445046,-78.445195,-78.445108,-78.444827,-78.444017,-78.443507,-78.443815,-78.443794,-78.443479,-78.443616,-78.443212,-78.442982,-78.443022,-78.443063,-78.443615,-78.444728,-78.445404,-78.447344,-78.44895,-78.450298,-78.451885,-78.453091,-78.453996,-78.454392,-78.455021,-78.455725,-78.456678,-78.458182,-78.459766,-78.461216,-78.461862,-78.462563,-78.463145,-78.463389,-78.463752,-78.46411,-78.46441,-78.46456,-78.464619,-78.464596,-78.464578,-78.464525,-78.464442,-78.464353,-78.464262,-78.464265,-78.464218,-78.464163,-78.464164,-78.464181,-78.464215,-78.464405,-78.465033,-78.46547,-78.466278,-78.466314,-78.466623,-78.466889,-78.466902,-78.467143,-78.467383,-78.467532,-78.467605,-78.467771,-78.46791,-78.467946,-78.468022,-78.468101,-78.468201,-78.468272,-78.468318,-78.468345,-78.46836,-78.46837,-78.468356,-78.468322,-78.468224,-78.468076,-78.468006,-78.467991,-78.467964,-78.467956,-78.467965,-78.467983,-78.468005,-78.468039,-78.468097,-78.468159,-78.468195,-78.468263,-78.46835,-78.468429,-78.468554,-78.468676,-78.468796,-78.468977,-78.469132,-78.469382,-78.469653,-78.46988,-78.470166,-78.470424,-78.470622,-78.470703,-78.471069,-78.471223,-78.471338,-78.471492,-78.471658,-78.471767,-78.471876,-78.471999,-78.472243,-78.472569,-78.47269,-78.473336,-78.47341,-78.473666,-78.473788],"lat":[38.081788,38.082014,38.082218,38.083082,38.083666,38.084319,38.085285,38.086271,38.086895,38.087258,38.087825,38.089039,38.090712,38.090897,38.091557,38.091733,38.091883,38.092218,38.092762,38.093303,38.093465,38.093924,38.09437,38.094558,38.095057,38.09564,38.095816,38.096381,38.096962,38.097474,38.097573,38.098232,38.098874,38.099765,38.100867,38.101011,38.100792,38.10045,38.100367,38.099806,38.099537,38.099379,38.099165,38.098766,38.098514,38.098335,38.098302,38.097987,38.097903,38.097823,38.097569,38.097549,38.097466,38.097426,38.097343,38.097205,38.097267,38.097568,38.097662,38.098119,38.09854,38.098858,38.099165,38.099077,38.099135,38.099137,38.098938,38.098572,38.098092,38.097582,38.097557,38.097207,38.09658,38.096251,38.095438,38.095032,38.094441,38.093525,38.092725,38.091644,38.090951,38.089344,38.088873,38.088507,38.088247,38.088188,38.08813,38.087377,38.085765,38.085307,38.083995,38.082949,38.08212,38.081109,38.080225,38.07936,38.078987,38.078396,38.077808,38.077107,38.076065,38.075053,38.074098,38.073591,38.072966,38.072404,38.072074,38.071514,38.070846,38.070164,38.069552,38.068964,38.06859,38.068283,38.067972,38.067507,38.067098,38.066771,38.066756,38.066522,38.066155,38.065949,38.065665,38.065244,38.064699,38.065237,38.065777,38.066926,38.066979,38.067436,38.06783,38.067851,38.068214,38.068586,38.068812,38.068925,38.069165,38.069376,38.069429,38.069551,38.069705,38.069927,38.070139,38.07032,38.07048,38.070628,38.070796,38.071067,38.071299,38.071759,38.072455,38.072812,38.072926,38.073224,38.073497,38.073692,38.073895,38.074057,38.074319,38.074677,38.075069,38.075248,38.075482,38.075705,38.075874,38.076091,38.076265,38.076413,38.07661,38.07676,38.076959,38.077152,38.077293,38.077446,38.077562,38.077643,38.07768,38.077849,38.077932,38.078003,38.078114,38.078255,38.078365,38.078491,38.078654,38.079041,38.07959,38.079815,38.080941,38.081081,38.081552,38.081788]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.460982,-78.460958,-78.460902,-78.460869,-78.460839,-78.460754,-78.460645,-78.460565,-78.46039,-78.460352,-78.460238,-78.460061,-78.45991,-78.459733,-78.459518,-78.458673,-78.458559,-78.458535,-78.457815,-78.457239,-78.456492,-78.456392,-78.455949,-78.455495,-78.45512,-78.455013,-78.454904,-78.454771,-78.454407,-78.454042,-78.45375,-78.453494,-78.453271,-78.453105,-78.452813,-78.452402,-78.45013,-78.448927,-78.448312,-78.448098,-78.447793,-78.447601,-78.447452,-78.446525,-78.44607,-78.444766,-78.444114,-78.441123,-78.440493,-78.4392,-78.438781,-78.437844,-78.437821,-78.437083,-78.436915,-78.43537,-78.434965,-78.434661,-78.432445,-78.432048,-78.430491,-78.431066,-78.431471,-78.431953,-78.432039,-78.432139,-78.432335,-78.432404,-78.432465,-78.432511,-78.432827,-78.432987,-78.433174,-78.433263,-78.433328,-78.433366,-78.433401,-78.433413,-78.433446,-78.433498,-78.433548,-78.433667,-78.434025,-78.434075,-78.434123,-78.434206,-78.434224,-78.434227,-78.434204,-78.434133,-78.434053,-78.434028,-78.434027,-78.434039,-78.434072,-78.43415,-78.434395,-78.434628,-78.434771,-78.434698,-78.43397,-78.43228,-78.432135,-78.431917,-78.431722,-78.431535,-78.431271,-78.431206,-78.431026,-78.430602,-78.430543,-78.43053,-78.430352,-78.430009,-78.429839,-78.429785,-78.429692,-78.429656,-78.429357,-78.429249,-78.429182,-78.429,-78.428889,-78.428714,-78.42855,-78.428366,-78.428162,-78.427945,-78.427806,-78.427545,-78.427397,-78.427182,-78.426961,-78.426601,-78.426425,-78.426204,-78.425924,-78.425669,-78.425463,-78.425137,-78.425017,-78.424945,-78.424744,-78.424735,-78.424867,-78.425033,-78.425894,-78.426102,-78.426338,-78.426602,-78.426914,-78.427601,-78.427893,-78.428163,-78.428309,-78.428601,-78.428767,-78.429239,-78.429406,-78.429538,-78.429572,-78.429586,-78.429656,-78.429757,-78.430318,-78.431041,-78.431248,-78.431519,-78.433437,-78.433881,-78.434161,-78.434268,-78.435353,-78.436517,-78.438209,-78.439139,-78.440939,-78.441493,-78.441855,-78.442002,-78.442511,-78.442918,-78.443065,-78.443364,-78.445091,-78.446665,-78.446829,-78.447145,-78.447411,-78.447733,-78.4478,-78.44798,-78.448053,-78.448302,-78.448376,-78.448402,-78.448634,-78.448759,-78.448937,-78.449409,-78.450025,-78.450375,-78.450971,-78.451095,-78.451696,-78.451761,-78.451782,-78.451841,-78.451907,-78.452049,-78.452366,-78.453001,-78.453455,-78.453633,-78.453785,-78.453977,-78.454296,-78.454649,-78.454752,-78.454668,-78.454466,-78.453773,-78.453253,-78.452829,-78.452596,-78.452464,-78.452356,-78.452238,-78.452213,-78.452262,-78.452619,-78.453115,-78.453594,-78.454123,-78.454501,-78.454892,-78.45522,-78.455644,-78.456268,-78.457452,-78.457806,-78.45796,-78.458147,-78.458311,-78.458684,-78.458775,-78.459257,-78.45949,-78.459559,-78.459712,-78.460025,-78.46016,-78.460351,-78.460601,-78.460732,-78.460878,-78.460959,-78.460982],"lat":[38.028739,38.028987,38.029203,38.029329,38.029446,38.029562,38.029711,38.029819,38.030956,38.031664,38.032273,38.032801,38.03318,38.03344,38.033669,38.034443,38.034547,38.034559,38.034935,38.035206,38.035904,38.035991,38.036419,38.036862,38.037269,38.037399,38.037358,38.03732,38.037268,38.037215,38.037161,38.037155,38.037078,38.037001,38.036886,38.036645,38.037816,38.038449,38.038787,38.03892,38.039139,38.039299,38.039435,38.039042,38.038972,38.03877,38.038677,38.036207,38.035686,38.034716,38.03441,38.033701,38.033686,38.033217,38.033111,38.031992,38.031665,38.031389,38.029649,38.029335,38.028127,38.027177,38.027086,38.026995,38.02697,38.026926,38.026805,38.026777,38.026763,38.026759,38.026757,38.026752,38.026733,38.026709,38.026679,38.02665,38.026606,38.026582,38.026588,38.026576,38.026549,38.026444,38.026096,38.026029,38.025939,38.025661,38.02555,38.025395,38.025248,38.024992,38.024765,38.024672,38.02462,38.024571,38.024511,38.024413,38.024149,38.023953,38.023837,38.02379,38.023321,38.022257,38.02216,38.021999,38.021842,38.021678,38.021423,38.021354,38.021155,38.020617,38.020541,38.020523,38.020275,38.019795,38.019539,38.019456,38.019329,38.019272,38.018862,38.018714,38.018621,38.018371,38.018208,38.017978,38.017789,38.017606,38.017428,38.01726,38.017165,38.01701,38.016931,38.016826,38.016729,38.016594,38.016537,38.016478,38.016417,38.016375,38.016351,38.016325,38.016312,38.016303,38.016272,38.015813,38.015582,38.015461,38.015319,38.015335,38.015368,38.015373,38.015363,38.015308,38.015302,38.015313,38.015302,38.015236,38.015165,38.014891,38.01483,38.014682,38.014568,38.014523,38.01388,38.013632,38.013626,38.013731,38.013652,38.013692,38.013498,38.013599,38.013603,38.013546,38.013703,38.013727,38.0135,38.013526,38.013824,38.014049,38.014102,38.014268,38.014487,38.014546,38.014713,38.014829,38.015043,38.015307,38.015404,38.01545,38.015706,38.016116,38.016312,38.016841,38.016929,38.017229,38.017318,38.017349,38.01757,38.017707,38.017902,38.017936,38.01798,38.018014,38.018073,38.018177,38.018504,38.01854,38.018602,38.018815,38.018993,38.019247,38.019716,38.020109,38.020353,38.020492,38.02061,38.020596,38.020574,38.020812,38.021054,38.021604,38.022181,38.023607,38.024603,38.025312,38.025981,38.026649,38.027102,38.027431,38.027733,38.027969,38.02841,38.028879,38.029258,38.029577,38.029687,38.029747,38.029747,38.02969,38.029505,38.028937,38.028636,38.028525,38.028295,38.028066,38.027561,38.027506,38.027384,38.027343,38.027334,38.027326,38.027368,38.027432,38.02755,38.027782,38.027962,38.028252,38.028519,38.028739]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.466207,-78.466169,-78.466115,-78.466075,-78.466025,-78.465853,-78.465769,-78.465669,-78.465603,-78.465256,-78.465054,-78.464782,-78.464542,-78.464443,-78.464301,-78.463903,-78.463571,-78.463451,-78.463365,-78.463292,-78.46312,-78.463056,-78.462978,-78.462894,-78.462818,-78.462708,-78.462638,-78.462555,-78.462482,-78.462417,-78.462366,-78.46223,-78.462183,-78.462054,-78.462005,-78.461959,-78.46193,-78.46188,-78.461849,-78.461799,-78.461733,-78.461346,-78.460838,-78.460724,-78.460629,-78.460538,-78.460128,-78.460109,-78.460071,-78.460039,-78.459875,-78.459857,-78.459646,-78.459449,-78.459288,-78.459236,-78.459203,-78.459188,-78.459188,-78.459187,-78.459183,-78.459164,-78.459155,-78.459083,-78.459052,-78.45891,-78.45884,-78.458788,-78.45877,-78.458755,-78.458757,-78.458777,-78.458841,-78.458879,-78.459014,-78.459041,-78.459349,-78.459655,-78.460256,-78.460511,-78.460715,-78.46098,-78.461301,-78.461779,-78.461284,-78.460978,-78.460735,-78.460606,-78.460509,-78.460267,-78.46017,-78.460025,-78.45988,-78.459718,-78.458641,-78.458314,-78.457927,-78.45759,-78.457254,-78.456821,-78.456496,-78.456177,-78.455824,-78.455522,-78.455419,-78.455307,-78.45386,-78.45342,-78.453245,-78.453117,-78.452972,-78.452891,-78.452763,-78.452683,-78.45197,-78.451733,-78.45121,-78.450688,-78.450433,-78.450215,-78.449964,-78.449853,-78.449741,-78.449588,-78.449501,-78.449421,-78.449302,-78.449204,-78.448984,-78.448608,-78.448344,-78.448195,-78.448078,-78.44787,-78.447771,-78.447664,-78.447596,-78.447315,-78.447219,-78.447171,-78.447131,-78.447104,-78.447097,-78.447101,-78.44712,-78.447047,-78.446817,-78.446683,-78.446598,-78.446508,-78.446422,-78.446378,-78.446329,-78.44614,-78.446089,-78.446055,-78.446035,-78.446027,-78.446033,-78.446076,-78.446097,-78.446165,-78.446237,-78.446326,-78.446527,-78.446719,-78.446886,-78.447279,-78.447396,-78.447477,-78.447546,-78.447595,-78.447642,-78.447666,-78.447677,-78.44767,-78.447648,-78.447612,-78.447564,-78.447492,-78.447367,-78.44718,-78.447037,-78.446881,-78.446762,-78.446491,-78.446227,-78.446063,-78.445814,-78.445599,-78.445377,-78.445106,-78.444861,-78.444672,-78.444527,-78.444431,-78.44431,-78.444222,-78.444109,-78.444008,-78.443939,-78.443848,-78.443801,-78.443742,-78.443698,-78.443531,-78.443426,-78.443358,-78.443274,-78.442989,-78.442585,-78.442476,-78.442352,-78.442214,-78.442033,-78.441854,-78.441698,-78.441464,-78.441195,-78.440976,-78.440719,-78.440466,-78.440277,-78.440095,-78.439977,-78.439831,-78.439606,-78.439545,-78.439413,-78.439336,-78.439241,-78.439103,-78.438984,-78.438892,-78.438789,-78.438706,-78.438438,-78.438202,-78.437565,-78.437205,-78.43683,-78.436467,-78.436214,-78.435919,-78.435809,-78.435713,-78.435666,-78.435447,-78.435333,-78.435179,-78.435086,-78.434978,-78.434697,-78.434598,-78.434492,-78.434255,-78.434085,-78.433611,-78.433482,-78.433389,-78.433331,-78.433245,-78.433187,-78.433123,-78.433065,-78.432931,-78.432912,-78.432833,-78.432811,-78.432808,-78.432816,-78.432865,-78.432984,-78.433021,-78.433039,-78.433034,-78.433011,-78.43298,-78.432938,-78.432881,-78.432814,-78.432733,-78.432678,-78.432349,-78.432289,-78.43225,-78.432215,-78.432183,-78.432146,-78.431834,-78.431677,-78.431538,-78.431315,-78.431214,-78.431157,-78.431071,-78.430968,-78.43084,-78.430803,-78.430574,-78.430468,-78.430358,-78.430277,-78.430175,-78.430076,-78.430038,-78.42981,-78.429741,-78.429651,-78.429578,-78.429408,-78.42922,-78.429045,-78.428939,-78.428843,-78.428429,-78.427586,-78.426974,-78.426839,-78.426681,-78.426599,-78.426469,-78.426349,-78.426227,-78.425971,-78.42558,-78.425205,-78.425093,-78.424722,-78.424672,-78.424317,-78.423906,-78.423759,-78.423906,-78.424316,-78.424458,-78.42469,-78.424936,-78.425223,-78.425352,-78.425434,-78.425475,-78.425657,-78.426419,-78.426568,-78.426676,-78.42688,-78.427176,-78.427664,-78.427711,-78.427759,-78.427612,-78.427074,-78.426289,-78.425932,-78.424715,-78.424596,-78.42376,-78.423514,-78.423016,-78.422761,-78.422393,-78.422308,-78.422489,-78.422304,-78.422064,-78.421962,-78.421861,-78.421912,-78.422346,-78.4234,-78.423879,-78.423982,-78.4249,-78.425718,-78.427263,-78.427277,-78.427641,-78.427887,-78.428275,-78.428348,-78.428859,-78.429464,-78.429836,-78.430468,-78.430917,-78.432173,-78.433195,-78.433416,-78.43357,-78.433695,-78.434293,-78.434673,-78.435169,-78.435287,-78.435921,-78.437902,-78.437997,-78.439371,-78.440006,-78.440922,-78.441529,-78.442392,-78.444661,-78.4458,-78.446411,-78.44692,-78.447315,-78.447677,-78.448006,-78.448773,-78.449172,-78.449702,-78.450137,-78.45032,-78.450419,-78.450496,-78.450908,-78.45106,-78.451686,-78.451975,-78.452572,-78.452656,-78.452856,-78.453172,-78.453294,-78.453769,-78.453942,-78.454093,-78.454206,-78.454296,-78.454476,-78.455347,-78.45544,-78.456598,-78.4569,-78.45751,-78.457804,-78.458603,-78.459568,-78.460009,-78.460544,-78.461138,-78.461235,-78.461416,-78.461437,-78.4617,-78.462184,-78.46232,-78.462714,-78.465074,-78.46542,-78.46574,-78.465755,-78.465749,-78.465804,-78.465829,-78.46589,-78.465959,-78.466023,-78.466092,-78.466147,-78.466181,-78.466208,-78.466207],"lat":[38.105013,38.105094,38.105168,38.105209,38.105272,38.105492,38.105591,38.10568,38.105728,38.105941,38.106073,38.106273,38.106427,38.106486,38.106553,38.106742,38.106881,38.106952,38.107024,38.107104,38.107327,38.107386,38.107435,38.10747,38.107485,38.107495,38.10751,38.107542,38.107587,38.107645,38.107711,38.107972,38.108051,38.108243,38.108306,38.108392,38.108482,38.108861,38.108979,38.109094,38.109203,38.109771,38.110482,38.110668,38.110857,38.11109,38.112025,38.112077,38.112195,38.112334,38.113431,38.113546,38.114315,38.114876,38.11534,38.115547,38.115757,38.115968,38.116081,38.116408,38.116817,38.117177,38.117353,38.117853,38.117975,38.118534,38.11875,38.118967,38.119102,38.119269,38.119426,38.119643,38.119937,38.120087,38.120491,38.120561,38.121212,38.121781,38.122807,38.123245,38.123618,38.12389,38.124182,38.124587,38.125072,38.125466,38.125872,38.126202,38.126482,38.12765,38.127638,38.127676,38.12779,38.127651,38.127603,38.127579,38.127566,38.127566,38.127606,38.127691,38.127786,38.127902,38.128086,38.12827,38.128325,38.128416,38.129607,38.129953,38.130075,38.130179,38.130319,38.130407,38.130569,38.130688,38.131842,38.132233,38.133095,38.13397,38.134397,38.134761,38.135161,38.135311,38.135444,38.135604,38.135682,38.135754,38.13585,38.135919,38.136062,38.136309,38.136482,38.136591,38.136677,38.136851,38.136944,38.137064,38.137152,38.137407,38.13742,38.137438,38.137467,38.137501,38.13755,38.137584,38.137631,38.137843,38.138157,38.138341,38.138474,38.138646,38.138856,38.138995,38.13922,38.140242,38.140496,38.140751,38.140978,38.141169,38.14132,38.14162,38.141711,38.141927,38.14209,38.142249,38.142562,38.142794,38.142975,38.143375,38.143515,38.143633,38.143753,38.143864,38.144007,38.144125,38.144277,38.144421,38.144552,38.14468,38.144806,38.144953,38.145162,38.145428,38.145601,38.145764,38.145879,38.146112,38.146303,38.146407,38.146551,38.146658,38.146753,38.146861,38.146947,38.147029,38.147104,38.14716,38.147247,38.147324,38.147441,38.14757,38.147679,38.147861,38.147974,38.148139,38.14828,38.148835,38.149126,38.149269,38.149407,38.149832,38.150425,38.150552,38.150671,38.150779,38.150899,38.150997,38.151069,38.151156,38.151233,38.151279,38.151319,38.151339,38.151339,38.151318,38.151294,38.151249,38.151181,38.151162,38.151128,38.151109,38.151099,38.151104,38.151128,38.151163,38.151222,38.15128,38.151512,38.15171,38.15226,38.152549,38.152875,38.153182,38.153373,38.153617,38.153729,38.15385,38.153938,38.154517,38.154746,38.154956,38.15505,38.155133,38.155328,38.155403,38.155503,38.155766,38.15593,38.156294,38.156418,38.156524,38.1566,38.15672,38.156833,38.157077,38.157227,38.157514,38.157574,38.157817,38.157948,38.158081,38.15816,38.158308,38.158578,38.158706,38.158837,38.15901,38.159159,38.159277,38.159369,38.159452,38.15952,38.159578,38.159607,38.159759,38.159802,38.159843,38.159901,38.15997,38.160022,38.160352,38.160544,38.160743,38.161197,38.161379,38.161456,38.161545,38.161626,38.161708,38.161728,38.161821,38.161851,38.161873,38.161878,38.161873,38.161853,38.161842,38.161746,38.161727,38.161717,38.16172,38.161753,38.161789,38.16181,38.161815,38.161811,38.161796,38.161792,38.161799,38.161807,38.161835,38.16186,38.161912,38.161978,38.162063,38.162244,38.162512,38.162763,38.16286,38.163296,38.163353,38.163207,38.162966,38.1628,38.162385,38.162045,38.161848,38.161083,38.160646,38.160458,38.16036,38.160276,38.160246,38.159989,38.159554,38.159322,38.159265,38.158977,38.157776,38.157349,38.157309,38.156916,38.15675,38.156454,38.155433,38.155163,38.154769,38.154679,38.154449,38.154305,38.154233,38.154123,38.153707,38.153476,38.152922,38.152713,38.152532,38.152456,38.152379,38.152298,38.1516,38.149936,38.149181,38.149017,38.147586,38.146293,38.143873,38.143851,38.143278,38.14289,38.142291,38.142178,38.141359,38.140424,38.139833,38.138847,38.138131,38.13616,38.134572,38.134269,38.134058,38.133887,38.13317,38.132753,38.132232,38.132123,38.13154,38.129754,38.129669,38.128436,38.127866,38.127044,38.126494,38.125724,38.123687,38.12267,38.122124,38.121631,38.1212,38.120726,38.120242,38.119065,38.118448,38.117634,38.116993,38.116697,38.116537,38.11642,38.115798,38.115568,38.11461,38.114186,38.113282,38.113144,38.112817,38.112318,38.112125,38.111409,38.111128,38.110899,38.110708,38.110569,38.110311,38.108986,38.108845,38.107068,38.106619,38.105695,38.105297,38.10429,38.103126,38.102564,38.101882,38.101133,38.101011,38.101116,38.101129,38.101203,38.101527,38.101547,38.101775,38.103143,38.103266,38.103494,38.10358,38.103948,38.104278,38.104666,38.104683,38.10471,38.104744,38.104797,38.104859,38.104914,38.104986,38.105013]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.452572,-78.451975,-78.451686,-78.45106,-78.450908,-78.450496,-78.450419,-78.45032,-78.450137,-78.449702,-78.449172,-78.448773,-78.448006,-78.447677,-78.447315,-78.44692,-78.446411,-78.4458,-78.444661,-78.442392,-78.441529,-78.440922,-78.440006,-78.439371,-78.437997,-78.437902,-78.435921,-78.435287,-78.435169,-78.434673,-78.434293,-78.433695,-78.43357,-78.433416,-78.433195,-78.432173,-78.430917,-78.430468,-78.429836,-78.429464,-78.428859,-78.428348,-78.428275,-78.427887,-78.427641,-78.427277,-78.427263,-78.425718,-78.4249,-78.423982,-78.423879,-78.4234,-78.422346,-78.421912,-78.421861,-78.421472,-78.421016,-78.420028,-78.419405,-78.419136,-78.418438,-78.41833,-78.418296,-78.418126,-78.418092,-78.417953,-78.417167,-78.417017,-78.41695,-78.416859,-78.416836,-78.416635,-78.416259,-78.41554,-78.415356,-78.415211,-78.414979,-78.414919,-78.415001,-78.415284,-78.415796,-78.416439,-78.417879,-78.418567,-78.418684,-78.418972,-78.419688,-78.419994,-78.420072,-78.420207,-78.420508,-78.421151,-78.42121,-78.421116,-78.420853,-78.42094,-78.420801,-78.420509,-78.419884,-78.419686,-78.419083,-78.417971,-78.416476,-78.415655,-78.414328,-78.413535,-78.412514,-78.41227,-78.411455,-78.411076,-78.409626,-78.407873,-78.407149,-78.406852,-78.406535,-78.406235,-78.406051,-78.406031,-78.40606,-78.406325,-78.407316,-78.407607,-78.407846,-78.407686,-78.407245,-78.406814,-78.406296,-78.405736,-78.405452,-78.404264,-78.403799,-78.403573,-78.402681,-78.402243,-78.401824,-78.401498,-78.401102,-78.400377,-78.399981,-78.399234,-78.399203,-78.399047,-78.398283,-78.39721,-78.396901,-78.396828,-78.396066,-78.395993,-78.395721,-78.395384,-78.395073,-78.39473,-78.394691,-78.394776,-78.394968,-78.395438,-78.39567,-78.395873,-78.396349,-78.397059,-78.398171,-78.398477,-78.398811,-78.399083,-78.399374,-78.400419,-78.400591,-78.400908,-78.401783,-78.402787,-78.403031,-78.403515,-78.403517,-78.403114,-78.403138,-78.402971,-78.402875,-78.402917,-78.402852,-78.403005,-78.402736,-78.402605,-78.401906,-78.401777,-78.401863,-78.402309,-78.403162,-78.405159,-78.405797,-78.406297,-78.407262,-78.408299,-78.408796,-78.409483,-78.409724,-78.410036,-78.410295,-78.410727,-78.411684,-78.412603,-78.413017,-78.413399,-78.413585,-78.414091,-78.414219,-78.415202,-78.415708,-78.416486,-78.416702,-78.417433,-78.417983,-78.418441,-78.418921,-78.419363,-78.419582,-78.42032,-78.420841,-78.421339,-78.421639,-78.421991,-78.423176,-78.424098,-78.424554,-78.425271,-78.426516,-78.426598,-78.426693,-78.427126,-78.42761,-78.427506,-78.427998,-78.428425,-78.429633,-78.429935,-78.430538,-78.430691,-78.430892,-78.431045,-78.431261,-78.431497,-78.431664,-78.431747,-78.431872,-78.432081,-78.432206,-78.432512,-78.432658,-78.432852,-78.433012,-78.433394,-78.433478,-78.433478,-78.433575,-78.433672,-78.433776,-78.433839,-78.433929,-78.433936,-78.433985,-78.434228,-78.434576,-78.434604,-78.434555,-78.434569,-78.434715,-78.434736,-78.434741,-78.43476,-78.434919,-78.43504,-78.435166,-78.435296,-78.4354,-78.435554,-78.435654,-78.436032,-78.436232,-78.436407,-78.436462,-78.437133,-78.437263,-78.437435,-78.437615,-78.437769,-78.437986,-78.438205,-78.438635,-78.438783,-78.438837,-78.439065,-78.439201,-78.439351,-78.439431,-78.439554,-78.440025,-78.440824,-78.44098,-78.441137,-78.441249,-78.441358,-78.441434,-78.441514,-78.441559,-78.4416,-78.441621,-78.441651,-78.441678,-78.441728,-78.441781,-78.441864,-78.441986,-78.442057,-78.442197,-78.44235,-78.442866,-78.442936,-78.443116,-78.443306,-78.443464,-78.443645,-78.443831,-78.443983,-78.444174,-78.444406,-78.444559,-78.446053,-78.446199,-78.446621,-78.446701,-78.446887,-78.447113,-78.447263,-78.447449,-78.447591,-78.447738,-78.44791,-78.448773,-78.448955,-78.449181,-78.449375,-78.449493,-78.449937,-78.45011,-78.450302,-78.450446,-78.450606,-78.45073,-78.45088,-78.451019,-78.451146,-78.451472,-78.45167,-78.45188,-78.452036,-78.452239,-78.452458,-78.452656,-78.452572],"lat":[38.113282,38.114186,38.11461,38.115568,38.115798,38.11642,38.116537,38.116697,38.116993,38.117634,38.118448,38.119065,38.120242,38.120726,38.1212,38.121631,38.122124,38.12267,38.123687,38.125724,38.126494,38.127044,38.127866,38.128436,38.129669,38.129754,38.13154,38.132123,38.132232,38.132753,38.13317,38.133887,38.134058,38.134269,38.134572,38.13616,38.138131,38.138847,38.139833,38.140424,38.141359,38.142178,38.142291,38.14289,38.143278,38.143851,38.143873,38.146293,38.147586,38.149017,38.149181,38.149936,38.1516,38.152298,38.152379,38.152085,38.151837,38.151657,38.151712,38.151855,38.152807,38.152864,38.153004,38.153125,38.153265,38.153402,38.154184,38.154416,38.15462,38.154899,38.154971,38.155094,38.155032,38.15471,38.154502,38.153936,38.15354,38.153204,38.152672,38.151696,38.151516,38.151573,38.151237,38.151301,38.151265,38.151178,38.150798,38.150636,38.15056,38.150431,38.150057,38.149533,38.149287,38.148511,38.147856,38.146525,38.146324,38.146172,38.146045,38.146089,38.146256,38.146785,38.147149,38.147248,38.14731,38.147485,38.147446,38.147483,38.147365,38.147383,38.147172,38.147202,38.14714,38.147206,38.14716,38.147044,38.146835,38.146724,38.146641,38.145895,38.145095,38.144665,38.14416,38.14395,38.14345,38.143098,38.142628,38.141743,38.141557,38.141239,38.141026,38.140993,38.14061,38.140292,38.140086,38.140075,38.140163,38.140058,38.140146,38.140139,38.140069,38.139937,38.139609,38.138618,38.138537,38.138453,38.138307,38.138223,38.138184,38.138026,38.137763,38.137241,38.137018,38.136667,38.136259,38.135674,38.134909,38.134648,38.134426,38.134203,38.133674,38.133573,38.133549,38.133589,38.13374,38.134654,38.134715,38.134761,38.134634,38.134743,38.134706,38.13445,38.134051,38.1328,38.132755,38.132628,38.132251,38.132075,38.131957,38.131326,38.130306,38.13007,38.129278,38.129042,38.128967,38.12857,38.127739,38.12592,38.125262,38.125003,38.124068,38.123117,38.122661,38.121877,38.12165,38.121345,38.121105,38.120689,38.1198,38.118966,38.118573,38.118219,38.118021,38.117531,38.117416,38.116537,38.11605,38.11535,38.115122,38.114433,38.113931,38.113491,38.113051,38.112648,38.112449,38.111787,38.111365,38.111009,38.110796,38.110538,38.109734,38.109138,38.108836,38.108344,38.107449,38.107391,38.107308,38.106931,38.106435,38.107025,38.107147,38.107265,38.108143,38.108362,38.10899,38.108968,38.108974,38.108935,38.108814,38.108814,38.108842,38.108831,38.108776,38.108754,38.108754,38.108732,38.108743,38.108694,38.108639,38.10848,38.108392,38.108178,38.108002,38.107766,38.107689,38.107662,38.107552,38.107415,38.107305,38.107157,38.106811,38.106668,38.106624,38.106547,38.106426,38.106349,38.10622,38.106208,38.106136,38.106098,38.106074,38.106063,38.106065,38.106083,38.106107,38.106236,38.10631,38.106388,38.106415,38.106813,38.106878,38.106949,38.107005,38.107041,38.107073,38.107091,38.107094,38.107105,38.107109,38.107145,38.107175,38.10722,38.10725,38.107305,38.107568,38.108014,38.108109,38.108224,38.108322,38.108445,38.108551,38.108688,38.108802,38.108949,38.1091,38.109364,38.109489,38.109643,38.109762,38.109907,38.110054,38.110129,38.110257,38.110375,38.110716,38.110758,38.110856,38.110943,38.111003,38.111056,38.111096,38.111118,38.111133,38.111133,38.111121,38.110921,38.110901,38.110835,38.110823,38.110805,38.110802,38.110811,38.110835,38.110863,38.110902,38.110961,38.111333,38.111394,38.111451,38.111483,38.111495,38.1115,38.11151,38.11154,38.111575,38.111629,38.111685,38.111771,38.111867,38.111974,38.11233,38.112527,38.112712,38.112829,38.112956,38.113065,38.113144,38.113282]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.499323,-78.499299,-78.499244,-78.499179,-78.499127,-78.499093,-78.498949,-78.498867,-78.498803,-78.498675,-78.498103,-78.497855,-78.497277,-78.497021,-78.496888,-78.496776,-78.496592,-78.496437,-78.496279,-78.495901,-78.495762,-78.495645,-78.495526,-78.495404,-78.495108,-78.492648,-78.491899,-78.491559,-78.491336,-78.49108,-78.490958,-78.490827,-78.490552,-78.490269,-78.490214,-78.490167,-78.490094,-78.490028,-78.489983,-78.489298,-78.489005,-78.488664,-78.488485,-78.488372,-78.488218,-78.487482,-78.487224,-78.486761,-78.485714,-78.485449,-78.485235,-78.485062,-78.484885,-78.4846,-78.484517,-78.484295,-78.485154,-78.485202,-78.485475,-78.48576,-78.486134,-78.486208,-78.486218,-78.486825,-78.486995,-78.48713,-78.487867,-78.488113,-78.48815,-78.488761,-78.489212,-78.489289,-78.489344,-78.489478,-78.489704,-78.489937,-78.490269,-78.490477,-78.490863,-78.491244,-78.491579,-78.491636,-78.491726,-78.492163,-78.492202,-78.492208,-78.492216,-78.492223,-78.492229,-78.492235,-78.49224,-78.492245,-78.492249,-78.492257,-78.492266,-78.492277,-78.49229,-78.492304,-78.492319,-78.492336,-78.492477,-78.492486,-78.492511,-78.492589,-78.492636,-78.492946,-78.494134,-78.495034,-78.495558,-78.495702,-78.495941,-78.496036,-78.496263,-78.496351,-78.49643,-78.496502,-78.496647,-78.496973,-78.497092,-78.49719,-78.497288,-78.497414,-78.497823,-78.498111,-78.498207,-78.498397,-78.498498,-78.49862,-78.498726,-78.498798,-78.498871,-78.498895,-78.499087,-78.499274,-78.499316,-78.499321,-78.499328,-78.499323],"lat":[38.072698,38.072989,38.073306,38.073558,38.073717,38.073818,38.074158,38.074324,38.074436,38.074639,38.075427,38.0754,38.075325,38.075293,38.07527,38.075241,38.075175,38.075102,38.07501,38.074764,38.074695,38.074649,38.074612,38.074585,38.074545,38.074268,38.07418,38.074141,38.074121,38.074113,38.07412,38.07413,38.07417,38.074225,38.074229,38.074227,38.074211,38.074182,38.07415,38.073408,38.073091,38.072731,38.072566,38.072474,38.072368,38.071944,38.071789,38.071523,38.070934,38.070763,38.070603,38.070465,38.070345,38.070171,38.070127,38.070023,38.069027,38.068974,38.06867,38.068363,38.067959,38.067877,38.067866,38.067194,38.067008,38.06686,38.06605,38.06578,38.065739,38.065053,38.064554,38.06447,38.064409,38.064259,38.064005,38.063742,38.06338,38.063153,38.062734,38.062293,38.061895,38.062008,38.062153,38.062865,38.062928,38.06294,38.062956,38.062972,38.062988,38.063001,38.063015,38.063028,38.063042,38.063069,38.063092,38.063115,38.063137,38.063159,38.06318,38.063201,38.063395,38.063406,38.063432,38.063559,38.063635,38.063842,38.064637,38.065337,38.065722,38.065835,38.066033,38.066148,38.066424,38.066564,38.066718,38.06686,38.06717,38.067894,38.068114,38.068275,38.068412,38.068561,38.068991,38.069279,38.069378,38.069575,38.069691,38.069852,38.070027,38.070177,38.07037,38.070449,38.071202,38.071925,38.072222,38.072347,38.072586,38.072698]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.498103,-78.497395,-78.49727,-78.496716,-78.496091,-78.495952,-78.495624,-78.495489,-78.495348,-78.49503,-78.494789,-78.494538,-78.494335,-78.494061,-78.492832,-78.492688,-78.491968,-78.49149,-78.491099,-78.49059,-78.490343,-78.489952,-78.489615,-78.489438,-78.489315,-78.488712,-78.488396,-78.487324,-78.487038,-78.486867,-78.486713,-78.48624,-78.485717,-78.485217,-78.484582,-78.483473,-78.483211,-78.482983,-78.48279,-78.482485,-78.482393,-78.4815,-78.481267,-78.480935,-78.480754,-78.480576,-78.480524,-78.480348,-78.480146,-78.479953,-78.479677,-78.479327,-78.47878,-78.478594,-78.478275,-78.477761,-78.477386,-78.475869,-78.475469,-78.475225,-78.475031,-78.474585,-78.474428,-78.474298,-78.474206,-78.474003,-78.473897,-78.473788,-78.473969,-78.474163,-78.475743,-78.476397,-78.477091,-78.478367,-78.478527,-78.478606,-78.479272,-78.479448,-78.479801,-78.479882,-78.480376,-78.480706,-78.480778,-78.480968,-78.482433,-78.483281,-78.483776,-78.484063,-78.484295,-78.484517,-78.4846,-78.484885,-78.485062,-78.485235,-78.485449,-78.485714,-78.486761,-78.487224,-78.487482,-78.488218,-78.488372,-78.488485,-78.488664,-78.489005,-78.489298,-78.489983,-78.490028,-78.490094,-78.490167,-78.490214,-78.490269,-78.490552,-78.490827,-78.490958,-78.49108,-78.491336,-78.491559,-78.491899,-78.492648,-78.495108,-78.495404,-78.495526,-78.495645,-78.495762,-78.495901,-78.496279,-78.496437,-78.496592,-78.496776,-78.496888,-78.497021,-78.497277,-78.497855,-78.498103],"lat":[38.075427,38.076398,38.076575,38.077341,38.078196,38.078381,38.078766,38.078918,38.079061,38.079372,38.079585,38.079794,38.079955,38.080171,38.081144,38.081262,38.081828,38.082174,38.082443,38.082762,38.082917,38.08315,38.083342,38.083438,38.083504,38.083819,38.083981,38.084532,38.084688,38.084782,38.084865,38.085107,38.085369,38.085625,38.085943,38.086509,38.086625,38.086709,38.086765,38.08683,38.086845,38.08697,38.086988,38.086991,38.086979,38.086952,38.086941,38.086895,38.086827,38.086746,38.086606,38.086424,38.086092,38.085964,38.085743,38.08534,38.085049,38.08385,38.083536,38.083342,38.0832,38.082875,38.082754,38.082623,38.082512,38.082206,38.082,38.081788,38.081577,38.081335,38.079571,38.078846,38.078062,38.076647,38.076469,38.076375,38.075634,38.075433,38.075034,38.074956,38.074401,38.07403,38.073943,38.073741,38.07211,38.071164,38.070614,38.070271,38.070023,38.070127,38.070171,38.070345,38.070465,38.070603,38.070763,38.070934,38.071523,38.071789,38.071944,38.072368,38.072474,38.072566,38.072731,38.073091,38.073408,38.07415,38.074182,38.074211,38.074227,38.074229,38.074225,38.07417,38.07413,38.07412,38.074113,38.074121,38.074141,38.07418,38.074268,38.074545,38.074585,38.074612,38.074649,38.074695,38.074764,38.07501,38.075102,38.075175,38.075241,38.07527,38.075293,38.075325,38.0754,38.075427]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.485154,-78.484295,-78.484063,-78.483776,-78.483281,-78.482433,-78.480968,-78.480778,-78.480706,-78.480376,-78.479882,-78.479801,-78.479448,-78.479272,-78.478606,-78.478527,-78.478367,-78.477091,-78.476397,-78.475743,-78.474163,-78.473969,-78.473788,-78.473666,-78.47341,-78.473336,-78.47269,-78.472569,-78.472243,-78.471999,-78.471876,-78.471767,-78.471658,-78.471492,-78.471338,-78.471223,-78.471069,-78.470703,-78.470622,-78.470424,-78.470166,-78.46988,-78.469653,-78.469382,-78.469132,-78.468977,-78.468796,-78.468676,-78.468554,-78.468429,-78.46835,-78.468263,-78.468195,-78.468159,-78.468097,-78.468039,-78.468005,-78.467983,-78.467965,-78.467956,-78.467964,-78.467991,-78.468006,-78.468076,-78.468224,-78.468322,-78.468356,-78.46837,-78.46836,-78.468345,-78.468318,-78.468272,-78.468201,-78.468101,-78.468022,-78.467946,-78.46791,-78.467771,-78.467605,-78.467532,-78.467383,-78.467143,-78.466902,-78.466889,-78.467521,-78.46799,-78.468013,-78.468207,-78.468248,-78.469518,-78.469532,-78.47179,-78.472602,-78.472288,-78.472017,-78.471875,-78.471736,-78.471583,-78.471398,-78.471336,-78.471176,-78.471013,-78.471407,-78.471754,-78.471987,-78.472381,-78.472985,-78.473135,-78.473665,-78.473721,-78.473983,-78.47443,-78.474583,-78.474871,-78.474858,-78.474719,-78.474636,-78.474629,-78.47456,-78.474522,-78.474941,-78.475005,-78.475159,-78.475366,-78.475599,-78.475672,-78.475734,-78.475806,-78.476088,-78.476114,-78.476172,-78.476231,-78.476453,-78.476495,-78.476721,-78.476779,-78.476891,-78.477228,-78.477378,-78.477412,-78.477473,-78.477513,-78.477548,-78.477602,-78.477661,-78.477707,-78.477777,-78.477868,-78.477903,-78.477971,-78.47806,-78.478113,-78.478169,-78.478234,-78.478296,-78.478358,-78.478415,-78.478468,-78.478523,-78.478556,-78.478605,-78.47867,-78.478747,-78.478813,-78.478884,-78.479013,-78.479154,-78.479239,-78.479318,-78.479371,-78.479438,-78.479503,-78.479598,-78.479736,-78.479903,-78.479983,-78.480059,-78.480178,-78.480259,-78.480332,-78.480361,-78.480938,-78.4811,-78.481271,-78.482389,-78.482462,-78.485128,-78.485202,-78.485154],"lat":[38.069027,38.070023,38.070271,38.070614,38.071164,38.07211,38.073741,38.073943,38.07403,38.074401,38.074956,38.075034,38.075433,38.075634,38.076375,38.076469,38.076647,38.078062,38.078846,38.079571,38.081335,38.081577,38.081788,38.081552,38.081081,38.080941,38.079815,38.07959,38.079041,38.078654,38.078491,38.078365,38.078255,38.078114,38.078003,38.077932,38.077849,38.07768,38.077643,38.077562,38.077446,38.077293,38.077152,38.076959,38.07676,38.07661,38.076413,38.076265,38.076091,38.075874,38.075705,38.075482,38.075248,38.075069,38.074677,38.074319,38.074057,38.073895,38.073692,38.073497,38.073224,38.072926,38.072812,38.072455,38.071759,38.071299,38.071067,38.070796,38.070628,38.07048,38.07032,38.070139,38.069927,38.069705,38.069551,38.069429,38.069376,38.069165,38.068925,38.068812,38.068586,38.068214,38.067851,38.06783,38.067759,38.067689,38.067734,38.068133,38.068126,38.067937,38.067934,38.067598,38.067476,38.067962,38.06834,38.068538,38.068732,38.068943,38.069202,38.069289,38.069509,38.069739,38.070146,38.070509,38.070455,38.070325,38.070127,38.069996,38.069577,38.069539,38.06936,38.069015,38.068909,38.068728,38.068675,38.068243,38.067975,38.067949,38.067718,38.067588,38.067354,38.067318,38.067232,38.067114,38.066986,38.066945,38.06691,38.066869,38.066711,38.066549,38.066176,38.066131,38.066138,38.066142,38.065833,38.065753,38.065601,38.065137,38.06493,38.064884,38.064935,38.064978,38.065003,38.065054,38.06511,38.065135,38.065154,38.065172,38.065184,38.065239,38.065319,38.065358,38.065397,38.065434,38.065463,38.065489,38.065511,38.065515,38.065506,38.065507,38.065518,38.065557,38.065613,38.065646,38.065664,38.065675,38.06568,38.065675,38.065689,38.065707,38.065733,38.06575,38.065759,38.06577,38.065763,38.065769,38.065787,38.065811,38.065821,38.065819,38.065844,38.066441,38.066549,38.066661,38.067523,38.067578,38.068935,38.068974,38.069027]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.702917,-78.702895,-78.702854,-78.702752,-78.702651,-78.702279,-78.701663,-78.700924,-78.699758,-78.699672,-78.69963,-78.699609,-78.699594,-78.699582,-78.699579,-78.699607,-78.699726,-78.699908,-78.69999,-78.700044,-78.700039,-78.700017,-78.699978,-78.699894,-78.699761,-78.699292,-78.698903,-78.698546,-78.698377,-78.698029,-78.696391,-78.696241,-78.69471,-78.693609,-78.693505,-78.693476,-78.693268,-78.693159,-78.69308,-78.693044,-78.692642,-78.692103,-78.691873,-78.691227,-78.690569,-78.690555,-78.690548,-78.690555,-78.690673,-78.690714,-78.690749,-78.690868,-78.690992,-78.691083,-78.691117,-78.691242,-78.691444,-78.691492,-78.691499,-78.69159,-78.691763,-78.691868,-78.691916,-78.69193,-78.691951,-78.692236,-78.692333,-78.692409,-78.692493,-78.692628,-78.692545,-78.692512,-78.692512,-78.688586,-78.687241,-78.685304,-78.68479,-78.684183,-78.68253,-78.680178,-78.679156,-78.678227,-78.677588,-78.677342,-78.676738,-78.676436,-78.675796,-78.675693,-78.674946,-78.674389,-78.673776,-78.673275,-78.671612,-78.671272,-78.67037,-78.669548,-78.66904,-78.667976,-78.667523,-78.666923,-78.666589,-78.665908,-78.665576,-78.665314,-78.664866,-78.663851,-78.662663,-78.661461,-78.66122,-78.660338,-78.659149,-78.658248,-78.657286,-78.656618,-78.655984,-78.65537,-78.654366,-78.65384,-78.652598,-78.651636,-78.65075,-78.649613,-78.648659,-78.649053,-78.649153,-78.649375,-78.649549,-78.649708,-78.649892,-78.650021,-78.650232,-78.650431,-78.650975,-78.653182,-78.653582,-78.653879,-78.654243,-78.654504,-78.654793,-78.656155,-78.657348,-78.657819,-78.658802,-78.659653,-78.660597,-78.661967,-78.662842,-78.663284,-78.664544,-78.664948,-78.665275,-78.665491,-78.665751,-78.666554,-78.66744,-78.668572,-78.668944,-78.669073,-78.669337,-78.669726,-78.669929,-78.6701,-78.670325,-78.67061,-78.670994,-78.671397,-78.672139,-78.673238,-78.67374,-78.674273,-78.674738,-78.675767,-78.6762,-78.676572,-78.676994,-78.678008,-78.679104,-78.679414,-78.680768,-78.681265,-78.681324,-78.682675,-78.683419,-78.683467,-78.683734,-78.683956,-78.684726,-78.685641,-78.685907,-78.686748,-78.687849,-78.688927,-78.689846,-78.691297,-78.691891,-78.693728,-78.694082,-78.694901,-78.696481,-78.697154,-78.698944,-78.699026,-78.699078,-78.699141,-78.699202,-78.699229,-78.699234,-78.699221,-78.699193,-78.699135,-78.699068,-78.699059,-78.698855,-78.69872,-78.698662,-78.698584,-78.69855,-78.698519,-78.698513,-78.698521,-78.698559,-78.698586,-78.698652,-78.698819,-78.698843,-78.69891,-78.698993,-78.699048,-78.699074,-78.69909,-78.699122,-78.699158,-78.699201,-78.699255,-78.699298,-78.699349,-78.699597,-78.699774,-78.699918,-78.700047,-78.70016,-78.700258,-78.700636,-78.700676,-78.700699,-78.700703,-78.700686,-78.700656,-78.700617,-78.70049,-78.700407,-78.700368,-78.700319,-78.700303,-78.700306,-78.700335,-78.700385,-78.700507,-78.70064,-78.700694,-78.700816,-78.7009,-78.701066,-78.701099,-78.701225,-78.701451,-78.701665,-78.701844,-78.701935,-78.702009,-78.702059,-78.702113,-78.702171,-78.702207,-78.702268,-78.702306,-78.702361,-78.702392,-78.702571,-78.702651,-78.702697,-78.702903,-78.702915,-78.702917],"lat":[38.066256,38.066366,38.066474,38.066646,38.066808,38.067391,38.06726,38.067117,38.066903,38.066882,38.066865,38.066847,38.066827,38.066799,38.066779,38.066642,38.066114,38.065344,38.065006,38.064814,38.064769,38.064727,38.064693,38.064656,38.064619,38.064507,38.064414,38.064324,38.064282,38.064187,38.063772,38.063734,38.063337,38.063045,38.063001,38.062985,38.063082,38.06315,38.063212,38.063245,38.063529,38.063937,38.064049,38.063466,38.063956,38.063989,38.064088,38.064186,38.064543,38.064721,38.064873,38.065106,38.065345,38.065675,38.065746,38.065911,38.066086,38.066118,38.066136,38.066224,38.066323,38.066493,38.066619,38.06669,38.066723,38.0668,38.066811,38.0668,38.066773,38.066718,38.067788,38.068294,38.068791,38.068816,38.0688,38.06881,38.068858,38.068863,38.068847,38.068873,38.068863,38.068758,38.068659,38.068608,38.068486,38.068396,38.068208,38.068167,38.067876,38.067585,38.067295,38.066959,38.065744,38.065485,38.064943,38.064561,38.064327,38.063848,38.063644,38.063345,38.063202,38.062958,38.062854,38.062772,38.06264,38.062422,38.062232,38.062036,38.061997,38.061854,38.061637,38.061483,38.061339,38.061329,38.061376,38.0615,38.061659,38.061743,38.06195,38.061992,38.061936,38.061792,38.061663,38.061267,38.061173,38.060978,38.060852,38.060743,38.060639,38.060577,38.060492,38.060423,38.060279,38.059767,38.059663,38.059571,38.059444,38.059343,38.059219,38.058541,38.057946,38.057712,38.057228,38.056798,38.056331,38.055646,38.055213,38.054986,38.054376,38.054168,38.054015,38.053906,38.053777,38.053379,38.052932,38.052377,38.052214,38.052163,38.052068,38.051952,38.051896,38.051855,38.051806,38.051754,38.051703,38.051666,38.051635,38.051619,38.051611,38.051605,38.051597,38.051579,38.051576,38.051565,38.051559,38.051543,38.051522,38.05152,38.051496,38.051487,38.051486,38.05146,38.051449,38.051448,38.051442,38.051437,38.051429,38.051412,38.051407,38.05139,38.051371,38.05135,38.051333,38.051313,38.0513,38.05127,38.051261,38.051245,38.051215,38.051201,38.051176,38.051505,38.051787,38.052166,38.052613,38.053075,38.053405,38.053567,38.053702,38.053852,38.05398,38.053997,38.054301,38.054499,38.054589,38.054746,38.054841,38.054987,38.055123,38.055277,38.055599,38.055742,38.056003,38.056503,38.056573,38.056785,38.056994,38.057109,38.057156,38.057183,38.057233,38.057284,38.057339,38.0574,38.057445,38.057493,38.057703,38.057847,38.057986,38.058134,38.058305,38.058483,38.05926,38.059376,38.059496,38.059592,38.05973,38.059835,38.059928,38.060186,38.060354,38.060458,38.060648,38.06079,38.060932,38.061104,38.061298,38.061652,38.061961,38.062074,38.062275,38.062396,38.062606,38.062642,38.062775,38.062987,38.063172,38.063344,38.063449,38.063553,38.063637,38.063747,38.063895,38.064031,38.064406,38.064534,38.064658,38.064709,38.064992,38.065156,38.065295,38.066079,38.066145,38.066256]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.527492,-78.527405,-78.527373,-78.52733,-78.527307,-78.527306,-78.527324,-78.527326,-78.527314,-78.527289,-78.527245,-78.527186,-78.52713,-78.526985,-78.526866,-78.526741,-78.526454,-78.526333,-78.526018,-78.525792,-78.525527,-78.525324,-78.525262,-78.525172,-78.525118,-78.525049,-78.52481,-78.524751,-78.52469,-78.524639,-78.524595,-78.52456,-78.524482,-78.524435,-78.524312,-78.524288,-78.523431,-78.522853,-78.522827,-78.522783,-78.522737,-78.522681,-78.522636,-78.522534,-78.522489,-78.522456,-78.522436,-78.522444,-78.522466,-78.522497,-78.522562,-78.522582,-78.522583,-78.522559,-78.522482,-78.522441,-78.522388,-78.52232,-78.52222,-78.52207,-78.521906,-78.521856,-78.521822,-78.521804,-78.521805,-78.521862,-78.521871,-78.521866,-78.521776,-78.521694,-78.521627,-78.521543,-78.521386,-78.521265,-78.521044,-78.520988,-78.520956,-78.520708,-78.520398,-78.520273,-78.520071,-78.520007,-78.519953,-78.519796,-78.519719,-78.519646,-78.519446,-78.519186,-78.519035,-78.518885,-78.518807,-78.518573,-78.518273,-78.518047,-78.517926,-78.517841,-78.517787,-78.517751,-78.517719,-78.517702,-78.517703,-78.517722,-78.517757,-78.517786,-78.517915,-78.51811,-78.518156,-78.518215,-78.518299,-78.518598,-78.518886,-78.518932,-78.518965,-78.518992,-78.519001,-78.518992,-78.518954,-78.518917,-78.518853,-78.518771,-78.518676,-78.518608,-78.518492,-78.518384,-78.51828,-78.517861,-78.517533,-78.517346,-78.517176,-78.517112,-78.516979,-78.516825,-78.516604,-78.516368,-78.515994,-78.515914,-78.515862,-78.515324,-78.515159,-78.515055,-78.514716,-78.514596,-78.514442,-78.514309,-78.514168,-78.514013,-78.513902,-78.513235,-78.513142,-78.512346,-78.512073,-78.511933,-78.511717,-78.511493,-78.511264,-78.51111,-78.510839,-78.510566,-78.510292,-78.509747,-78.509602,-78.509428,-78.509209,-78.508957,-78.508839,-78.508715,-78.508484,-78.508266,-78.508182,-78.507912,-78.507795,-78.50733,-78.506985,-78.506801,-78.506375,-78.505864,-78.505206,-78.504867,-78.504762,-78.504512,-78.504401,-78.504334,-78.504277,-78.504264,-78.504238,-78.504125,-78.504062,-78.504002,-78.503952,-78.503839,-78.503735,-78.50362,-78.503444,-78.50337,-78.503176,-78.503018,-78.502863,-78.502498,-78.502287,-78.50175,-78.501447,-78.501158,-78.500819,-78.500746,-78.500437,-78.500172,-78.500039,-78.499547,-78.499381,-78.499274,-78.499154,-78.499087,-78.498895,-78.498871,-78.498798,-78.498726,-78.49862,-78.498498,-78.498397,-78.498207,-78.498111,-78.497823,-78.497414,-78.497288,-78.49719,-78.497092,-78.496973,-78.496647,-78.496502,-78.49643,-78.496351,-78.496263,-78.496036,-78.495941,-78.495702,-78.495558,-78.495034,-78.495516,-78.495838,-78.495932,-78.495956,-78.497743,-78.498847,-78.500072,-78.500168,-78.501516,-78.502312,-78.502402,-78.502109,-78.501898,-78.501822,-78.500878,-78.500813,-78.500569,-78.50118,-78.501454,-78.50148,-78.501731,-78.503748,-78.503908,-78.506554,-78.507113,-78.507616,-78.507535,-78.507704,-78.508394,-78.509202,-78.509565,-78.510796,-78.511772,-78.512323,-78.512942,-78.513324,-78.515249,-78.515794,-78.516646,-78.517025,-78.517403,-78.517787,-78.518166,-78.518546,-78.518922,-78.519335,-78.519525,-78.519857,-78.520154,-78.520532,-78.520909,-78.521229,-78.521537,-78.521832,-78.522117,-78.522338,-78.52256,-78.522878,-78.523055,-78.52325,-78.523516,-78.523689,-78.523708,-78.524186,-78.524633,-78.525256,-78.526401,-78.526182,-78.526212,-78.526328,-78.527589,-78.527492],"lat":[38.051761,38.051912,38.051984,38.052157,38.052322,38.052465,38.052713,38.052844,38.05309,38.053265,38.053447,38.053632,38.053765,38.054048,38.054217,38.054377,38.054685,38.054802,38.055087,38.05527,38.055461,38.055582,38.055624,38.055702,38.05576,38.055815,38.055961,38.055976,38.055998,38.056036,38.056095,38.056205,38.056335,38.056396,38.056502,38.056491,38.056217,38.05602,38.056086,38.056154,38.056207,38.056255,38.056286,38.056375,38.056434,38.056513,38.056829,38.057055,38.057158,38.057238,38.057372,38.057452,38.057535,38.057753,38.05823,38.058334,38.058414,38.05848,38.058545,38.058622,38.058718,38.058763,38.058817,38.058876,38.058936,38.05911,38.059174,38.059254,38.059591,38.059868,38.059988,38.060102,38.060291,38.060409,38.060587,38.060652,38.060711,38.061304,38.061854,38.062141,38.062573,38.062771,38.06287,38.063069,38.063138,38.063184,38.063288,38.063386,38.063448,38.063492,38.063507,38.063532,38.063541,38.063534,38.063522,38.063505,38.063479,38.063451,38.063408,38.06335,38.06327,38.063201,38.063137,38.063102,38.062985,38.062819,38.062771,38.062732,38.062702,38.062633,38.062575,38.062551,38.062517,38.06245,38.062376,38.062303,38.062196,38.062139,38.062082,38.062041,38.062016,38.062008,38.062012,38.062026,38.062049,38.062163,38.062243,38.062299,38.062375,38.06241,38.062507,38.062637,38.062846,38.063045,38.063346,38.063389,38.063408,38.063557,38.063622,38.063676,38.063877,38.063735,38.063581,38.063464,38.063353,38.063246,38.063176,38.062731,38.062669,38.062137,38.061984,38.061918,38.061834,38.061763,38.061706,38.06168,38.061649,38.061633,38.061632,38.061646,38.061651,38.061662,38.061667,38.061652,38.061632,38.061602,38.061522,38.06143,38.061513,38.06176,38.061868,38.062278,38.062582,38.062747,38.063141,38.063631,38.064268,38.064582,38.064681,38.064924,38.065069,38.065179,38.065308,38.065347,38.065438,38.066092,38.066395,38.06658,38.066698,38.066912,38.067076,38.067231,38.067439,38.067513,38.06767,38.067798,38.067917,38.06819,38.068342,38.06874,38.068978,38.069225,38.069571,38.069651,38.069979,38.070272,38.070402,38.070881,38.07103,38.071107,38.071172,38.071202,38.070449,38.07037,38.070177,38.070027,38.069852,38.069691,38.069575,38.069378,38.069279,38.068991,38.068561,38.068412,38.068275,38.068114,38.067894,38.06717,38.06686,38.066718,38.066564,38.066424,38.066148,38.066033,38.065835,38.065722,38.065337,38.06498,38.064781,38.064729,38.064676,38.063525,38.062813,38.062004,38.06194,38.061049,38.060523,38.060463,38.060107,38.059821,38.059695,38.05844,38.058353,38.05804,38.057714,38.057566,38.057562,38.057511,38.057069,38.057038,38.056499,38.056378,38.056269,38.056417,38.056377,38.05622,38.05608,38.056029,38.055881,38.055774,38.055713,38.055638,38.055597,38.055375,38.055316,38.055217,38.055163,38.055099,38.055021,38.054929,38.054822,38.054701,38.054548,38.05447,38.054326,38.054182,38.05398,38.053756,38.053544,38.05332,38.053084,38.052832,38.052621,38.052388,38.052015,38.051782,38.051495,38.051051,38.050701,38.050656,38.049554,38.048506,38.049039,38.050115,38.050196,38.050218,38.05036,38.051634,38.051761]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.528641,-78.528575,-78.528489,-78.52843,-78.528372,-78.527877,-78.527781,-78.527246,-78.527152,-78.527039,-78.526966,-78.526919,-78.526882,-78.526876,-78.526872,-78.526778,-78.526752,-78.52672,-78.526648,-78.52656,-78.526408,-78.526292,-78.526122,-78.52604,-78.526004,-78.525929,-78.52501,-78.524894,-78.524725,-78.524646,-78.524009,-78.523908,-78.523842,-78.523547,-78.523347,-78.523317,-78.522864,-78.522449,-78.521978,-78.521921,-78.521742,-78.521568,-78.521262,-78.52001,-78.519339,-78.518566,-78.517843,-78.515928,-78.515701,-78.51537,-78.515073,-78.514783,-78.514613,-78.513997,-78.514107,-78.514476,-78.514605,-78.514855,-78.51495,-78.515071,-78.516072,-78.517074,-78.517256,-78.517369,-78.517267,-78.517028,-78.516578,-78.516272,-78.516385,-78.51647,-78.516653,-78.516865,-78.516892,-78.516833,-78.516331,-78.516099,-78.515562,-78.515527,-78.514578,-78.514545,-78.514564,-78.51378,-78.51333,-78.511954,-78.509942,-78.508409,-78.508096,-78.50794,-78.507867,-78.507843,-78.50784,-78.507658,-78.507573,-78.507519,-78.5075,-78.507128,-78.507123,-78.506887,-78.506833,-78.506766,-78.506325,-78.506256,-78.505383,-78.505324,-78.505718,-78.505634,-78.50537,-78.505312,-78.50525,-78.505211,-78.505176,-78.505157,-78.505111,-78.505068,-78.505022,-78.504979,-78.504911,-78.504831,-78.504778,-78.504591,-78.50451,-78.504391,-78.504334,-78.504297,-78.504258,-78.504224,-78.503713,-78.503678,-78.503603,-78.502037,-78.502018,-78.502104,-78.501874,-78.501709,-78.501489,-78.501425,-78.501375,-78.501326,-78.501248,-78.501255,-78.501296,-78.501535,-78.501655,-78.501703,-78.501825,-78.501839,-78.501892,-78.502045,-78.502132,-78.502239,-78.50246,-78.502864,-78.50311,-78.5032,-78.503366,-78.503416,-78.503456,-78.502402,-78.502212,-78.501664,-78.501584,-78.501517,-78.50148,-78.500954,-78.500917,-78.500564,-78.500517,-78.500247,-78.500228,-78.500188,-78.500112,-78.500029,-78.49975,-78.499721,-78.499627,-78.499489,-78.498893,-78.498533,-78.498409,-78.498298,-78.498231,-78.498096,-78.497791,-78.498296,-78.498405,-78.498669,-78.498922,-78.498945,-78.499142,-78.499854,-78.499928,-78.500246,-78.501068,-78.501608,-78.501638,-78.501705,-78.501774,-78.501837,-78.501997,-78.502599,-78.502743,-78.502815,-78.502834,-78.503317,-78.503626,-78.503645,-78.503771,-78.503892,-78.504218,-78.504535,-78.504579,-78.504753,-78.505683,-78.506247,-78.506532,-78.506737,-78.507112,-78.507162,-78.507332,-78.507456,-78.507655,-78.507752,-78.507793,-78.507964,-78.508099,-78.508165,-78.508208,-78.508287,-78.508415,-78.508507,-78.508614,-78.508709,-78.508804,-78.508978,-78.509213,-78.509377,-78.509389,-78.509518,-78.509565,-78.509613,-78.509829,-78.510094,-78.510151,-78.510317,-78.510355,-78.510527,-78.510594,-78.510616,-78.510757,-78.510963,-78.51101,-78.511908,-78.512132,-78.512376,-78.512409,-78.512884,-78.512897,-78.513039,-78.513109,-78.513454,-78.513466,-78.51382,-78.513947,-78.514211,-78.514311,-78.514463,-78.51461,-78.514667,-78.514818,-78.514973,-78.515168,-78.515396,-78.515615,-78.516078,-78.516153,-78.516278,-78.516501,-78.516533,-78.516731,-78.517106,-78.517536,-78.517561,-78.517812,-78.517853,-78.51802,-78.518167,-78.518294,-78.518305,-78.518358,-78.518388,-78.518294,-78.51826,-78.519824,-78.520179,-78.520104,-78.520022,-78.519908,-78.519832,-78.519777,-78.519955,-78.519988,-78.520035,-78.520236,-78.52026,-78.52026,-78.520254,-78.520243,-78.520235,-78.520226,-78.520048,-78.520251,-78.520767,-78.521816,-78.521987,-78.522435,-78.522935,-78.523035,-78.523133,-78.523646,-78.52386,-78.524672,-78.52665,-78.526719,-78.527131,-78.527763,-78.52785,-78.528409,-78.52851,-78.528742,-78.528641],"lat":[38.027053,38.027267,38.027578,38.027837,38.028162,38.030684,38.031172,38.033948,38.034508,38.035349,38.03605,38.036685,38.037405,38.037626,38.037777,38.041484,38.042029,38.042406,38.042944,38.043434,38.044098,38.044495,38.045004,38.045214,38.045265,38.045491,38.047642,38.047908,38.048299,38.048232,38.047712,38.04764,38.047593,38.047396,38.047276,38.047258,38.047023,38.046829,38.046623,38.046602,38.046534,38.046483,38.046393,38.046059,38.045884,38.045679,38.045486,38.044971,38.044907,38.044797,38.044685,38.044564,38.044487,38.044161,38.044139,38.044034,38.04398,38.043951,38.04391,38.043857,38.043486,38.041703,38.041377,38.041186,38.041092,38.040886,38.040575,38.040381,38.040286,38.040215,38.040061,38.039897,38.039879,38.039738,38.038531,38.038008,38.036732,38.036644,38.036756,38.036765,38.036815,38.037063,38.037137,38.036794,38.036292,38.035909,38.035831,38.036248,38.036461,38.036531,38.03654,38.037047,38.037282,38.037433,38.037485,38.038525,38.038538,38.03919,38.039338,38.039522,38.039611,38.039625,38.041104,38.041202,38.041379,38.041538,38.042033,38.042143,38.042125,38.042128,38.042143,38.042163,38.042331,38.042438,38.042525,38.042581,38.042644,38.042696,38.042722,38.042791,38.04283,38.042887,38.042893,38.042885,38.042865,38.042836,38.042331,38.042295,38.042217,38.041226,38.041214,38.04106,38.040898,38.040763,38.040562,38.040512,38.040485,38.04046,38.040409,38.040398,38.040332,38.039983,38.039798,38.039724,38.039526,38.039503,38.039419,38.03915,38.038998,38.038802,38.038404,38.037731,38.037322,38.037173,38.036898,38.036814,38.036746,38.036393,38.03633,38.036136,38.036092,38.036037,38.035996,38.035338,38.035292,38.034848,38.034789,38.034451,38.034433,38.034396,38.034324,38.034264,38.034105,38.034088,38.034038,38.033963,38.033642,38.033448,38.033398,38.033369,38.033353,38.03332,38.033255,38.033089,38.033056,38.032976,38.032907,38.032901,38.032847,38.03264,38.032618,38.032526,38.032305,38.032171,38.032166,38.032155,38.032138,38.032133,38.032116,38.03208,38.032075,38.032073,38.032073,38.032066,38.032058,38.032057,38.032053,38.032044,38.032029,38.032024,38.032023,38.032025,38.032051,38.032071,38.032085,38.032095,38.032108,38.032106,38.032089,38.032066,38.032021,38.032003,38.031997,38.031972,38.031968,38.031971,38.031977,38.031987,38.032017,38.032052,38.032107,38.032175,38.032266,38.032243,38.0322,38.032176,38.032175,38.032167,38.032164,38.032161,38.03197,38.031713,38.031657,38.031493,38.031455,38.03127,38.031201,38.031178,38.03104,38.030869,38.030835,38.030198,38.030051,38.029911,38.029893,38.029639,38.029632,38.029548,38.029506,38.029277,38.029269,38.029033,38.028954,38.028806,38.02876,38.028701,38.028657,38.02864,38.028609,38.028589,38.028576,38.028582,38.028601,38.028661,38.028667,38.028664,38.028634,38.028631,38.028609,38.028588,38.028579,38.028579,38.028581,38.028581,38.028575,38.028566,38.028558,38.029046,38.029326,38.029483,38.02974,38.029827,38.02979,38.029781,38.029532,38.029264,38.028894,38.028644,38.028454,38.028459,38.02841,38.02834,38.028305,38.028301,38.02828,38.028066,38.027719,38.027639,38.027565,38.026045,38.026065,38.02611,38.02619,38.026203,38.026239,38.026317,38.026329,38.02634,38.026408,38.026429,38.026499,38.026687,38.026693,38.026732,38.026779,38.026784,38.026796,38.026794,38.026785,38.027053]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.461138,-78.460544,-78.460009,-78.459568,-78.458603,-78.457804,-78.45751,-78.4569,-78.456598,-78.45544,-78.455347,-78.454476,-78.454296,-78.454206,-78.454093,-78.453942,-78.453769,-78.453294,-78.453172,-78.452856,-78.452656,-78.452458,-78.452239,-78.452036,-78.45188,-78.45167,-78.451472,-78.451146,-78.451019,-78.45088,-78.45073,-78.450606,-78.450446,-78.450302,-78.45011,-78.449937,-78.449493,-78.449375,-78.449181,-78.448955,-78.448773,-78.44791,-78.447738,-78.447591,-78.447449,-78.447263,-78.447113,-78.446887,-78.446701,-78.446621,-78.446199,-78.446053,-78.444559,-78.444406,-78.444174,-78.443983,-78.443831,-78.443645,-78.443464,-78.443306,-78.443116,-78.442936,-78.442866,-78.44235,-78.442197,-78.442057,-78.441986,-78.441864,-78.441781,-78.441728,-78.441678,-78.441651,-78.441621,-78.4416,-78.441559,-78.441514,-78.441434,-78.441358,-78.441249,-78.441137,-78.44098,-78.440824,-78.440025,-78.439554,-78.439431,-78.439351,-78.439201,-78.439065,-78.438837,-78.438783,-78.438635,-78.438205,-78.437986,-78.437769,-78.437615,-78.437435,-78.437263,-78.437133,-78.436462,-78.436407,-78.436232,-78.436032,-78.435654,-78.435554,-78.4354,-78.435296,-78.435166,-78.43504,-78.434919,-78.43476,-78.434741,-78.434736,-78.434715,-78.434569,-78.434555,-78.434604,-78.434576,-78.434228,-78.433985,-78.433936,-78.433929,-78.433839,-78.433776,-78.433672,-78.433575,-78.433478,-78.433478,-78.433394,-78.433012,-78.432852,-78.432658,-78.432512,-78.432206,-78.432081,-78.431872,-78.431747,-78.431664,-78.431497,-78.431261,-78.431045,-78.430892,-78.430691,-78.430538,-78.429935,-78.429633,-78.428425,-78.427998,-78.427506,-78.42761,-78.427126,-78.426693,-78.426598,-78.426516,-78.425271,-78.424554,-78.424489,-78.42448,-78.424501,-78.424499,-78.424479,-78.42436,-78.424294,-78.424084,-78.423986,-78.423872,-78.423716,-78.423547,-78.423413,-78.423305,-78.423198,-78.423123,-78.423044,-78.423031,-78.423035,-78.423055,-78.423159,-78.423319,-78.423352,-78.423358,-78.423349,-78.423316,-78.423297,-78.423207,-78.423142,-78.423071,-78.423519,-78.423612,-78.423759,-78.423918,-78.424255,-78.42456,-78.424819,-78.425054,-78.425127,-78.425269,-78.425603,-78.425836,-78.426269,-78.427327,-78.427991,-78.428124,-78.428294,-78.428439,-78.428568,-78.428684,-78.428762,-78.428805,-78.428841,-78.428849,-78.428846,-78.428856,-78.428883,-78.428926,-78.428968,-78.429052,-78.429137,-78.429214,-78.429388,-78.429564,-78.429786,-78.429969,-78.430099,-78.430278,-78.43048,-78.430598,-78.430719,-78.430866,-78.431049,-78.431174,-78.431945,-78.432467,-78.43286,-78.433067,-78.433325,-78.433787,-78.433846,-78.433928,-78.433986,-78.434027,-78.434079,-78.434104,-78.43432,-78.43525,-78.436195,-78.437695,-78.438868,-78.439816,-78.440179,-78.440619,-78.441418,-78.442028,-78.442512,-78.4429,-78.442941,-78.442982,-78.443212,-78.443616,-78.443479,-78.443794,-78.443815,-78.443507,-78.444017,-78.444827,-78.445108,-78.445195,-78.445046,-78.44506,-78.445378,-78.445687,-78.445709,-78.446262,-78.446782,-78.447302,-78.448426,-78.44866,-78.448768,-78.449122,-78.449758,-78.450069,-78.45017,-78.45103,-78.45138,-78.452062,-78.452639,-78.453589,-78.453663,-78.453935,-78.454008,-78.454144,-78.454645,-78.454953,-78.455027,-78.4557,-78.455927,-78.456165,-78.4569,-78.457647,-78.457877,-78.458214,-78.45857,-78.459934,-78.460008,-78.460863,-78.461235,-78.461138],"lat":[38.101133,38.101882,38.102564,38.103126,38.10429,38.105297,38.105695,38.106619,38.107068,38.108845,38.108986,38.110311,38.110569,38.110708,38.110899,38.111128,38.111409,38.112125,38.112318,38.112817,38.113144,38.113065,38.112956,38.112829,38.112712,38.112527,38.11233,38.111974,38.111867,38.111771,38.111685,38.111629,38.111575,38.11154,38.11151,38.1115,38.111495,38.111483,38.111451,38.111394,38.111333,38.110961,38.110902,38.110863,38.110835,38.110811,38.110802,38.110805,38.110823,38.110835,38.110901,38.110921,38.111121,38.111133,38.111133,38.111118,38.111096,38.111056,38.111003,38.110943,38.110856,38.110758,38.110716,38.110375,38.110257,38.110129,38.110054,38.109907,38.109762,38.109643,38.109489,38.109364,38.1091,38.108949,38.108802,38.108688,38.108551,38.108445,38.108322,38.108224,38.108109,38.108014,38.107568,38.107305,38.10725,38.10722,38.107175,38.107145,38.107109,38.107105,38.107094,38.107091,38.107073,38.107041,38.107005,38.106949,38.106878,38.106813,38.106415,38.106388,38.10631,38.106236,38.106107,38.106083,38.106065,38.106063,38.106074,38.106098,38.106136,38.106208,38.10622,38.106349,38.106426,38.106547,38.106624,38.106668,38.106811,38.107157,38.107305,38.107415,38.107552,38.107662,38.107689,38.107766,38.108002,38.108178,38.108392,38.10848,38.108639,38.108694,38.108743,38.108732,38.108754,38.108754,38.108776,38.108831,38.108842,38.108814,38.108814,38.108935,38.108974,38.108968,38.10899,38.108362,38.108143,38.107265,38.107147,38.107025,38.106435,38.106931,38.107308,38.107391,38.107449,38.108344,38.108836,38.108651,38.108578,38.108383,38.108296,38.10821,38.107943,38.107816,38.107463,38.107278,38.107096,38.106888,38.106694,38.106531,38.106372,38.106183,38.106021,38.105803,38.105729,38.105663,38.105598,38.105448,38.105179,38.10509,38.105019,38.10493,38.104833,38.104795,38.104666,38.104594,38.104531,38.103986,38.103866,38.103667,38.103423,38.102821,38.102242,38.101731,38.101306,38.101189,38.100987,38.100571,38.10032,38.099954,38.099099,38.098581,38.09846,38.09828,38.098076,38.097866,38.097637,38.097449,38.097293,38.097096,38.096773,38.096554,38.096397,38.096269,38.096143,38.096064,38.095953,38.095873,38.095815,38.095707,38.095618,38.095528,38.09547,38.095441,38.095416,38.095405,38.095414,38.095431,38.095464,38.095525,38.095578,38.095989,38.096281,38.096486,38.09656,38.09663,38.096705,38.096711,38.096707,38.096719,38.096738,38.096782,38.096798,38.096609,38.095904,38.095217,38.094108,38.093229,38.092467,38.092088,38.091693,38.090734,38.089766,38.088988,38.088355,38.088296,38.088247,38.088507,38.088873,38.089344,38.090951,38.091644,38.092725,38.093525,38.094441,38.095032,38.095438,38.096251,38.09658,38.097207,38.097557,38.097582,38.098092,38.098572,38.098938,38.099137,38.099135,38.099077,38.099165,38.098858,38.09854,38.098119,38.097662,38.097568,38.097267,38.097205,38.097343,38.097426,38.097466,38.097549,38.097569,38.097823,38.097903,38.097987,38.098302,38.098335,38.098514,38.098766,38.099165,38.099379,38.099537,38.099806,38.100367,38.10045,38.100792,38.101011,38.101133]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.472576,-78.472328,-78.471629,-78.471544,-78.471392,-78.471408,-78.471435,-78.471739,-78.471909,-78.472213,-78.470025,-78.468975,-78.468167,-78.467479,-78.464439,-78.464447,-78.464405,-78.464215,-78.464181,-78.464164,-78.464163,-78.464218,-78.464265,-78.464262,-78.464353,-78.464442,-78.464525,-78.464578,-78.464596,-78.464619,-78.46456,-78.46441,-78.46411,-78.463752,-78.463389,-78.463145,-78.462563,-78.461862,-78.461216,-78.459766,-78.458182,-78.456678,-78.455725,-78.455021,-78.454392,-78.453996,-78.453091,-78.451885,-78.450298,-78.44895,-78.447344,-78.445404,-78.444728,-78.443615,-78.443063,-78.443022,-78.442982,-78.442771,-78.44257,-78.44245,-78.44199,-78.441836,-78.441901,-78.44215,-78.442418,-78.442868,-78.443727,-78.444601,-78.444804,-78.444846,-78.444962,-78.445154,-78.445798,-78.446312,-78.446798,-78.447037,-78.446972,-78.44683,-78.446561,-78.446303,-78.445947,-78.444909,-78.444798,-78.444662,-78.444142,-78.44314,-78.442739,-78.442102,-78.441992,-78.441729,-78.440772,-78.440501,-78.439964,-78.43987,-78.43976,-78.439468,-78.439558,-78.439508,-78.439648,-78.440128,-78.442023,-78.44276,-78.443071,-78.443085,-78.442816,-78.442767,-78.442696,-78.44269,-78.442879,-78.443317,-78.44444,-78.446285,-78.447738,-78.448504,-78.449772,-78.449877,-78.45036,-78.450385,-78.450678,-78.451366,-78.451495,-78.45162,-78.451738,-78.451571,-78.451161,-78.450945,-78.450762,-78.450123,-78.449526,-78.449415,-78.449214,-78.449228,-78.449326,-78.449898,-78.451013,-78.452804,-78.454387,-78.454807,-78.454627,-78.454308,-78.45446,-78.454896,-78.455271,-78.455386,-78.455538,-78.455703,-78.455842,-78.456018,-78.456154,-78.45631,-78.456416,-78.456579,-78.45688,-78.457112,-78.458893,-78.458939,-78.458837,-78.458581,-78.458282,-78.45809,-78.457544,-78.457475,-78.457422,-78.457379,-78.457348,-78.4573,-78.457261,-78.45726,-78.457281,-78.457296,-78.460223,-78.46069,-78.462943,-78.46403,-78.464033,-78.464052,-78.464055,-78.464069,-78.464097,-78.464147,-78.464378,-78.464438,-78.464527,-78.46454,-78.464617,-78.464721,-78.464796,-78.464855,-78.464873,-78.465025,-78.465024,-78.465062,-78.465338,-78.465348,-78.465507,-78.465806,-78.465829,-78.466022,-78.466102,-78.46613,-78.466147,-78.466261,-78.466484,-78.466695,-78.466925,-78.467129,-78.4674,-78.467702,-78.467769,-78.468407,-78.46947,-78.470018,-78.470012,-78.469933,-78.470085,-78.470332,-78.470695,-78.470712,-78.47072,-78.471488,-78.471767,-78.472258,-78.472532,-78.472645,-78.472576],"lat":[38.049533,38.050048,38.050433,38.050473,38.050797,38.050991,38.051054,38.051767,38.052044,38.052543,38.055004,38.056432,38.057819,38.059071,38.06455,38.064615,38.064699,38.065244,38.065665,38.065949,38.066155,38.066522,38.066756,38.066771,38.067098,38.067507,38.067972,38.068283,38.06859,38.068964,38.069552,38.070164,38.070846,38.071514,38.072074,38.072404,38.072966,38.073591,38.074098,38.075053,38.076065,38.077107,38.077808,38.078396,38.078987,38.07936,38.080225,38.081109,38.08212,38.082949,38.083995,38.085307,38.085765,38.087377,38.08813,38.088188,38.088247,38.088007,38.087869,38.087724,38.087168,38.086638,38.086175,38.085921,38.085778,38.085662,38.085205,38.084497,38.084236,38.08406,38.083968,38.082979,38.082056,38.080896,38.08024,38.07944,38.078741,38.078357,38.077919,38.077627,38.077358,38.076808,38.076683,38.076664,38.076298,38.07579,38.075514,38.07524,38.075115,38.07504,38.074539,38.0745,38.074082,38.074009,38.073884,38.073152,38.072584,38.072304,38.072016,38.071577,38.07057,38.07018,38.069862,38.06961,38.069171,38.068902,38.068501,38.068137,38.067547,38.067283,38.066902,38.066043,38.065455,38.064804,38.063426,38.063337,38.062931,38.062825,38.062596,38.06206,38.061715,38.061588,38.061097,38.060819,38.060578,38.060527,38.060484,38.060028,38.059397,38.059236,38.058929,38.058919,38.058851,38.058451,38.057695,38.056479,38.055405,38.055108,38.054926,38.054603,38.054505,38.054217,38.054604,38.054723,38.054893,38.055066,38.05519,38.055318,38.055395,38.055464,38.055502,38.05555,38.055613,38.055089,38.051107,38.051005,38.050964,38.05086,38.050746,38.050656,38.050424,38.050403,38.050375,38.050336,38.05028,38.049898,38.049681,38.049579,38.049445,38.049412,38.049449,38.049455,38.049521,38.049554,38.049538,38.049474,38.049464,38.049389,38.049289,38.049168,38.04875,38.048659,38.048551,38.04854,38.048473,38.048404,38.048367,38.048342,38.048334,38.048312,38.048265,38.048214,38.047152,38.047119,38.046863,38.046308,38.046266,38.045909,38.04575,38.0457,38.045707,38.045746,38.045823,38.045897,38.045974,38.046046,38.046139,38.046245,38.046269,38.046595,38.046644,38.046759,38.046989,38.047038,38.047427,38.048,38.048683,38.048716,38.04873,38.048757,38.048764,38.04878,38.048945,38.049209,38.049533]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#CCAF2E","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#4DB48A","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#F99306","#41AAAA","#41AAAA"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 7.4%<br>Number of families: 63<br>Census Tract: 113.03<br>Area Name: Avon Street Ext.-Mill Creek","Percent of families: 16.5%<br>Number of families: 204<br>Census Tract: 112.01<br>Area Name: Yancey Mills, Batesville","Percent of families: 9.1%<br>Number of families: 94<br>Census Tract: 112.02<br>Area Name: North Garden","Percent of families: 3.7%<br>Number of families: 33<br>Census Tract: 102.02<br>Area Name: Earlysville","Percent of families: 3.8%<br>Number of families: 55<br>Census Tract: 102.01<br>Area Name: Charlottesville-Albemarle Airport","Percent of families: 10.2%<br>Number of families: 130<br>Census Tract: 104.01<br>Area Name: Stony Point-Keswick","Percent of families: 10.8%<br>Number of families: 118<br>Census Tract: 104.02<br>Area Name: Village of Rivanna","Percent of families: 4.7%<br>Number of families: 81<br>Census Tract: 113.01<br>Area Name: Monticello, Carters Mountain","Percent of families: 20.2%<br>Number of families: 162<br>Census Tract: 113.02<br>Area Name: Oak Hill, Southwood","Percent of families: 3%<br>Number of families: 43<br>Census Tract: 101<br>Area Name: Free Union","Percent of families: 6.9%<br>Number of families: 124<br>Census Tract: 110<br>Area Name: Ivy","Percent of families: 12.9%<br>Number of families: 171<br>Census Tract: 114<br>Area Name: Southern Albemarle-Scottsville","Percent of families: 11%<br>Number of families: 23<br>Census Tract: 109.01<br>Area Name: Old Ivy-Darden School (UVA)","Percent of families: 3.5%<br>Number of families: 28<br>Census Tract: 105.01<br>Area Name: Darden-Key West","Percent of families: 4.2%<br>Number of families: 40<br>Census Tract: 111.03<br>Area Name: Old Trail","Percent of families: 15.7%<br>Number of families: 98<br>Census Tract: 108.02<br>Area Name: Albemarle High School","Percent of families: 10.8%<br>Number of families: 61<br>Census Tract: 111.01<br>Area Name: Crozet-Beaver Creek","Percent of families: 25.7%<br>Number of families: 316<br>Census Tract: 106.04<br>Area Name: Woodbrook-Carrsbrook","Percent of families: 17.1%<br>Number of families: 146<br>Census Tract: 105.02<br>Area Name: Pantops","Percent of families: 18.6%<br>Number of families: 94<br>Census Tract: 103.01<br>Area Name: Berkmar Drive","Percent of families: 0.9%<br>Number of families: 13<br>Census Tract: 103.03<br>Area Name: Hollymead","Percent of families: 19.2%<br>Number of families: 101<br>Census Tract: 107.01<br>Area Name: Hydraulic","Percent of families: 6.1%<br>Number of families: 33<br>Census Tract: 107.02<br>Area Name: Commonwealth-Townwood-Berkmar","Percent of families: 18.8%<br>Number of families: 52<br>Census Tract: 106.03<br>Area Name: Branchland","Percent of families: 11%<br>Number of families: 85<br>Census Tract: 111.02<br>Area Name: Western Ridge-Westhall","Percent of families: 7%<br>Number of families: 44<br>Census Tract: 108.01<br>Area Name: Barracks-Hessian Hills","Percent of families: 30.4%<br>Number of families: 77<br>Census Tract: 109.04<br>Area Name: Carr's Hill-McCormick Road (UVA)","Percent of families: 9.4%<br>Number of families: 33<br>Census Tract: 103.02<br>Area Name: Polo Grounds Road","Percent of families: 8.8%<br>Number of families: 92<br>Census Tract: 106.02<br>Area Name: Dunlora-Stone Henge"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.722642,38.277933],"lng":[-78.838874,-78.209384]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Buckingham County

#### Buckingham County

There are 4,037 families living in Buckingham County. This is the fewest
number of families in a locality in the region. Of these, 1,136 (28.1%)
do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the costs
associated with working. This is the highest percent of families
struggling in localities across the region.

Buckingham County at a glance:

- Buckingham is the least expensive locality in the region for families
  given the cost of housing and childcare, but it has the largest
  percentage of families earning less than they need to afford basic
  needs.

- In Buckingham, the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 a
  year (39%) is 17% higher than the percent of white families making
  under \$35,000 (22%).

- Buckingham, relative to the other localities, has the lowest percent
  of families making over \$100k/year—a higher share of Buckingham’s
  families are concentrated in the lower pay ranges.

- The concentration of low-paid families is less obvious in Buckingham
  relative to the other localities. Because so many families are paid
  under \$35,000 a year in Buckingham, the share of low-paid families is
  over 20% across all tracts.

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Buckingham County

<br/> As this table shows, 77% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Buckingham, Black
families are over-represented at the low end of the pay ranges (under
\$35,000) and deeply under-represented at the high end of the pay ranges
(over \$100,000). In other words, relative to white families, Black
families are more likely to be paid insufficient wages and less likely
to be high-earning.

Relative to the other localities, in Buckingham County, a higher share
of families overall fall into the low-earning pay ranges.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Buckingham County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-16-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income (the first map) or the percent of families
within the tract who make less than \$35,000 a year (the second map). In
Buckingham County, the median family income is low, relative to the
other counties, across all tracts.

To see which neighborhoods in Buckingham County have the highest and
lowest median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median
income and neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Buckingham County

<div id="htmlwidget-0431e299da54cf662a53" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-0431e299da54cf662a53">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.489234,-78.489221,-78.489211,-78.489175,-78.48916,-78.489108,-78.48904,-78.488975,-78.488866,-78.488763,-78.488618,-78.488449,-78.488229,-78.488141,-78.488009,-78.487969,-78.487926,-78.4878,-78.487675,-78.487201,-78.486828,-78.486612,-78.486568,-78.486395,-78.486351,-78.486264,-78.48613,-78.485635,-78.485091,-78.485001,-78.484957,-78.484879,-78.484818,-78.484791,-78.484728,-78.484728,-78.484737,-78.484761,-78.484817,-78.484839,-78.484853,-78.48486,-78.484885,-78.484892,-78.484907,-78.484931,-78.484979,-78.48499,-78.485029,-78.485043,-78.485099,-78.485216,-78.485288,-78.485319,-78.485704,-78.485923,-78.486025,-78.486183,-78.486241,-78.486393,-78.486461,-78.486501,-78.486529,-78.486585,-78.486647,-78.486679,-78.486687,-78.486666,-78.486636,-78.48662,-78.486553,-78.486525,-78.486451,-78.486327,-78.486238,-78.48606,-78.48567,-78.485502,-78.485087,-78.484965,-78.484927,-78.484826,-78.484745,-78.484616,-78.484492,-78.484169,-78.483863,-78.483644,-78.483579,-78.48354,-78.48341,-78.483371,-78.483268,-78.483246,-78.483178,-78.483154,-78.483023,-78.482966,-78.482933,-78.482598,-78.482421,-78.482182,-78.482147,-78.482108,-78.482017,-78.481973,-78.48193,-78.481849,-78.481805,-78.481686,-78.481348,-78.480977,-78.480896,-78.480859,-78.480817,-78.480739,-78.480415,-78.480246,-78.479899,-78.479458,-78.479053,-78.478964,-78.478919,-78.478784,-78.478384,-78.478294,-78.478205,-78.477847,-78.477757,-78.477712,-78.477578,-78.477398,-78.477226,-78.477146,-78.477028,-78.476529,-78.476362,-78.476234,-78.47592,-78.475784,-78.475292,-78.475203,-78.475025,-78.47495,-78.474818,-78.474596,-78.474507,-78.474283,-78.473968,-78.473792,-78.473752,-78.473624,-78.473517,-78.473352,-78.473165,-78.472872,-78.472747,-78.472547,-78.472355,-78.472282,-78.472249,-78.472097,-78.471898,-78.471532,-78.470708,-78.470583,-78.470371,-78.470108,-78.469927,-78.469746,-78.469383,-78.468751,-78.46866,-78.46857,-78.468439,-78.468397,-78.468254,-78.468217,-78.468038,-78.46801,-78.467967,-78.467867,-78.467825,-78.467786,-78.467552,-78.467281,-78.467163,-78.467064,-78.467027,-78.466889,-78.466801,-78.466711,-78.46653,-78.466351,-78.466308,-78.466185,-78.465984,-78.46583,-78.465717,-78.465504,-78.465401,-78.465337,-78.465254,-78.465234,-78.465183,-78.465122,-78.46505,-78.465014,-78.465008,-78.464984,-78.464972,-78.46496,-78.464933,-78.464948,-78.464992,-78.465026,-78.465031,-78.465021,-78.465004,-78.464948,-78.464889,-78.464695,-78.464515,-78.464379,-78.464291,-78.464084,-78.464029,-78.463718,-78.463423,-78.463247,-78.463174,-78.463107,-78.462904,-78.46262,-78.462416,-78.462176,-78.462074,-78.461989,-78.461927,-78.461751,-78.461565,-78.461484,-78.461331,-78.46109,-78.461004,-78.460782,-78.46042,-78.458856,-78.45868,-78.458237,-78.457975,-78.457933,-78.457846,-78.457762,-78.457378,-78.45658,-78.456548,-78.454976,-78.454931,-78.454539,-78.453763,-78.453508,-78.453422,-78.453381,-78.453295,-78.453085,-78.453042,-78.452961,-78.452918,-78.452716,-78.452052,-78.45172,-78.451507,-78.451176,-78.45097,-78.450611,-78.450185,-78.450153,-78.450082,-78.44988,-78.4497,-78.449622,-78.449532,-78.449439,-78.449421,-78.449384,-78.449364,-78.449331,-78.44931,-78.449302,-78.449292,-78.44926,-78.44925,-78.44925,-78.449263,-78.449309,-78.449375,-78.449414,-78.449517,-78.449528,-78.44966,-78.449786,-78.449994,-78.450104,-78.450155,-78.450243,-78.450493,-78.450603,-78.450717,-78.450837,-78.451084,-78.451391,-78.451481,-78.451615,-78.451748,-78.451836,-78.452507,-78.452777,-78.453003,-78.45368,-78.453816,-78.45395,-78.454034,-78.454071,-78.454122,-78.454135,-78.454155,-78.454163,-78.454139,-78.454134,-78.45411,-78.454105,-78.454079,-78.454072,-78.454016,-78.453923,-78.453834,-78.453732,-78.453661,-78.453568,-78.453435,-78.453371,-78.453238,-78.452564,-78.452424,-78.452064,-78.452004,-78.451954,-78.451932,-78.451892,-78.451877,-78.451883,-78.451912,-78.451932,-78.452039,-78.452135,-78.45295,-78.454363,-78.454507,-78.454552,-78.454603,-78.454645,-78.454674,-78.454702,-78.454706,-78.454692,-78.454659,-78.454551,-78.454529,-78.454446,-78.454415,-78.454305,-78.45417,-78.454086,-78.454046,-78.453756,-78.453674,-78.453461,-78.453329,-78.45324,-78.453104,-78.453015,-78.452928,-78.452809,-78.452771,-78.452644,-78.452507,-78.452434,-78.452392,-78.452367,-78.45197,-78.45168,-78.451437,-78.451103,-78.450923,-78.450664,-78.450343,-78.450198,-78.449975,-78.449935,-78.449895,-78.449859,-78.449778,-78.449741,-78.449618,-78.44941,-78.449192,-78.448441,-78.44809,-78.447883,-78.447867,-78.44642,-78.446195,-78.446015,-78.445836,-78.445705,-78.445581,-78.445386,-78.445304,-78.445107,-78.444965,-78.444915,-78.444877,-78.444849,-78.444776,-78.444731,-78.444594,-78.444526,-78.444347,-78.444154,-78.44401,-78.443816,-78.443682,-78.443612,-78.443429,-78.443351,-78.443133,-78.442542,-78.442258,-78.442167,-78.442068,-78.441979,-78.441862,-78.441828,-78.441459,-78.441277,-78.441241,-78.440915,-78.440775,-78.440648,-78.440519,-78.440328,-78.440255,-78.440217,-78.440183,-78.439641,-78.439428,-78.43936,-78.439174,-78.439089,-78.439037,-78.438866,-78.438813,-78.438749,-78.438723,-78.438627,-78.438523,-78.438373,-78.438291,-78.438252,-78.43804,-78.437904,-78.437814,-78.43768,-78.437504,-78.437378,-78.437009,-78.436856,-78.43663,-78.436275,-78.436079,-78.43599,-78.435802,-78.435716,-78.435627,-78.435536,-78.435466,-78.435437,-78.435377,-78.435292,-78.434972,-78.434823,-78.43475,-78.434718,-78.434601,-78.434293,-78.434245,-78.434006,-78.433639,-78.433591,-78.433454,-78.433332,-78.433279,-78.433117,-78.433047,-78.432936,-78.432657,-78.432405,-78.432325,-78.431991,-78.431649,-78.431473,-78.43143,-78.4312,-78.431112,-78.431022,-78.430888,-78.430799,-78.430754,-78.43053,-78.430357,-78.430157,-78.429923,-78.429818,-78.429727,-78.429647,-78.429561,-78.42927,-78.429204,-78.429132,-78.429073,-78.429049,-78.42896,-78.428926,-78.42887,-78.428449,-78.428369,-78.428275,-78.428219,-78.428173,-78.428145,-78.428141,-78.428171,-78.428232,-78.428282,-78.428405,-78.428452,-78.428508,-78.428575,-78.428771,-78.428861,-78.429019,-78.429048,-78.429265,-78.429642,-78.429837,-78.431115,-78.431266,-78.432353,-78.433058,-78.433261,-78.433511,-78.433568,-78.433601,-78.433658,-78.433811,-78.43391,-78.434335,-78.434374,-78.434728,-78.435141,-78.435388,-78.435642,-78.435912,-78.436027,-78.436109,-78.436233,-78.436307,-78.43634,-78.436364,-78.436381,-78.436411,-78.436426,-78.436431,-78.436428,-78.436409,-78.436375,-78.436303,-78.436241,-78.436167,-78.436086,-78.435992,-78.435924,-78.435665,-78.435547,-78.435204,-78.434938,-78.434771,-78.434565,-78.434396,-78.433859,-78.433774,-78.433734,-78.433467,-78.433377,-78.433242,-78.433015,-78.432384,-78.43139,-78.430804,-78.43053,-78.430217,-78.429729,-78.429642,-78.429553,-78.42951,-78.429289,-78.428841,-78.428614,-78.428434,-78.428301,-78.42817,-78.428127,-78.42791,-78.427782,-78.427611,-78.427317,-78.42703,-78.426912,-78.42671,-78.4256,-78.425196,-78.425087,-78.424926,-78.424619,-78.424332,-78.424168,-78.424131,-78.424064,-78.423848,-78.423692,-78.423606,-78.423517,-78.423245,-78.422791,-78.4227,-78.422609,-78.422564,-78.4222,-78.422155,-78.421928,-78.421748,-78.421598,-78.421523,-78.421427,-78.421359,-78.421343,-78.421324,-78.421332,-78.421338,-78.421381,-78.421446,-78.421504,-78.421539,-78.421654,-78.421697,-78.421776,-78.422023,-78.4221,-78.422207,-78.422324,-78.422459,-78.422836,-78.422977,-78.423056,-78.423082,-78.423118,-78.423122,-78.423116,-78.423091,-78.423059,-78.423007,-78.422901,-78.422821,-78.422611,-78.422512,-78.422407,-78.422065,-78.421671,-78.421152,-78.420955,-78.420276,-78.420057,-78.420001,-78.419857,-78.419826,-78.419754,-78.419693,-78.419644,-78.419613,-78.419615,-78.419628,-78.419673,-78.41975,-78.41978,-78.41992,-78.420166,-78.420293,-78.421126,-78.421384,-78.421549,-78.421587,-78.42171,-78.421786,-78.421866,-78.422172,-78.422399,-78.422696,-78.423133,-78.423286,-78.423459,-78.423592,-78.423637,-78.423726,-78.424221,-78.424904,-78.425542,-78.425907,-78.426087,-78.426307,-78.426392,-78.426471,-78.42656,-78.426608,-78.426627,-78.42668,-78.426868,-78.426901,-78.426903,-78.426916,-78.426921,-78.426915,-78.426908,-78.426875,-78.426747,-78.426711,-78.426611,-78.426582,-78.426585,-78.426596,-78.426594,-78.42665,-78.426872,-78.426921,-78.427008,-78.427453,-78.427499,-78.428133,-78.428041,-78.427903,-78.427708,-78.427449,-78.427318,-78.427233,-78.427163,-78.427118,-78.427084,-78.42706,-78.427048,-78.427053,-78.427076,-78.427116,-78.42716,-78.4274,-78.427485,-78.427542,-78.427612,-78.427804,-78.427966,-78.428042,-78.428223,-78.428388,-78.42851,-78.428547,-78.428573,-78.428584,-78.428579,-78.428591,-78.428604,-78.428612,-78.428461,-78.42777,-78.427403,-78.426885,-78.42656,-78.426464,-78.426401,-78.426035,-78.425683,-78.425517,-78.42533,-78.425234,-78.425033,-78.424536,-78.42446,-78.42437,-78.424108,-78.423942,-78.423769,-78.423589,-78.422602,-78.42238,-78.422021,-78.421897,-78.421358,-78.421192,-78.421075,-78.420943,-78.420805,-78.420702,-78.420563,-78.420404,-78.420245,-78.42017,-78.420052,-78.419997,-78.419935,-78.4199,-78.419907,-78.420031,-78.42001,-78.419879,-78.419817,-78.419789,-78.419762,-78.419796,-78.420126,-78.420171,-78.42026,-78.420436,-78.420554,-78.420591,-78.420653,-78.420727,-78.420813,-78.420846,-78.4209,-78.420977,-78.421023,-78.421033,-78.421027,-78.421007,-78.420975,-78.420938,-78.420914,-78.420854,-78.420684,-78.420448,-78.420283,-78.420073,-78.419986,-78.419945,-78.41977,-78.419729,-78.419685,-78.41964,-78.419251,-78.418696,-78.418389,-78.418174,-78.417998,-78.417828,-78.417718,-78.41766,-78.417592,-78.417334,-78.417268,-78.417193,-78.416972,-78.416792,-78.416736,-78.416543,-78.416473,-78.416343,-78.41602,-78.415907,-78.415789,-78.415747,-78.415661,-78.415536,-78.415455,-78.415379,-78.415344,-78.415263,-78.415174,-78.415122,-78.415064,-78.415041,-78.415034,-78.415039,-78.415085,-78.415164,-78.415286,-78.415419,-78.415745,-78.415877,-78.415936,-78.416256,-78.416335,-78.416367,-78.416392,-78.416409,-78.416432,-78.416431,-78.416394,-78.41634,-78.416308,-78.416283,-78.41618,-78.415966,-78.415849,-78.415813,-78.415701,-78.415591,-78.415547,-78.415466,-78.415439,-78.415417,-78.415414,-78.415428,-78.415503,-78.415552,-78.415592,-78.415792,-78.415885,-78.415987,-78.416097,-78.416215,-78.4163,-78.416433,-78.416523,-78.416746,-78.416879,-78.416968,-78.417058,-78.417146,-78.417191,-78.417454,-78.417541,-78.417628,-78.417672,-78.417893,-78.41816,-78.418339,-78.419039,-78.419386,-78.420065,-78.420282,-78.420365,-78.420443,-78.420501,-78.420566,-78.420652,-78.420687,-78.420705,-78.420728,-78.420723,-78.420726,-78.420712,-78.42066,-78.420584,-78.420485,-78.420364,-78.420291,-78.420232,-78.420132,-78.420027,-78.419915,-78.419798,-78.419707,-78.419553,-78.419299,-78.418906,-78.418818,-78.418687,-78.418643,-78.417891,-78.417757,-78.417262,-78.417218,-78.417128,-78.417084,-78.416771,-78.416638,-78.416332,-78.415562,-78.415059,-78.414878,-78.414562,-78.414384,-78.414254,-78.414083,-78.413711,-78.413631,-78.413546,-78.413415,-78.413326,-78.413261,-78.413191,-78.41301,-78.412833,-78.412604,-78.412334,-78.4121,-78.411923,-78.41173,-78.411524,-78.411434,-78.411382,-78.411212,-78.411181,-78.411127,-78.410862,-78.410582,-78.410437,-78.410346,-78.410076,-78.409791,-78.409604,-78.409374,-78.409294,-78.409218,-78.408904,-78.408862,-78.408788,-78.408664,-78.408435,-78.408254,-78.407979,-78.407709,-78.407523,-78.406877,-78.406709,-78.406598,-78.406003,-78.405756,-78.405461,-78.405289,-78.404863,-78.404776,-78.403925,-78.403841,-78.403798,-78.403589,-78.403301,-78.402787,-78.402559,-78.402278,-78.402031,-78.401938,-78.401762,-78.40122,-78.401072,-78.400968,-78.400937,-78.400828,-78.400673,-78.400537,-78.400475,-78.400445,-78.400421,-78.400372,-78.400247,-78.400004,-78.399893,-78.399787,-78.399715,-78.399697,-78.399686,-78.399661,-78.399642,-78.399558,-78.399418,-78.39926,-78.399135,-78.39896,-78.398827,-78.398782,-78.398602,-78.398377,-78.398112,-78.397591,-78.397425,-78.397338,-78.396922,-78.396711,-78.396539,-78.396407,-78.396227,-78.396001,-78.39555,-78.395505,-78.39546,-78.394735,-78.394465,-78.394332,-78.394071,-78.393769,-78.393398,-78.392928,-78.392465,-78.391478,-78.391166,-78.39115,-78.39076,-78.390588,-78.389993,-78.389847,-78.389779,-78.389623,-78.389496,-78.389322,-78.389188,-78.388871,-78.38869,-78.388283,-78.388061,-78.388021,-78.387852,-78.387818,-78.387735,-78.3877,-78.387658,-78.38762,-78.387443,-78.387066,-78.386859,-78.386457,-78.386288,-78.385787,-78.385205,-78.384989,-78.384736,-78.384211,-78.383976,-78.383691,-78.383364,-78.383191,-78.383047,-78.383015,-78.382888,-78.382018,-78.381331,-78.381009,-78.380373,-78.380338,-78.379958,-78.379885,-78.379654,-78.379582,-78.379541,-78.379505,-78.379449,-78.379403,-78.379315,-78.37923,-78.379186,-78.379066,-78.378779,-78.378738,-78.378666,-78.378635,-78.37861,-78.378541,-78.37845,-78.378359,-78.378269,-78.378181,-78.378138,-78.378058,-78.377994,-78.377943,-78.377891,-78.377857,-78.377843,-78.377813,-78.377738,-78.377722,-78.377703,-78.377693,-78.377632,-78.377607,-78.377585,-78.377549,-78.377475,-78.377382,-78.377241,-78.377093,-78.37695,-78.376765,-78.376725,-78.376431,-78.376103,-78.375597,-78.375351,-78.375257,-78.375162,-78.374905,-78.374864,-78.374713,-78.374616,-78.374368,-78.37431,-78.374179,-78.374068,-78.373941,-78.373691,-78.373473,-78.373414,-78.373279,-78.373209,-78.373096,-78.373017,-78.372654,-78.372187,-78.372146,-78.371972,-78.371837,-78.371611,-78.371292,-78.371109,-78.371019,-78.37093,-78.370677,-78.370416,-78.370282,-78.370237,-78.369874,-78.369789,-78.369702,-78.369545,-78.369501,-78.369377,-78.36926,-78.369166,-78.369139,-78.369008,-78.368972,-78.368958,-78.36894,-78.368889,-78.368864,-78.368847,-78.368837,-78.368819,-78.368788,-78.368769,-78.368716,-78.368653,-78.368438,-78.368202,-78.368048,-78.36788,-78.367836,-78.367624,-78.367124,-78.366999,-78.366792,-78.366703,-78.36652,-78.366296,-78.366205,-78.366068,-78.365933,-78.365799,-78.365625,-78.36558,-78.365534,-78.36549,-78.36545,-78.365354,-78.365208,-78.365129,-78.365025,-78.364951,-78.36478,-78.364548,-78.364299,-78.364261,-78.364156,-78.364125,-78.363953,-78.363691,-78.363577,-78.363543,-78.363461,-78.363418,-78.363329,-78.363238,-78.363192,-78.363043,-78.362877,-78.362803,-78.36274,-78.362669,-78.362662,-78.362589,-78.362538,-78.36246,-78.362307,-78.362184,-78.362119,-78.362084,-78.362019,-78.361874,-78.361807,-78.361588,-78.361518,-78.361477,-78.361408,-78.361256,-78.361114,-78.361037,-78.361004,-78.360964,-78.360892,-78.360702,-78.360668,-78.360513,-78.360482,-78.360442,-78.360335,-78.360241,-78.360082,-78.359977,-78.359883,-78.359762,-78.359749,-78.359702,-78.359699,-78.359702,-78.359728,-78.359803,-78.359875,-78.359966,-78.360032,-78.360089,-78.360125,-78.360205,-78.360251,-78.360302,-78.360343,-78.360365,-78.360383,-78.360386,-78.360374,-78.360349,-78.360288,-78.360284,-78.360265,-78.360236,-78.360253,-78.360238,-78.360246,-78.360244,-78.360235,-78.360243,-78.360243,-78.36025,-78.360247,-78.360261,-78.360284,-78.360368,-78.360408,-78.360424,-78.360465,-78.360489,-78.360548,-78.360583,-78.360592,-78.360584,-78.360548,-78.360493,-78.360426,-78.360375,-78.360149,-78.360024,-78.359967,-78.3599,-78.359788,-78.359672,-78.359484,-78.359283,-78.359036,-78.358847,-78.358692,-78.358608,-78.358473,-78.358291,-78.358112,-78.357982,-78.357857,-78.357696,-78.357502,-78.35717,-78.357103,-78.35684,-78.356768,-78.356616,-78.356511,-78.356387,-78.356255,-78.356175,-78.356015,-78.355911,-78.355687,-78.355496,-78.355418,-78.355175,-78.355131,-78.35505,-78.354708,-78.35453,-78.354173,-78.35413,-78.354011,-78.353958,-78.353878,-78.353847,-78.353822,-78.353766,-78.353739,-78.353666,-78.353329,-78.353209,-78.352836,-78.352274,-78.352192,-78.351951,-78.351913,-78.351747,-78.351709,-78.351542,-78.351281,-78.351105,-78.351063,-78.350704,-78.350437,-78.349734,-78.349477,-78.349394,-78.349093,-78.348926,-78.348626,-78.348544,-78.348324,-78.348234,-78.348099,-78.348011,-78.347879,-78.347612,-78.347525,-78.347351,-78.347265,-78.347137,-78.34705,-78.346743,-78.346613,-78.346189,-78.345881,-78.345616,-78.344846,-78.344693,-78.344603,-78.344514,-78.344472,-78.344429,-78.344387,-78.344301,-78.34426,-78.344217,-78.344133,-78.34409,-78.344049,-78.344007,-78.34392,-78.343877,-78.343836,-78.34371,-78.343627,-78.343585,-78.3435,-78.343243,-78.34286,-78.342774,-78.342601,-78.342558,-78.342428,-78.342254,-78.34199,-78.341903,-78.341861,-78.34173,-78.341688,-78.341646,-78.341521,-78.34148,-78.341437,-78.341138,-78.341051,-78.341008,-78.340921,-78.340834,-78.340791,-78.340705,-78.340642,-78.340576,-78.340359,-78.340316,-78.340143,-78.340055,-78.340011,-78.339746,-78.33948,-78.339214,-78.33917,-78.338196,-78.337842,-78.3378,-78.337564,-78.337515,-78.337469,-78.337388,-78.337301,-78.336785,-78.336477,-78.33594,-78.335346,-78.335067,-78.334896,-78.334399,-78.333772,-78.333285,-78.33289,-78.33253,-78.331807,-78.331401,-78.33113,-78.331086,-78.330996,-78.330499,-78.330318,-78.330182,-78.329552,-78.329109,-78.328535,-78.328106,-78.327902,-78.327748,-78.327606,-78.32749,-78.327423,-78.327371,-78.327333,-78.32731,-78.327303,-78.327366,-78.327373,-78.327362,-78.327345,-78.32722,-78.327106,-78.326929,-78.326744,-78.326725,-78.326586,-78.326411,-78.326154,-78.325877,-78.325738,-78.325627,-78.32543,-78.325324,-78.325277,-78.324226,-78.323425,-78.32219,-78.322123,-78.32211,-78.322096,-78.322082,-78.321608,-78.321525,-78.321099,-78.321074,-78.321061,-78.320925,-78.319225,-78.317825,-78.316825,-78.315925,-78.315025,-78.314125,-78.312925,-78.312025,-78.310925,-78.310025,-78.308424,-78.307063,-78.306623,-78.306523,-78.306045,-78.305567,-78.305223,-78.304747,-78.30461,-78.304474,-78.304177,-78.30388,-78.303823,-78.302604,-78.302422,-78.302393,-78.301697,-78.301623,-78.300899,-78.300828,-78.300757,-78.300524,-78.299424,-78.298424,-78.297857,-78.297124,-78.296224,-78.293924,-78.293624,-78.293024,-78.291624,-78.290277,-78.29016,-78.290043,-78.289124,-78.287424,-78.285624,-78.284124,-78.282924,-78.28288,-78.281424,-78.279924,-78.278224,-78.276223,-78.274523,-78.272623,-78.272146,-78.271623,-78.271233,-78.269305,-78.267037,-78.265493,-78.26162,-78.261569,-78.257794,-78.257724,-78.257675,-78.25763,-78.257553,-78.257509,-78.257497,-78.257477,-78.257434,-78.257123,-78.256123,-78.2558,-78.255672,-78.255538,-78.255297,-78.254423,-78.253121,-78.253105,-78.253075,-78.252978,-78.252823,-78.252454,-78.251623,-78.250423,-78.249723,-78.248823,-78.248207,-78.247221,-78.246199,-78.245715,-78.245703,-78.245411,-78.245045,-78.244914,-78.24449,-78.24444,-78.244298,-78.243856,-78.242862,-78.242267,-78.241929,-78.24148,-78.241327,-78.240996,-78.24091,-78.240415,-78.240162,-78.23992,-78.239722,-78.239722,-78.239748,-78.240494,-78.240887,-78.241463,-78.241466,-78.241738,-78.241815,-78.241817,-78.241821,-78.241823,-78.241838,-78.242142,-78.243009,-78.243014,-78.244126,-78.244188,-78.244192,-78.244347,-78.244453,-78.244466,-78.244469,-78.244473,-78.244667,-78.244705,-78.244724,-78.244985,-78.24499,-78.244997,-78.245008,-78.245012,-78.245894,-78.245898,-78.246484,-78.24716,-78.247546,-78.248003,-78.248119,-78.248661,-78.248739,-78.249021,-78.249721,-78.250026,-78.252497,-78.25449,-78.254524,-78.254611,-78.254635,-78.255288,-78.256471,-78.258234,-78.258253,-78.259635,-78.260679,-78.263773,-78.263921,-78.267363,-78.268666,-78.26955,-78.271171,-78.27135,-78.27332,-78.275192,-78.275193,-78.27799,-78.278027,-78.278044,-78.278144,-78.278282,-78.278296,-78.278373,-78.278414,-78.278429,-78.278444,-78.278458,-78.278583,-78.278601,-78.279299,-78.279423,-78.281737,-78.287139,-78.290786,-78.29492,-78.296229,-78.29625,-78.296387,-78.296402,-78.296442,-78.296632,-78.297084,-78.297143,-78.297319,-78.297341,-78.298793,-78.299219,-78.302315,-78.302543,-78.302781,-78.303056,-78.303634,-78.303814,-78.304271,-78.304697,-78.305104,-78.30545,-78.305875,-78.306396,-78.306787,-78.307179,-78.307977,-78.308437,-78.309841,-78.309938,-78.310179,-78.310418,-78.31082,-78.310961,-78.311263,-78.311649,-78.311825,-78.31204,-78.312282,-78.312683,-78.313071,-78.313658,-78.314118,-78.314567,-78.315312,-78.316974,-78.317221,-78.318874,-78.318965,-78.319266,-78.319607,-78.319948,-78.320324,-78.320422,-78.32074,-78.321014,-78.32135,-78.321635,-78.321866,-78.322164,-78.322474,-78.322785,-78.323034,-78.323344,-78.323651,-78.323956,-78.325012,-78.325289,-78.32576,-78.326067,-78.326365,-78.32661,-78.326857,-78.32722,-78.327515,-78.327865,-78.328965,-78.32905,-78.329788,-78.330161,-78.330664,-78.330914,-78.331157,-78.331394,-78.332641,-78.333165,-78.333493,-78.33375,-78.334412,-78.334689,-78.335144,-78.335591,-78.336027,-78.336699,-78.337015,-78.337304,-78.338543,-78.338797,-78.339124,-78.339463,-78.339625,-78.339972,-78.34014,-78.340263,-78.340317,-78.341228,-78.341383,-78.341575,-78.34283,-78.343259,-78.343695,-78.344494,-78.344572,-78.344673,-78.344795,-78.344893,-78.34617,-78.347042,-78.347114,-78.347155,-78.34726,-78.347371,-78.347443,-78.347539,-78.347625,-78.348523,-78.349748,-78.350346,-78.350739,-78.351138,-78.351259,-78.351413,-78.351545,-78.351678,-78.35181,-78.353276,-78.353511,-78.353903,-78.354302,-78.354558,-78.354785,-78.355764,-78.357063,-78.35795,-78.359093,-78.359666,-78.360241,-78.361098,-78.362915,-78.362983,-78.363097,-78.363208,-78.363314,-78.363412,-78.365024,-78.365225,-78.365432,-78.365644,-78.367039,-78.367322,-78.36747,-78.367616,-78.36771,-78.367798,-78.367897,-78.367984,-78.368043,-78.368316,-78.368443,-78.36856,-78.368666,-78.368712,-78.368825,-78.368978,-78.369727,-78.369897,-78.370079,-78.370298,-78.370441,-78.370588,-78.370739,-78.370972,-78.37117,-78.371704,-78.37189,-78.37207,-78.372214,-78.372244,-78.372512,-78.372992,-78.373518,-78.373663,-78.374021,-78.374446,-78.374764,-78.375079,-78.375981,-78.376318,-78.377295,-78.37736,-78.377492,-78.377653,-78.377936,-78.379145,-78.38014,-78.380403,-78.380618,-78.38089,-78.381165,-78.381443,-78.381694,-78.381999,-78.382448,-78.382948,-78.383088,-78.383437,-78.383893,-78.384166,-78.384434,-78.384697,-78.385487,-78.386322,-78.387415,-78.387872,-78.388438,-78.38966,-78.390799,-78.391726,-78.3931,-78.393626,-78.395286,-78.397747,-78.397856,-78.399088,-78.401307,-78.402348,-78.402593,-78.402828,-78.403274,-78.403373,-78.403564,-78.40465,-78.405473,-78.405909,-78.406255,-78.406532,-78.406831,-78.407157,-78.407415,-78.407797,-78.408515,-78.408732,-78.408997,-78.409163,-78.409455,-78.409587,-78.409699,-78.409722,-78.409736,-78.409761,-78.409818,-78.4099,-78.409983,-78.410083,-78.410225,-78.410315,-78.41044,-78.410608,-78.410809,-78.410978,-78.411154,-78.411318,-78.41138,-78.411607,-78.412206,-78.412794,-78.412978,-78.413086,-78.413153,-78.413317,-78.413606,-78.414229,-78.41444,-78.414979,-78.41516,-78.415397,-78.416178,-78.416311,-78.416409,-78.416569,-78.416707,-78.41683,-78.416914,-78.416989,-78.417067,-78.417129,-78.417149,-78.417232,-78.417309,-78.417334,-78.417384,-78.417441,-78.417451,-78.417528,-78.417599,-78.417847,-78.417985,-78.418107,-78.418275,-78.418454,-78.418926,-78.419293,-78.419872,-78.41993,-78.42,-78.420173,-78.420326,-78.420499,-78.420658,-78.420802,-78.421023,-78.421305,-78.42152,-78.42169,-78.421874,-78.422031,-78.422199,-78.422417,-78.42269,-78.423133,-78.423492,-78.423805,-78.424191,-78.424693,-78.42487,-78.425084,-78.425289,-78.425579,-78.425906,-78.426018,-78.42632,-78.426698,-78.427038,-78.427465,-78.427967,-78.428124,-78.428528,-78.42881,-78.429028,-78.429347,-78.429451,-78.430034,-78.430401,-78.430751,-78.430861,-78.430893,-78.431021,-78.431136,-78.431218,-78.431365,-78.43154,-78.431705,-78.432001,-78.432289,-78.432609,-78.433016,-78.433368,-78.43379,-78.434032,-78.43427,-78.434381,-78.434636,-78.434882,-78.435016,-78.435138,-78.435246,-78.4354,-78.435669,-78.435876,-78.436047,-78.436235,-78.436416,-78.436736,-78.436857,-78.437006,-78.437099,-78.437206,-78.437535,-78.437701,-78.437837,-78.438086,-78.43833,-78.438531,-78.439205,-78.440043,-78.440339,-78.440862,-78.441185,-78.441631,-78.441931,-78.442191,-78.442401,-78.442655,-78.44295,-78.443117,-78.443353,-78.443815,-78.444261,-78.444442,-78.444567,-78.444736,-78.445501,-78.445974,-78.446921,-78.447125,-78.447535,-78.448286,-78.448488,-78.448691,-78.448759,-78.448791,-78.448867,-78.448932,-78.448999,-78.449095,-78.449181,-78.449366,-78.449605,-78.44995,-78.45014,-78.450337,-78.450403,-78.450516,-78.450629,-78.450743,-78.45086,-78.450968,-78.451154,-78.451429,-78.451573,-78.451669,-78.451751,-78.451835,-78.451995,-78.452364,-78.452782,-78.452873,-78.453107,-78.453668,-78.454187,-78.454536,-78.455218,-78.455441,-78.455976,-78.456309,-78.45661,-78.45688,-78.457054,-78.457225,-78.457362,-78.457501,-78.45763,-78.457712,-78.457837,-78.457948,-78.458163,-78.458242,-78.458316,-78.458548,-78.458684,-78.458802,-78.458883,-78.458958,-78.459072,-78.45917,-78.459264,-78.459335,-78.45948,-78.459669,-78.459831,-78.460172,-78.460791,-78.460893,-78.461045,-78.461143,-78.461222,-78.461291,-78.4614,-78.46148,-78.462204,-78.462421,-78.462869,-78.463049,-78.463217,-78.46333,-78.463485,-78.463602,-78.463653,-78.463757,-78.463894,-78.464436,-78.465111,-78.465388,-78.465517,-78.465733,-78.465949,-78.466512,-78.466998,-78.467151,-78.467338,-78.467504,-78.467729,-78.467963,-78.468662,-78.468691,-78.468772,-78.468915,-78.468934,-78.468991,-78.469049,-78.469163,-78.469265,-78.46955,-78.471057,-78.471251,-78.471611,-78.472054,-78.472251,-78.472383,-78.472753,-78.47291,-78.473376,-78.474184,-78.474568,-78.474841,-78.474965,-78.475063,-78.475398,-78.475658,-78.475797,-78.476443,-78.476829,-78.477133,-78.477961,-78.478434,-78.479626,-78.480258,-78.481733,-78.482705,-78.483079,-78.484964,-78.48518,-78.48567,-78.485902,-78.486194,-78.486344,-78.486513,-78.486721,-78.486906,-78.487202,-78.487348,-78.487505,-78.487297,-78.486713,-78.485861,-78.485218,-78.484758,-78.484695,-78.484549,-78.484461,-78.484397,-78.484369,-78.484307,-78.48428,-78.484271,-78.484292,-78.484324,-78.484382,-78.48446,-78.484549,-78.484653,-78.484753,-78.484915,-78.485054,-78.485127,-78.485501,-78.485522,-78.485578,-78.485549,-78.485541,-78.485515,-78.485461,-78.48543,-78.485393,-78.48535,-78.485259,-78.485123,-78.485033,-78.484991,-78.48496,-78.484938,-78.484923,-78.484925,-78.484935,-78.484928,-78.484911,-78.484756,-78.484722,-78.48468,-78.484652,-78.484648,-78.484654,-78.484651,-78.484686,-78.484737,-78.484806,-78.484908,-78.485007,-78.485146,-78.485179,-78.485357,-78.485558,-78.485598,-78.485687,-78.485809,-78.485866,-78.485896,-78.485974,-78.486005,-78.48611,-78.486139,-78.486228,-78.486269,-78.486281,-78.486337,-78.486572,-78.486729,-78.487124,-78.487182,-78.487246,-78.487482,-78.487635,-78.487772,-78.488031,-78.48818,-78.488612,-78.488742,-78.48881,-78.488904,-78.48893,-78.488992,-78.489069,-78.489158,-78.489195,-78.489241,-78.489234],"lat":[37.626897,37.627001,37.627035,37.627278,37.627347,37.627483,37.627615,37.627708,37.627821,37.62789,37.627973,37.628028,37.628051,37.628057,37.628074,37.62809,37.628095,37.628128,37.628171,37.628377,37.628507,37.62855,37.628555,37.628592,37.628596,37.628611,37.628614,37.628588,37.628551,37.628555,37.628564,37.6286,37.628652,37.628681,37.628814,37.62892,37.62899,37.629092,37.629258,37.629288,37.62932,37.629353,37.629382,37.629415,37.629448,37.629477,37.629572,37.629605,37.629667,37.629699,37.629794,37.629902,37.629942,37.629967,37.630149,37.630272,37.630342,37.63047,37.630525,37.6307,37.63079,37.630853,37.630881,37.630976,37.631109,37.631213,37.631318,37.631493,37.631597,37.63163,37.631723,37.631751,37.631793,37.631836,37.631852,37.631875,37.631958,37.632012,37.632161,37.632208,37.632227,37.632298,37.632311,37.632345,37.632388,37.632521,37.632673,37.632796,37.632843,37.63286,37.632952,37.632968,37.63303,37.63306,37.6331,37.633129,37.633217,37.633269,37.633291,37.633572,37.633732,37.633992,37.634014,37.634032,37.634041,37.634036,37.634025,37.633997,37.633988,37.633938,37.63376,37.633557,37.633527,37.633506,37.633495,37.63346,37.633346,37.633299,37.633222,37.633141,37.6331,37.633102,37.633096,37.633093,37.633097,37.633095,37.6331,37.633102,37.633098,37.633101,37.633093,37.633069,37.633025,37.632995,37.632943,37.632697,37.632644,37.632611,37.632582,37.632575,37.632565,37.632569,37.632562,37.632559,37.63256,37.632548,37.63255,37.632537,37.632498,37.632462,37.632446,37.63241,37.632344,37.632224,37.63207,37.63185,37.631747,37.631553,37.631403,37.631362,37.631338,37.63126,37.631167,37.63102,37.630721,37.630682,37.630623,37.630577,37.630557,37.630553,37.630554,37.630572,37.630569,37.630557,37.630532,37.630516,37.630461,37.630441,37.630281,37.630252,37.630191,37.630075,37.630013,37.629967,37.629692,37.629407,37.629299,37.629227,37.629207,37.629158,37.62914,37.629131,37.629136,37.629163,37.629175,37.629221,37.629304,37.629378,37.629437,37.629568,37.629638,37.629687,37.629772,37.629804,37.629862,37.629957,37.630088,37.63019,37.630225,37.630294,37.630363,37.630398,37.630788,37.630964,37.631209,37.631455,37.63156,37.63181,37.631986,37.632228,37.632397,37.632794,37.633125,37.63335,37.633474,37.633704,37.633759,37.634014,37.634235,37.634396,37.634484,37.634576,37.634893,37.635295,37.63557,37.635868,37.635984,37.636066,37.636117,37.636228,37.636322,37.636351,37.636427,37.636524,37.636547,37.636584,37.636617,37.63679,37.636814,37.636877,37.636933,37.636945,37.636962,37.636987,37.637073,37.637253,37.637261,37.637588,37.637594,37.637674,37.637851,37.637918,37.637937,37.637951,37.637969,37.638031,37.638039,37.638068,37.638078,37.638153,37.63849,37.638677,37.638809,37.639047,37.639185,37.639398,37.639658,37.639682,37.639725,37.639863,37.640015,37.6401,37.640221,37.64038,37.640447,37.640533,37.64058,37.640717,37.640786,37.640855,37.640889,37.641098,37.64131,37.641558,37.641771,37.641979,37.642183,37.642283,37.642516,37.64255,37.642776,37.642964,37.643235,37.643345,37.643403,37.643483,37.643636,37.643696,37.64375,37.643797,37.643873,37.643926,37.643938,37.643948,37.64395,37.643946,37.643958,37.643968,37.64397,37.644015,37.644027,37.644044,37.644072,37.644093,37.644151,37.644185,37.64429,37.644359,37.644536,37.644607,37.644676,37.644711,37.644778,37.644813,37.644947,37.645146,37.645309,37.645435,37.645523,37.6456,37.645694,37.645744,37.645822,37.646198,37.646284,37.646494,37.646547,37.646605,37.646637,37.646737,37.646806,37.646877,37.646945,37.646977,37.647091,37.647167,37.647627,37.648416,37.648554,37.648616,37.648675,37.648776,37.648879,37.649019,37.649161,37.649265,37.649368,37.649564,37.649595,37.649679,37.649705,37.649766,37.649826,37.649849,37.649867,37.649957,37.649986,37.650039,37.650061,37.650071,37.650069,37.650057,37.650035,37.649984,37.649964,37.649864,37.649726,37.649638,37.649576,37.649547,37.648952,37.648642,37.648391,37.648061,37.647905,37.647708,37.647512,37.647429,37.647315,37.647298,37.647286,37.647263,37.647235,37.647215,37.647175,37.647119,37.647075,37.646946,37.646878,37.646845,37.646843,37.646689,37.646683,37.646687,37.646713,37.646742,37.646785,37.646873,37.646918,37.647064,37.647201,37.64726,37.647323,37.64735,37.647478,37.647538,37.64776,37.647851,37.648057,37.648256,37.648393,37.648543,37.648639,37.648684,37.64879,37.648826,37.648953,37.649346,37.649525,37.649604,37.649724,37.649923,37.650265,37.65033,37.651238,37.651636,37.651701,37.652433,37.652693,37.652881,37.653028,37.653178,37.653222,37.65324,37.653264,37.653567,37.653701,37.653748,37.653902,37.653984,37.654041,37.654202,37.654257,37.654307,37.654335,37.654407,37.654474,37.654554,37.654581,37.654599,37.654649,37.654659,37.654657,37.654639,37.654601,37.654561,37.654425,37.654349,37.654228,37.654006,37.653859,37.65378,37.653578,37.653454,37.653293,37.653056,37.652741,37.652567,37.652288,37.652011,37.651084,37.650711,37.650581,37.650515,37.650323,37.649848,37.649787,37.649529,37.649164,37.649106,37.648969,37.648867,37.648812,37.648689,37.648643,37.648582,37.648469,37.648393,37.648362,37.648262,37.648171,37.648138,37.648126,37.648104,37.648091,37.648085,37.648086,37.648094,37.648094,37.648124,37.648163,37.648242,37.648345,37.648413,37.64849,37.648575,37.648699,37.649177,37.649269,37.649357,37.649411,37.64944,37.64952,37.649544,37.6496,37.64997,37.650056,37.650177,37.650274,37.650374,37.65055,37.650726,37.650935,37.651212,37.651385,37.65169,37.65179,37.651886,37.651979,37.652175,37.652253,37.652378,37.652406,37.652535,37.652736,37.652826,37.65344,37.653521,37.654161,37.654601,37.654739,37.65494,37.654994,37.655018,37.655072,37.655202,37.655274,37.655536,37.655555,37.655779,37.656053,37.656207,37.656355,37.656541,37.65665,37.656735,37.656924,37.657092,37.657195,37.657299,37.657404,37.657649,37.657719,37.657825,37.657931,37.658109,37.658212,37.658342,37.658437,37.658525,37.658606,37.658679,37.658725,37.658871,37.658923,37.659052,37.659153,37.659205,37.659277,37.659327,37.659507,37.659529,37.659545,37.659593,37.659602,37.659604,37.659591,37.659542,37.659459,37.659384,37.659356,37.659318,37.659248,37.65923,37.65922,37.659211,37.65918,37.659134,37.659131,37.659144,37.65916,37.659181,37.659194,37.659237,37.659269,37.659318,37.659416,37.659524,37.659578,37.659659,37.66007,37.660227,37.66029,37.660414,37.660679,37.660907,37.661029,37.661049,37.661097,37.661225,37.661299,37.661322,37.661337,37.661342,37.66134,37.661343,37.661341,37.661344,37.661335,37.661339,37.661341,37.661359,37.661399,37.66144,37.661515,37.661608,37.661641,37.66171,37.661887,37.661923,37.662024,37.662117,37.662172,37.662195,37.662251,37.662263,37.662296,37.662385,37.662422,37.662488,37.662596,37.662737,37.663176,37.663358,37.663486,37.663553,37.663692,37.663763,37.663869,37.66401,37.664113,37.664212,37.664369,37.664455,37.664643,37.664716,37.664783,37.664957,37.665137,37.665361,37.665451,37.665805,37.665931,37.66597,37.666074,37.6661,37.666189,37.666285,37.666421,37.66656,37.666596,37.666666,37.666766,37.666854,37.666881,37.666971,37.667061,37.667098,37.667288,37.667356,37.667414,37.667432,37.667475,37.667513,37.667545,37.667697,37.667815,37.667981,37.668239,37.668315,37.66836,37.668377,37.668378,37.668389,37.668419,37.668407,37.668369,37.668353,37.668361,37.668402,37.668427,37.668459,37.668539,37.668599,37.668632,37.668768,37.669388,37.669562,37.669597,37.669666,37.669772,37.669808,37.669984,37.670267,37.67108,37.671398,37.671997,37.672244,37.67263,37.6727,37.672735,37.67305,37.673916,37.674141,37.674148,37.674186,37.674191,37.674256,37.674376,37.674556,37.67479,37.675075,37.675205,37.675305,37.675412,37.675501,37.675594,37.675689,37.675785,37.675962,37.676183,37.676403,37.676577,37.677219,37.677433,37.677544,37.677658,37.677883,37.678056,37.678159,37.678446,37.678736,37.679027,37.679162,37.679331,37.679523,37.679823,37.680331,37.680491,37.680534,37.680621,37.681005,37.681236,37.681824,37.68212,37.682246,37.682301,37.682504,37.682729,37.682823,37.682883,37.682889,37.682872,37.682768,37.682746,37.682696,37.682515,37.682433,37.682356,37.682306,37.682147,37.68213,37.68207,37.682059,37.682064,37.682075,37.682097,37.682141,37.682207,37.68224,37.682267,37.682289,37.682295,37.682284,37.682245,37.68224,37.682256,37.682322,37.682377,37.682789,37.682827,37.682932,37.683014,37.683085,37.683267,37.683341,37.683344,37.683353,37.683362,37.683401,37.683451,37.683472,37.683523,37.683613,37.683738,37.683804,37.68394,37.684182,37.684392,37.684498,37.68464,37.684745,37.684848,37.684913,37.684943,37.684996,37.685112,37.685218,37.685277,37.68534,37.68536,37.685373,37.68541,37.685421,37.685433,37.68544,37.685533,37.685681,37.685745,37.685801,37.685838,37.685887,37.68595,37.686004,37.686096,37.686509,37.686602,37.686691,37.686915,37.687076,37.687132,37.687282,37.687325,37.687423,37.687613,37.687672,37.687725,37.687739,37.68776,37.687804,37.687837,37.687875,37.687897,37.687983,37.688105,37.688202,37.688336,37.688405,37.68844,37.688582,37.688668,37.688755,37.68886,37.688956,37.689228,37.689324,37.689377,37.689626,37.689713,37.689779,37.689847,37.689879,37.69002,37.690125,37.6903,37.690472,37.690538,37.690606,37.690838,37.691264,37.691529,37.691594,37.69186,37.692165,37.692303,37.692617,37.692758,37.692968,37.693039,37.693179,37.69342,37.693517,37.693579,37.693771,37.693848,37.693916,37.693975,37.694023,37.694046,37.694065,37.69407,37.694052,37.694046,37.694049,37.694058,37.694062,37.69407,37.694095,37.694108,37.694108,37.694116,37.694136,37.694178,37.694211,37.694363,37.694446,37.694646,37.694695,37.694722,37.694756,37.694811,37.694902,37.695101,37.695239,37.695344,37.695661,37.695696,37.695766,37.695871,37.696078,37.696282,37.696479,37.696667,37.696756,37.69681,37.696881,37.696947,37.697006,37.697057,37.69709,37.697148,37.697222,37.697298,37.697305,37.697325,37.697335,37.697432,37.697443,37.697468,37.697473,37.697475,37.69748,37.697493,37.69751,37.697571,37.697599,37.697594,37.697589,37.697562,37.697533,37.697502,37.697452,37.697322,37.697289,37.697263,37.697234,37.69722,37.697214,37.697208,37.697219,37.697251,37.697314,37.6974,37.697508,37.697606,37.697714,37.697854,37.697933,37.69799,37.698153,37.698178,37.698235,37.698476,37.698706,37.698841,37.698919,37.69911,37.699287,37.699385,37.699494,37.699527,37.699564,37.699698,37.699712,37.699752,37.699808,37.699921,37.700027,37.700213,37.700403,37.700558,37.70115,37.701271,37.701331,37.701587,37.701678,37.701772,37.701815,37.701932,37.701951,37.702186,37.702212,37.702221,37.70229,37.702395,37.702621,37.702736,37.702912,37.703064,37.703122,37.703236,37.70356,37.703643,37.703713,37.703738,37.703823,37.703999,37.704182,37.704274,37.704338,37.704367,37.704462,37.704703,37.705314,37.705544,37.705696,37.705782,37.705797,37.705807,37.705836,37.705867,37.70595,37.70604,37.706109,37.706151,37.706192,37.706201,37.706195,37.706185,37.70616,37.706109,37.705987,37.705931,37.70591,37.70577,37.705706,37.705663,37.705638,37.705616,37.705602,37.705582,37.705583,37.705578,37.705554,37.70553,37.70551,37.705446,37.705362,37.705229,37.705012,37.704783,37.704266,37.704082,37.704073,37.703828,37.703713,37.703334,37.703252,37.703207,37.703134,37.703096,37.703059,37.703038,37.703008,37.703,37.702973,37.702938,37.702923,37.70288,37.702857,37.702831,37.702809,37.702798,37.70278,37.702713,37.702593,37.702521,37.702375,37.702327,37.702159,37.701957,37.701875,37.701775,37.701551,37.701448,37.701309,37.701118,37.701005,37.700921,37.700895,37.700821,37.700258,37.699792,37.699597,37.699258,37.699236,37.699045,37.699003,37.698891,37.698848,37.698832,37.69881,37.69882,37.698823,37.698812,37.698785,37.698778,37.698731,37.69863,37.698619,37.698575,37.698549,37.698519,37.698526,37.698528,37.698524,37.698525,37.698539,37.69855,37.698584,37.698634,37.698692,37.69879,37.698893,37.698963,37.699279,37.700549,37.700725,37.701078,37.701148,37.70178,37.701919,37.701988,37.702053,37.702141,37.702218,37.702306,37.702384,37.702469,37.702569,37.702597,37.702752,37.70294,37.703239,37.703397,37.703474,37.703584,37.703917,37.70398,37.704351,37.704548,37.705117,37.705214,37.705359,37.705471,37.705617,37.705871,37.70605,37.706104,37.706198,37.706242,37.706302,37.706338,37.706486,37.706624,37.706639,37.706679,37.706698,37.706717,37.706729,37.706728,37.706717,37.706699,37.706617,37.706554,37.706539,37.706545,37.706692,37.70672,37.706741,37.706766,37.706777,37.706821,37.706876,37.706953,37.706982,37.707168,37.70727,37.707339,37.707516,37.707615,37.707682,37.707786,37.707926,37.708031,37.708134,37.708166,37.708224,37.708276,37.708403,37.708566,37.708643,37.708695,37.708702,37.708759,37.70892,37.708963,37.709036,37.709051,37.709053,37.709089,37.709094,37.709091,37.709073,37.70905,37.709091,37.709096,37.709094,37.709085,37.709068,37.708992,37.708856,37.70877,37.708701,37.708662,37.708546,37.708376,37.708225,37.708206,37.70814,37.708114,37.708003,37.707807,37.707696,37.707673,37.707642,37.70763,37.707617,37.707614,37.707616,37.707645,37.707704,37.707744,37.707795,37.707884,37.707918,37.708042,37.708174,37.7083,37.708476,37.708578,37.708626,37.708646,37.708693,37.708771,37.708816,37.708931,37.708972,37.708986,37.709029,37.709099,37.709182,37.709216,37.70924,37.709255,37.709296,37.709387,37.709409,37.709474,37.709498,37.709511,37.709567,37.709638,37.709807,37.709963,37.710122,37.710383,37.710453,37.710624,37.710765,37.710801,37.710867,37.710907,37.710951,37.711029,37.711078,37.711131,37.711153,37.711239,37.711301,37.711399,37.711501,37.711569,37.711675,37.711781,37.711887,37.711955,37.712086,37.71212,37.712152,37.712252,37.712286,37.712316,37.712349,37.712381,37.712413,37.712517,37.712586,37.712621,37.712691,37.712903,37.712971,37.713137,37.7132,37.713234,37.713297,37.713365,37.7135,37.713638,37.713709,37.713815,37.713918,37.714014,37.714106,37.714164,37.714466,37.714613,37.714669,37.714717,37.714777,37.714833,37.714934,37.715018,37.715112,37.715211,37.715287,37.715314,37.71533,37.715332,37.715306,37.715278,37.715238,37.715173,37.715081,37.714899,37.714854,37.714718,37.714676,37.714602,37.714538,37.714438,37.714286,37.714201,37.714076,37.714008,37.713886,37.713788,37.713752,37.713659,37.713649,37.71362,37.713533,37.713505,37.713468,37.713458,37.713407,37.713376,37.713343,37.713318,37.713288,37.713191,37.713163,37.71312,37.71301,37.71296,37.712753,37.712532,37.712506,37.712417,37.712399,37.712349,37.71233,37.712283,37.712229,37.712201,37.712191,37.712146,37.712106,37.711987,37.711928,37.711902,37.711833,37.711784,37.711713,37.711686,37.711647,37.711637,37.711637,37.711648,37.711657,37.711626,37.711625,37.711607,37.711605,37.71159,37.711586,37.71154,37.711511,37.711396,37.711333,37.711293,37.711085,37.71105,37.711041,37.711043,37.711052,37.711046,37.711057,37.711055,37.711068,37.711063,37.711075,37.711069,37.711082,37.711079,37.711088,37.711078,37.711084,37.711083,37.711074,37.711074,37.711067,37.711031,37.710951,37.710946,37.710914,37.710911,37.710892,37.71086,37.710826,37.710827,37.710816,37.710824,37.710834,37.710829,37.710849,37.710866,37.710869,37.710935,37.710947,37.71096,37.710971,37.710991,37.710997,37.711017,37.711028,37.711043,37.711083,37.711077,37.711092,37.711088,37.711092,37.711074,37.711042,37.710998,37.710987,37.710828,37.710763,37.710751,37.710708,37.710694,37.71069,37.710665,37.710648,37.710529,37.71047,37.710385,37.710322,37.710313,37.710307,37.71026,37.710162,37.710071,37.709991,37.709942,37.709901,37.709887,37.709871,37.709875,37.70987,37.709874,37.709881,37.709893,37.709977,37.71006,37.710173,37.710293,37.710372,37.710449,37.710539,37.710649,37.710742,37.710841,37.710943,37.711048,37.711155,37.711542,37.711683,37.711896,37.711966,37.712232,37.712424,37.712671,37.712914,37.712945,37.713127,37.713333,37.713583,37.713817,37.713908,37.713971,37.714059,37.714126,37.714136,37.714565,37.714443,37.714183,37.714169,37.714166,37.714163,37.71416,37.71406,37.714043,37.713972,37.713968,37.713966,37.713943,37.713443,37.713043,37.712743,37.712343,37.712143,37.711843,37.711343,37.711043,37.710743,37.710443,37.710043,37.709892,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709945,37.709974,37.710003,37.710067,37.710131,37.710143,37.710445,37.710463,37.710466,37.710536,37.710543,37.710609,37.710616,37.710622,37.710643,37.710443,37.710243,37.710112,37.709943,37.709743,37.709243,37.709243,37.709143,37.708743,37.708325,37.708288,37.708252,37.707843,37.707044,37.706144,37.705444,37.704644,37.704617,37.703744,37.702944,37.701844,37.700444,37.699444,37.698244,37.69791,37.697544,37.697378,37.695526,37.694494,37.693791,37.6925,37.692483,37.691659,37.691644,37.691636,37.691628,37.691615,37.691608,37.691606,37.691602,37.691595,37.691544,37.691444,37.691424,37.691417,37.691409,37.691395,37.691344,37.691263,37.691262,37.69126,37.691254,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691294,37.690944,37.69068,37.69063,37.690542,37.690509,37.690508,37.690488,37.690444,37.69044,37.690428,37.690427,37.690423,37.690411,37.690362,37.690324,37.690313,37.690308,37.690315,37.69033,37.690337,37.690547,37.690648,37.690745,37.690842,37.690643,37.690495,37.686074,37.683747,37.680332,37.680313,37.678703,37.678246,37.678235,37.678209,37.678197,37.678109,37.676306,37.671166,37.671135,37.664542,37.664177,37.664154,37.663238,37.66261,37.662532,37.662518,37.662492,37.661344,37.661118,37.661007,37.659459,37.659428,37.659388,37.659323,37.6593,37.654073,37.654048,37.650574,37.646569,37.644284,37.641579,37.640893,37.63768,37.637217,37.635546,37.634546,37.634122,37.630681,37.627905,37.627858,37.627737,37.627703,37.626794,37.625146,37.62275,37.622724,37.620844,37.619426,37.615223,37.615022,37.610344,37.608572,37.607371,37.60517,37.604926,37.602247,37.599735,37.599718,37.595982,37.595932,37.59591,37.595776,37.595591,37.595573,37.59547,37.595415,37.595395,37.595375,37.595356,37.595187,37.595163,37.59423,37.594057,37.590951,37.583697,37.5788,37.573248,37.571524,37.571496,37.571316,37.571297,37.571244,37.570994,37.570398,37.57032,37.57009,37.570061,37.568149,37.56759,37.563517,37.563618,37.563739,37.563867,37.564072,37.564131,37.564269,37.564385,37.56448,37.564548,37.564612,37.564681,37.564714,37.564733,37.56474,37.564722,37.564702,37.564705,37.564724,37.564756,37.564838,37.564873,37.564958,37.565088,37.565157,37.565256,37.56539,37.565637,37.565896,37.566279,37.566563,37.566848,37.567384,37.568522,37.568687,37.569794,37.569864,37.570083,37.570312,37.570487,37.570661,37.570703,37.570822,37.570907,37.570991,37.571046,37.57108,37.571111,37.571127,37.57113,37.571121,37.571098,37.571061,37.571009,37.570793,37.570737,37.570673,37.57064,37.570624,37.570621,37.570627,37.570651,37.570686,37.570746,37.571013,37.571033,37.571215,37.571307,37.571432,37.571488,37.571559,37.571644,37.57217,37.572378,37.572524,37.57265,37.572943,37.573054,37.573249,37.573456,37.573676,37.574045,37.574227,37.574404,37.575173,37.575336,37.575529,37.57571,37.575773,37.575882,37.575919,37.575937,37.575943,37.575949,37.575966,37.576007,37.576415,37.576543,37.576656,37.576903,37.576922,37.576934,37.576928,37.576907,37.576435,37.576121,37.576096,37.57609,37.576086,37.576098,37.576114,37.576148,37.576195,37.57685,37.577665,37.578019,37.578237,37.578442,37.578487,37.578523,37.578538,37.578539,37.578526,37.578423,37.5784,37.578375,37.578363,37.578366,37.578379,37.578487,37.578654,37.578762,37.578898,37.578949,37.578986,37.579019,37.579151,37.579148,37.579153,37.579172,37.579205,37.579251,37.579804,37.579869,37.579919,37.579955,37.580075,37.580099,37.580125,37.58016,37.580208,37.580264,37.580342,37.58043,37.580506,37.581008,37.581214,37.581374,37.581493,37.58154,37.581643,37.581763,37.582263,37.582381,37.582486,37.582591,37.582648,37.582696,37.582737,37.582782,37.582805,37.582899,37.582939,37.582993,37.583046,37.583059,37.583147,37.583294,37.583435,37.58347,37.583549,37.583628,37.583672,37.583713,37.583832,37.583863,37.583897,37.583896,37.583887,37.583863,37.583799,37.583479,37.583172,37.5831,37.583052,37.583004,37.58297,37.582949,37.582947,37.582952,37.582972,37.583014,37.58302,37.583045,37.583098,37.58314,37.583197,37.583267,37.583519,37.583822,37.584194,37.584342,37.584539,37.585005,37.585506,37.585865,37.586329,37.586535,37.587184,37.588219,37.588268,37.588815,37.589786,37.590261,37.590392,37.590533,37.589993,37.589893,37.589688,37.588425,37.587521,37.587106,37.586822,37.586618,37.586448,37.586277,37.586134,37.585915,37.585497,37.585375,37.585242,37.585819,37.586724,37.587133,37.587426,37.587498,37.587561,37.587672,37.587843,37.588032,37.588181,37.588322,37.588507,37.588604,37.588719,37.588842,37.588976,37.589075,37.589166,37.589237,37.58926,37.589332,37.589476,37.589634,37.589711,37.589767,37.589802,37.589904,37.590114,37.590622,37.590809,37.59123,37.591357,37.591506,37.591936,37.592025,37.592103,37.592262,37.59242,37.592586,37.592718,37.592853,37.593025,37.593202,37.593273,37.593812,37.594522,37.594677,37.594871,37.595065,37.595086,37.595223,37.595324,37.595616,37.595751,37.595852,37.595973,37.596083,37.596338,37.596525,37.596847,37.596884,37.596928,37.597045,37.597156,37.597305,37.597463,37.59763,37.597925,37.598349,37.598652,37.598825,37.598988,37.59911,37.599205,37.599312,37.599425,37.599556,37.59965,37.599723,37.599827,37.599977,37.600041,37.600132,37.600235,37.600393,37.600549,37.600597,37.600725,37.600863,37.60097,37.601082,37.601209,37.601255,37.601373,37.60145,37.601523,37.601648,37.601694,37.602022,37.602233,37.602416,37.602469,37.602485,37.60254,37.602611,37.602682,37.602796,37.602789,37.602798,37.60287,37.60296,37.603053,37.603154,37.603251,37.603347,37.603416,37.603494,37.603539,37.603668,37.603809,37.603906,37.604014,37.60413,37.604273,37.604544,37.604773,37.604976,37.60523,37.605533,37.606009,37.606198,37.606406,37.606516,37.606618,37.606872,37.606981,37.607057,37.607175,37.607274,37.607342,37.607536,37.607801,37.6079,37.608076,37.608212,37.608418,37.608572,37.608725,37.608907,37.609151,37.609411,37.609545,37.609707,37.609986,37.610229,37.610306,37.610333,37.61036,37.610427,37.610481,37.610612,37.610628,37.610676,37.610737,37.610746,37.610741,37.610729,37.61072,37.610687,37.610642,37.610573,37.610487,37.610426,37.61032,37.610197,37.610046,37.609979,37.609926,37.609916,37.609911,37.609921,37.609946,37.609986,37.610039,37.610162,37.610333,37.610413,37.610447,37.610464,37.610472,37.61047,37.610427,37.610373,37.61036,37.61033,37.610267,37.610226,37.610194,37.610094,37.610072,37.610028,37.609991,37.609974,37.609966,37.609954,37.609927,37.609894,37.609832,37.609756,37.60969,37.609572,37.609446,37.609094,37.608974,37.608883,37.608693,37.608589,37.608512,37.608476,37.608461,37.608455,37.608466,37.60849,37.608519,37.608569,37.608643,37.608718,37.608904,37.609215,37.609253,37.609292,37.609303,37.609303,37.609288,37.609251,37.609212,37.608765,37.608601,37.60825,37.608094,37.60793,37.607828,37.607711,37.607635,37.607605,37.607553,37.607499,37.607354,37.607192,37.607135,37.607125,37.60712,37.60713,37.607191,37.607232,37.607256,37.607298,37.607369,37.607492,37.607626,37.608087,37.608155,37.608316,37.608541,37.608564,37.608614,37.608648,37.608687,37.608706,37.608727,37.608789,37.608792,37.608777,37.608747,37.608722,37.608703,37.608689,37.608688,37.608702,37.608747,37.608764,37.60876,37.60875,37.608731,37.608683,37.608678,37.608691,37.608826,37.608902,37.60896,37.609138,37.609247,37.609539,37.609708,37.610089,37.610335,37.610438,37.610912,37.610975,37.611107,37.611166,37.611251,37.611302,37.611376,37.611487,37.611594,37.611785,37.611888,37.612015,37.612284,37.61305,37.614151,37.614975,37.615583,37.615677,37.615902,37.616066,37.61622,37.616303,37.616549,37.616728,37.616908,37.617196,37.617426,37.617626,37.617822,37.618003,37.618176,37.618316,37.618506,37.618652,37.618723,37.619113,37.619134,37.61919,37.619275,37.619345,37.619485,37.61962,37.619646,37.619667,37.619679,37.619679,37.619667,37.619669,37.619683,37.619709,37.61974,37.61981,37.619845,37.61988,37.619986,37.620019,37.620237,37.620302,37.620403,37.620507,37.620612,37.620717,37.620752,37.620961,37.621134,37.621341,37.621614,37.621811,37.622032,37.622098,37.622382,37.622657,37.62272,37.622842,37.623029,37.623124,37.62319,37.623315,37.62338,37.623572,37.623638,37.623797,37.623859,37.623893,37.623988,37.624327,37.624539,37.625051,37.625106,37.625155,37.62532,37.625449,37.625542,37.625687,37.625766,37.626012,37.626109,37.626155,37.626231,37.62626,37.62631,37.626397,37.62652,37.626584,37.626721,37.626897]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.833358,-78.833341,-78.833179,-78.833173,-78.833096,-78.832948,-78.832839,-78.832439,-78.83074,-78.829284,-78.82914,-78.829076,-78.828802,-78.828528,-78.828073,-78.827975,-78.82794,-78.827763,-78.827402,-78.82704,-78.82624,-78.824336,-78.823839,-78.822341,-78.820741,-78.820109,-78.819191,-78.819069,-78.818934,-78.818692,-78.818541,-78.816955,-78.816935,-78.81689,-78.81687,-78.816852,-78.816433,-78.816335,-78.816032,-78.815876,-78.81576,-78.815738,-78.815142,-78.814042,-78.812976,-78.812566,-78.812516,-78.81244,-78.811042,-78.81045,-78.810444,-78.809943,-78.809943,-78.810043,-78.810143,-78.810443,-78.810943,-78.811468,-78.811544,-78.812044,-78.812195,-78.812718,-78.813244,-78.813644,-78.814444,-78.815044,-78.815544,-78.816344,-78.816744,-78.817345,-78.817413,-78.817745,-78.818345,-78.818545,-78.818984,-78.819051,-78.819063,-78.819384,-78.819642,-78.820802,-78.821374,-78.821583,-78.821654,-78.821939,-78.821953,-78.82214,-78.822161,-78.82244,-78.82284,-78.82324,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.824028,-78.82394,-78.823804,-78.823786,-78.823768,-78.82374,-78.82324,-78.822595,-78.82254,-78.82124,-78.81864,-78.817859,-78.81554,-78.814346,-78.81314,-78.811813,-78.811333,-78.81124,-78.811137,-78.80934,-78.80644,-78.806321,-78.806197,-78.806073,-78.804756,-78.803439,-78.803208,-78.803148,-78.803096,-78.803067,-78.800539,-78.79993,-78.798938,-78.797946,-78.797839,-78.79753,-78.797428,-78.797327,-78.796133,-78.794939,-78.794796,-78.794654,-78.792996,-78.791339,-78.788128,-78.78612,-78.785388,-78.785341,-78.784513,-78.782906,-78.781469,-78.781395,-78.781375,-78.780946,-78.780479,-78.780451,-78.780228,-78.780107,-78.778609,-78.778441,-78.776939,-78.776631,-78.775739,-78.773172,-78.772935,-78.7723,-78.772252,-78.771783,-78.771314,-78.771228,-78.770432,-78.769232,-78.769066,-78.768681,-78.766708,-78.766614,-78.766514,-78.764838,-78.761238,-78.759813,-78.758387,-78.758312,-78.758238,-78.758092,-78.757947,-78.755738,-78.755518,-78.753734,-78.751951,-78.751794,-78.751638,-78.750038,-78.749738,-78.749638,-78.749438,-78.749238,-78.748938,-78.748738,-78.748538,-78.748038,-78.747638,-78.747038,-78.746638,-78.745937,-78.745637,-78.745112,-78.745056,-78.744937,-78.74487,-78.744854,-78.744769,-78.744435,-78.743937,-78.743834,-78.743818,-78.743805,-78.743758,-78.743581,-78.743137,-78.743054,-78.74304,-78.743026,-78.74299,-78.742537,-78.7418,-78.741737,-78.741187,-78.741137,-78.740637,-78.739937,-78.739437,-78.738737,-78.738137,-78.737563,-78.737237,-78.736837,-78.736237,-78.735636,-78.735537,-78.734037,-78.733434,-78.733363,-78.732937,-78.732537,-78.732337,-78.732003,-78.731966,-78.731837,-78.73154,-78.731476,-78.731444,-78.731426,-78.731407,-78.731392,-78.731037,-78.730917,-78.730537,-78.729932,-78.729914,-78.729862,-78.729637,-78.729037,-78.728337,-78.727837,-78.727037,-78.726504,-78.726344,-78.726306,-78.726294,-78.726237,-78.725537,-78.725444,-78.725401,-78.725345,-78.725249,-78.725034,-78.724137,-78.723437,-78.723286,-78.723211,-78.723186,-78.723158,-78.723136,-78.722535,-78.722281,-78.722258,-78.722235,-78.721985,-78.721835,-78.721735,-78.721664,-78.721506,-78.721436,-78.721236,-78.721037,-78.720987,-78.720936,-78.720821,-78.720436,-78.720235,-78.720136,-78.719636,-78.719544,-78.719532,-78.71929,-78.719279,-78.719074,-78.718903,-78.718428,-78.718079,-78.717939,-78.717878,-78.717795,-78.717702,-78.71758,-78.717472,-78.716363,-78.716107,-78.71572,-78.715652,-78.715401,-78.715149,-78.714768,-78.714432,-78.714043,-78.713402,-78.713237,-78.713065,-78.712888,-78.712792,-78.712701,-78.712618,-78.712534,-78.71249,-78.712447,-78.712421,-78.712372,-78.712312,-78.712319,-78.712344,-78.712504,-78.712738,-78.713037,-78.713249,-78.713267,-78.713283,-78.713282,-78.713262,-78.713207,-78.713134,-78.713046,-78.712436,-78.712353,-78.712285,-78.712233,-78.712162,-78.712045,-78.711983,-78.71189,-78.71178,-78.711301,-78.711203,-78.711121,-78.710925,-78.710846,-78.710779,-78.710683,-78.710407,-78.710082,-78.709964,-78.709841,-78.709756,-78.709649,-78.709303,-78.709244,-78.709131,-78.708881,-78.708487,-78.708376,-78.708319,-78.708263,-78.708217,-78.708101,-78.708058,-78.707991,-78.707949,-78.70789,-78.707832,-78.707726,-78.707688,-78.707582,-78.707464,-78.707207,-78.706943,-78.706645,-78.706515,-78.706393,-78.706282,-78.706183,-78.706114,-78.706042,-78.705987,-78.705859,-78.705753,-78.705669,-78.7056,-78.705523,-78.705382,-78.705226,-78.705139,-78.704909,-78.704819,-78.704704,-78.704577,-78.704439,-78.704294,-78.704144,-78.70402,-78.703807,-78.70337,-78.702898,-78.702724,-78.702552,-78.702131,-78.701752,-78.70164,-78.701528,-78.70134,-78.701166,-78.700885,-78.700329,-78.700205,-78.700082,-78.699889,-78.699752,-78.698622,-78.698427,-78.698068,-78.697983,-78.697815,-78.697764,-78.697717,-78.697626,-78.697585,-78.697423,-78.697388,-78.697371,-78.697372,-78.697381,-78.697388,-78.697455,-78.69749,-78.69755,-78.697578,-78.697903,-78.697919,-78.697949,-78.697968,-78.697963,-78.69794,-78.697862,-78.697766,-78.697676,-78.697573,-78.697452,-78.697255,-78.696966,-78.696884,-78.696696,-78.696534,-78.696318,-78.696175,-78.696009,-78.695844,-78.695382,-78.694929,-78.69455,-78.693765,-78.693014,-78.692673,-78.692417,-78.692174,-78.691734,-78.69139,-78.691171,-78.690873,-78.69062,-78.690021,-78.68954,-78.689044,-78.688135,-78.687861,-78.687673,-78.6874,-78.68722,-78.686914,-78.686662,-78.686028,-78.685594,-78.685017,-78.684116,-78.68357,-78.683349,-78.68275,-78.680873,-78.679895,-78.679463,-78.679025,-78.678649,-78.678192,-78.677768,-78.677428,-78.677087,-78.676831,-78.676556,-78.676213,-78.675535,-78.6752,-78.674757,-78.674459,-78.674115,-78.673853,-78.67354,-78.673063,-78.672827,-78.672403,-78.671836,-78.671386,-78.670511,-78.670072,-78.669781,-78.669344,-78.668943,-78.668268,-78.667913,-78.667625,-78.666557,-78.666207,-78.665695,-78.665581,-78.665325,-78.664895,-78.664716,-78.664625,-78.6645,-78.664333,-78.664089,-78.663856,-78.663606,-78.663267,-78.661947,-78.661238,-78.659424,-78.658926,-78.65862,-78.657967,-78.657719,-78.657202,-78.656014,-78.654869,-78.653723,-78.652497,-78.651751,-78.650532,-78.649924,-78.649497,-78.649236,-78.648906,-78.648771,-78.648282,-78.647827,-78.647207,-78.646782,-78.646591,-78.646344,-78.646191,-78.645855,-78.645525,-78.645199,-78.644839,-78.644544,-78.643727,-78.643281,-78.642968,-78.642601,-78.642256,-78.642221,-78.641925,-78.641668,-78.641341,-78.640769,-78.639317,-78.638997,-78.638669,-78.638334,-78.637882,-78.637309,-78.637151,-78.636936,-78.636748,-78.636458,-78.636313,-78.636217,-78.635488,-78.635104,-78.634875,-78.634761,-78.634558,-78.63438,-78.634193,-78.634046,-78.633908,-78.63383,-78.633647,-78.633543,-78.633496,-78.633464,-78.633416,-78.633389,-78.63338,-78.633387,-78.633415,-78.633513,-78.633558,-78.633563,-78.633549,-78.633517,-78.633429,-78.633144,-78.633068,-78.633035,-78.633007,-78.633017,-78.633003,-78.632971,-78.632943,-78.632891,-78.63283,-78.632741,-78.632458,-78.632167,-78.631834,-78.631624,-78.631358,-78.630922,-78.630465,-78.63021,-78.629852,-78.629464,-78.629111,-78.628858,-78.628272,-78.626992,-78.625949,-78.62535,-78.624827,-78.624391,-78.623792,-78.623146,-78.622179,-78.621981,-78.621785,-78.621707,-78.621253,-78.621129,-78.621025,-78.620483,-78.620024,-78.619755,-78.619484,-78.61938,-78.616935,-78.616257,-78.615553,-78.614202,-78.61309,-78.612533,-78.612095,-78.611929,-78.611825,-78.611008,-78.610443,-78.610129,-78.609787,-78.609609,-78.609463,-78.60928,-78.609058,-78.608886,-78.608445,-78.607362,-78.607257,-78.606254,-78.60611,-78.605391,-78.603833,-78.603119,-78.602732,-78.601519,-78.601124,-78.601304,-78.601377,-78.60142,-78.601439,-78.601555,-78.601649,-78.601717,-78.601715,-78.601706,-78.601647,-78.601565,-78.601518,-78.601516,-78.601525,-78.601561,-78.601615,-78.601645,-78.601743,-78.601817,-78.601847,-78.601865,-78.601864,-78.601845,-78.601768,-78.601753,-78.601686,-78.601499,-78.601393,-78.60127,-78.601166,-78.601024,-78.600867,-78.600421,-78.599848,-78.599481,-78.598931,-78.598681,-78.598306,-78.598079,-78.597678,-78.597416,-78.597125,-78.596593,-78.5965,-78.596462,-78.596427,-78.59639,-78.596359,-78.596347,-78.596355,-78.596363,-78.596373,-78.596375,-78.5964,-78.596404,-78.596388,-78.59635,-78.596294,-78.596236,-78.596087,-78.59592,-78.595431,-78.594681,-78.59447,-78.593972,-78.593682,-78.593247,-78.593039,-78.59264,-78.592258,-78.591457,-78.59094,-78.589586,-78.589222,-78.589109,-78.588972,-78.588934,-78.588889,-78.588869,-78.588842,-78.588718,-78.588727,-78.588746,-78.588786,-78.58883,-78.589043,-78.588939,-78.588698,-78.588408,-78.588227,-78.588089,-78.588006,-78.587815,-78.587737,-78.587578,-78.586936,-78.586757,-78.586309,-78.585874,-78.585763,-78.585674,-78.585432,-78.584307,-78.583195,-78.582663,-78.582553,-78.582408,-78.582325,-78.582187,-78.581959,-78.581696,-78.581627,-78.581475,-78.581268,-78.581068,-78.580833,-78.580571,-78.580364,-78.57988,-78.579418,-78.579114,-78.578983,-78.57852,-78.578085,-78.578016,-78.57763,-78.57754,-78.577374,-78.577243,-78.577001,-78.57658,-78.576557,-78.576539,-78.576408,-78.576214,-78.575779,-78.575683,-78.575275,-78.575199,-78.574737,-78.574606,-78.574419,-78.574226,-78.574102,-78.573957,-78.573853,-78.573494,-78.573425,-78.573246,-78.572721,-78.572486,-78.571727,-78.571471,-78.571299,-78.571202,-78.571098,-78.570995,-78.570732,-78.57047,-78.570366,-78.570228,-78.570199,-78.570118,-78.570049,-78.569849,-78.569545,-78.569255,-78.568723,-78.568523,-78.568337,-78.568205,-78.568088,-78.567984,-78.567964,-78.567971,-78.567991,-78.568026,-78.568178,-78.568316,-78.568751,-78.568792,-78.568799,-78.568792,-78.568661,-78.568668,-78.568751,-78.568854,-78.568923,-78.568896,-78.568896,-78.56891,-78.569075,-78.569144,-78.569199,-78.569213,-78.569275,-78.569296,-78.569386,-78.569393,-78.569365,-78.569275,-78.569206,-78.569144,-78.568985,-78.568909,-78.568847,-78.568806,-78.568647,-78.568474,-78.568295,-78.567957,-78.56737,-78.567266,-78.567142,-78.567087,-78.5669,-78.566818,-78.566728,-78.566583,-78.566341,-78.566265,-78.566175,-78.565706,-78.565533,-78.565444,-78.565388,-78.565292,-78.565161,-78.565009,-78.564788,-78.564698,-78.564567,-78.564422,-78.564318,-78.564077,-78.563759,-78.563601,-78.563304,-78.563221,-78.56291,-78.562703,-78.562544,-78.562406,-78.562365,-78.56231,-78.562254,-78.562123,-78.562068,-78.562013,-78.561958,-78.561861,-78.561661,-78.561619,-78.561592,-78.561578,-78.561578,-78.561633,-78.56164,-78.561619,-78.561578,-78.561392,-78.561302,-78.56126,-78.561088,-78.561026,-78.56097,-78.560894,-78.56086,-78.560694,-78.56066,-78.560487,-78.56037,-78.560059,-78.55961,-78.558492,-78.558168,-78.558071,-78.557974,-78.557153,-78.556759,-78.556511,-78.556186,-78.555862,-78.555814,-78.555772,-78.555627,-78.555572,-78.555468,-78.555386,-78.555323,-78.555241,-78.555199,-78.555171,-78.555144,-78.555075,-78.55504,-78.554985,-78.554887,-78.554391,-78.554136,-78.553977,-78.553919,-78.553874,-78.553763,-78.553687,-78.553487,-78.553349,-78.553176,-78.552983,-78.552838,-78.55279,-78.552624,-78.552555,-78.552465,-78.552396,-78.552334,-78.552286,-78.552237,-78.552182,-78.552134,-78.552086,-78.552037,-78.551934,-78.551782,-78.551692,-78.551589,-78.551326,-78.551174,-78.550933,-78.550139,-78.550028,-78.549807,-78.54949,-78.549262,-78.548786,-78.548654,-78.548627,-78.548606,-78.548592,-78.548613,-78.548571,-78.548585,-78.548909,-78.548958,-78.54904,-78.549116,-78.54913,-78.54913,-78.549102,-78.549061,-78.548964,-78.548909,-78.548833,-78.548633,-78.548426,-78.548253,-78.547963,-78.547583,-78.547321,-78.546983,-78.546872,-78.546389,-78.546334,-78.546251,-78.546064,-78.54585,-78.54563,-78.54536,-78.545174,-78.544807,-78.544049,-78.543904,-78.543717,-78.543303,-78.543006,-78.542571,-78.542192,-78.542005,-78.541011,-78.540673,-78.540521,-78.540335,-78.540148,-78.539941,-78.539803,-78.539638,-78.539534,-78.539417,-78.539341,-78.539286,-78.539051,-78.538982,-78.538775,-78.53872,-78.538678,-78.538499,-78.53843,-78.538326,-78.538257,-78.537995,-78.537981,-78.537981,-78.538022,-78.538085,-78.538085,-78.538009,-78.537947,-78.537761,-78.53736,-78.537153,-78.536939,-78.536877,-78.536615,-78.536518,-78.536477,-78.536318,-78.536277,-78.536104,-78.536001,-78.535849,-78.535573,-78.53547,-78.535125,-78.534924,-78.534717,-78.534524,-78.534379,-78.534096,-78.533785,-78.533164,-78.532625,-78.531714,-78.531431,-78.531058,-78.530692,-78.53054,-78.530443,-78.530166,-78.529897,-78.5298,-78.529772,-78.529669,-78.529565,-78.529434,-78.529365,-78.529261,-78.529171,-78.529109,-78.52884,-78.528094,-78.527811,-78.527694,-78.527611,-78.527411,-78.527349,-78.527259,-78.527149,-78.527004,-78.52669,-78.526624,-78.526507,-78.526424,-78.52632,-78.526237,-78.526072,-78.526003,-78.525899,-78.525803,-78.525713,-78.525541,-78.525375,-78.52532,-78.525264,-78.525209,-78.525181,-78.525147,-78.525085,-78.525016,-78.524774,-78.524657,-78.524512,-78.524194,-78.523787,-78.523766,-78.523752,-78.523725,-78.523649,-78.52358,-78.523531,-78.523497,-78.523387,-78.523325,-78.523263,-78.523076,-78.522959,-78.522869,-78.52276,-78.522644,-78.52256,-78.522535,-78.522398,-78.522292,-78.522192,-78.522115,-78.522074,-78.521985,-78.521894,-78.521849,-78.521758,-78.521713,-78.521584,-78.521086,-78.520917,-78.520829,-78.520739,-78.520693,-78.520604,-78.520562,-78.520484,-78.52042,-78.520302,-78.52026,-78.520214,-78.520169,-78.520079,-78.520035,-78.519953,-78.51991,-78.519818,-78.519688,-78.519576,-78.519272,-78.519111,-78.518934,-78.518821,-78.518713,-78.51849,-78.518391,-78.518329,-78.518165,-78.517989,-78.517933,-78.51786,-78.517125,-78.517075,-78.517019,-78.516791,-78.516737,-78.516642,-78.516584,-78.516566,-78.516537,-78.516465,-78.51631,-78.51626,-78.516218,-78.516193,-78.516106,-78.516054,-78.515962,-78.515833,-78.515801,-78.51575,-78.515692,-78.515609,-78.515516,-78.515399,-78.51514,-78.514915,-78.51487,-78.51478,-78.514691,-78.514601,-78.514512,-78.51447,-78.514344,-78.514285,-78.514141,-78.514126,-78.514047,-78.514019,-78.514,-78.51389,-78.513709,-78.513587,-78.513513,-78.513366,-78.513172,-78.513136,-78.513115,-78.513078,-78.513076,-78.513063,-78.51302,-78.512922,-78.51291,-78.512883,-78.512851,-78.512685,-78.512649,-78.512593,-78.512351,-78.512306,-78.511823,-78.511629,-78.511606,-78.511507,-78.511253,-78.511019,-78.510665,-78.510477,-78.510281,-78.510198,-78.510158,-78.510074,-78.509985,-78.50994,-78.509817,-78.509783,-78.509759,-78.509704,-78.509686,-78.509639,-78.509593,-78.509556,-78.509547,-78.509507,-78.509502,-78.509462,-78.50942,-78.509386,-78.509376,-78.509339,-78.509283,-78.509168,-78.509099,-78.50873,-78.5084,-78.50811,-78.507944,-78.507883,-78.507748,-78.507711,-78.507474,-78.506983,-78.506625,-78.50633,-78.50612,-78.506022,-78.505992,-78.505795,-78.505693,-78.50547,-78.505305,-78.505219,-78.505082,-78.504994,-78.504914,-78.504842,-78.50454,-78.504434,-78.504319,-78.504113,-78.503771,-78.50355,-78.50324,-78.503104,-78.502877,-78.502471,-78.502295,-78.502208,-78.502126,-78.502008,-78.501817,-78.501631,-78.501514,-78.501432,-78.501302,-78.501257,-78.501121,-78.501032,-78.500951,-78.500873,-78.500806,-78.500714,-78.500635,-78.500582,-78.50056,-78.500547,-78.500539,-78.500547,-78.500555,-78.500559,-78.500551,-78.500493,-78.500441,-78.500392,-78.500375,-78.500372,-78.500377,-78.500369,-78.500373,-78.50037,-78.500376,-78.500383,-78.500382,-78.500393,-78.50039,-78.50041,-78.500418,-78.500427,-78.500434,-78.50043,-78.500448,-78.50045,-78.500458,-78.500418,-78.500418,-78.500424,-78.500526,-78.500527,-78.500546,-78.500722,-78.500749,-78.500753,-78.500743,-78.500722,-78.500504,-78.500467,-78.500388,-78.50037,-78.500284,-78.50021,-78.500042,-78.499953,-78.499726,-78.499555,-78.499474,-78.499295,-78.498431,-78.498158,-78.497886,-78.497616,-78.497437,-78.497131,-78.497003,-78.496643,-78.496526,-78.496268,-78.496228,-78.496184,-78.496095,-78.496004,-78.495871,-78.495654,-78.495473,-78.495383,-78.495339,-78.495221,-78.495123,-78.495021,-78.494653,-78.494535,-78.494367,-78.49421,-78.493654,-78.493275,-78.493027,-78.49291,-78.492456,-78.492086,-78.491674,-78.491363,-78.491135,-78.490816,-78.490402,-78.489933,-78.489592,-78.489041,-78.48896,-78.488607,-78.488465,-78.488372,-78.48829,-78.488162,-78.487892,-78.487836,-78.487737,-78.487665,-78.487587,-78.487463,-78.487333,-78.487245,-78.487155,-78.487111,-78.486486,-78.486259,-78.486168,-78.486078,-78.48595,-78.485836,-78.485739,-78.485635,-78.485578,-78.485522,-78.485501,-78.485127,-78.485054,-78.484915,-78.484753,-78.484653,-78.484549,-78.48446,-78.484382,-78.484324,-78.484292,-78.484271,-78.48428,-78.484307,-78.484369,-78.484397,-78.484461,-78.484549,-78.484695,-78.484758,-78.485218,-78.485861,-78.486713,-78.487297,-78.487505,-78.48764,-78.488069,-78.488523,-78.489024,-78.48949,-78.489783,-78.491029,-78.491242,-78.491991,-78.492475,-78.492653,-78.492803,-78.492975,-78.493099,-78.493123,-78.493326,-78.493629,-78.49374,-78.494044,-78.49438,-78.494596,-78.494702,-78.494919,-78.494957,-78.495155,-78.495253,-78.495326,-78.495413,-78.495745,-78.495888,-78.496656,-78.496894,-78.497021,-78.497234,-78.497355,-78.497531,-78.4981,-78.498959,-78.499158,-78.499397,-78.499477,-78.499798,-78.499895,-78.500015,-78.500112,-78.500245,-78.500526,-78.500754,-78.50082,-78.500849,-78.500867,-78.500869,-78.500833,-78.500806,-78.500756,-78.500738,-78.500654,-78.500577,-78.50044,-78.500336,-78.499754,-78.499639,-78.49903,-78.498268,-78.497766,-78.497712,-78.497549,-78.496688,-78.496113,-78.496035,-78.495099,-78.495028,-78.494736,-78.494654,-78.494343,-78.493658,-78.493467,-78.493345,-78.493177,-78.492914,-78.492726,-78.492527,-78.492326,-78.49214,-78.492061,-78.492041,-78.491943,-78.490872,-78.490602,-78.490451,-78.49028,-78.489497,-78.489293,-78.489213,-78.488965,-78.488927,-78.488775,-78.488663,-78.488475,-78.487955,-78.487736,-78.48751,-78.486935,-78.486629,-78.486362,-78.485805,-78.485596,-78.48504,-78.484607,-78.484228,-78.483878,-78.48384,-78.483726,-78.483588,-78.482874,-78.482634,-78.482537,-78.482389,-78.482245,-78.482091,-78.481881,-78.481654,-78.481463,-78.481248,-78.48109,-78.480541,-78.480018,-78.479667,-78.478161,-78.476456,-78.476208,-78.47596,-78.475546,-78.475436,-78.475283,-78.474944,-78.474712,-78.474477,-78.474354,-78.474237,-78.474005,-78.474183,-78.474613,-78.475174,-78.47597,-78.477531,-78.477798,-78.47875,-78.479083,-78.479536,-78.479926,-78.480122,-78.481041,-78.481746,-78.482034,-78.482127,-78.482442,-78.48286,-78.48313,-78.483409,-78.483875,-78.484616,-78.484867,-78.485062,-78.485585,-78.48692,-78.48744,-78.487895,-78.488358,-78.488628,-78.489014,-78.489188,-78.489526,-78.489567,-78.489845,-78.490106,-78.490281,-78.49053,-78.490672,-78.491043,-78.491518,-78.491829,-78.491936,-78.492012,-78.492072,-78.492162,-78.492205,-78.492298,-78.49238,-78.492418,-78.492453,-78.492463,-78.492458,-78.492347,-78.4923,-78.492263,-78.492257,-78.49227,-78.492274,-78.492326,-78.492379,-78.492491,-78.492648,-78.492745,-78.493034,-78.493236,-78.493486,-78.493857,-78.494017,-78.494271,-78.494387,-78.49452,-78.494598,-78.494658,-78.49477,-78.494825,-78.494854,-78.494857,-78.494858,-78.494815,-78.494755,-78.494703,-78.494645,-78.494533,-78.49438,-78.494207,-78.49352,-78.492117,-78.491599,-78.491384,-78.489729,-78.489649,-78.489461,-78.489258,-78.489085,-78.488855,-78.488712,-78.488464,-78.488203,-78.487899,-78.487822,-78.487523,-78.48722,-78.486906,-78.486457,-78.485511,-78.484799,-78.48419,-78.483898,-78.483598,-78.483291,-78.482979,-78.48257,-78.481914,-78.481417,-78.481188,-78.480905,-78.480627,-78.480356,-78.480099,-78.479877,-78.479664,-78.479501,-78.479307,-78.479125,-78.478988,-78.47886,-78.478741,-78.478631,-78.478505,-78.478369,-78.478272,-78.478224,-78.478141,-78.478091,-78.478058,-78.478026,-78.477923,-78.477889,-78.477837,-78.477767,-78.477693,-78.477585,-78.47746,-78.477318,-78.47719,-78.476727,-78.47624,-78.476141,-78.476017,-78.475878,-78.475755,-78.47563,-78.475561,-78.47549,-78.475437,-78.475403,-78.475383,-78.475379,-78.475353,-78.475326,-78.475301,-78.475283,-78.475251,-78.475237,-78.475187,-78.475119,-78.475034,-78.474933,-78.474815,-78.474652,-78.47453,-78.473452,-78.47338,-78.472907,-78.472667,-78.472197,-78.471405,-78.471334,-78.471229,-78.471151,-78.471084,-78.471019,-78.470999,-78.470873,-78.47068,-78.470493,-78.47042,-78.470267,-78.4701,-78.470054,-78.46998,-78.469895,-78.469793,-78.469674,-78.469538,-78.469417,-78.468842,-78.46832,-78.46689,-78.466781,-78.466626,-78.466127,-78.465889,-78.465595,-78.465118,-78.464572,-78.464174,-78.463517,-78.463264,-78.462522,-78.462193,-78.461541,-78.460524,-78.46046,-78.460186,-78.45962,-78.459142,-78.458694,-78.458553,-78.458318,-78.457921,-78.457584,-78.457232,-78.456493,-78.456295,-78.455994,-78.455787,-78.455212,-78.454989,-78.454858,-78.454733,-78.454272,-78.454022,-78.453004,-78.452656,-78.452363,-78.45231,-78.452235,-78.452198,-78.452168,-78.452166,-78.452202,-78.452247,-78.452291,-78.452328,-78.452404,-78.452933,-78.453246,-78.453471,-78.453696,-78.453909,-78.453999,-78.454118,-78.454191,-78.454275,-78.454285,-78.454462,-78.454491,-78.454559,-78.454609,-78.454687,-78.454756,-78.454824,-78.454839,-78.454891,-78.454933,-78.45497,-78.455021,-78.455026,-78.455072,-78.455094,-78.455117,-78.455155,-78.455175,-78.455226,-78.455273,-78.455338,-78.455402,-78.455477,-78.455803,-78.455888,-78.456107,-78.456256,-78.456473,-78.456585,-78.456946,-78.458735,-78.459463,-78.459479,-78.459607,-78.459933,-78.460241,-78.460312,-78.460534,-78.461736,-78.46203,-78.462274,-78.462502,-78.462768,-78.463064,-78.46333,-78.463821,-78.464204,-78.46435,-78.464907,-78.465123,-78.465475,-78.465721,-78.466045,-78.466319,-78.466565,-78.46683,-78.466985,-78.467723,-78.468559,-78.468969,-78.469235,-78.469759,-78.469843,-78.469983,-78.47019,-78.470785,-78.471011,-78.471276,-78.471504,-78.471748,-78.472311,-78.47245,-78.472751,-78.47308,-78.473669,-78.474167,-78.475536,-78.476256,-78.477139,-78.477554,-78.4781,-78.478501,-78.478844,-78.478998,-78.479208,-78.479537,-78.479838,-78.48026,-78.480343,-78.480433,-78.480574,-78.480797,-78.48102,-78.48126,-78.481573,-78.48209,-78.483175,-78.48354,-78.483919,-78.484111,-78.484184,-78.484356,-78.484476,-78.484539,-78.48466,-78.484763,-78.484846,-78.484922,-78.484973,-78.484987,-78.484999,-78.485015,-78.485029,-78.485085,-78.485106,-78.485122,-78.485151,-78.485154,-78.485148,-78.485148,-78.485139,-78.48512,-78.485081,-78.484998,-78.484912,-78.484799,-78.484735,-78.484574,-78.484481,-78.484468,-78.484432,-78.484409,-78.484391,-78.4844,-78.484444,-78.484504,-78.484548,-78.484651,-78.484713,-78.484769,-78.484825,-78.484837,-78.485071,-78.485114,-78.485236,-78.485366,-78.485466,-78.485557,-78.485639,-78.485776,-78.485826,-78.485906,-78.485933,-78.485959,-78.485977,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485977,-78.485936,-78.48589,-78.485851,-78.485804,-78.485724,-78.485535,-78.485409,-78.485332,-78.485214,-78.485071,-78.485028,-78.484863,-78.484558,-78.484292,-78.483919,-78.483908,-78.483499,-78.483388,-78.483362,-78.483287,-78.48293,-78.482741,-78.482685,-78.482589,-78.482494,-78.481953,-78.481695,-78.481444,-78.481126,-78.480311,-78.479785,-78.479334,-78.479095,-78.478185,-78.477732,-78.477663,-78.477353,-78.476587,-78.47637,-78.475989,-78.475847,-78.475757,-78.475592,-78.475397,-78.475128,-78.475063,-78.474411,-78.474009,-78.473291,-78.4732,-78.472243,-78.471711,-78.471591,-78.47154,-78.471561,-78.471613,-78.471626,-78.471868,-78.471991,-78.472108,-78.471769,-78.471816,-78.472017,-78.472059,-78.472166,-78.472584,-78.473057,-78.473218,-78.473576,-78.473702,-78.473642,-78.473726,-78.473857,-78.473951,-78.474408,-78.474933,-78.475694,-78.476265,-78.476534,-78.477442,-78.47763,-78.477845,-78.478086,-78.47897,-78.479104,-78.479373,-78.479575,-78.479578,-78.47976,-78.480673,-78.48249,-78.484284,-78.484822,-78.484918,-78.484947,-78.485104,-78.485499,-78.485642,-78.486103,-78.486419,-78.486461,-78.486567,-78.486844,-78.486891,-78.48715,-78.486336,-78.486435,-78.486353,-78.486562,-78.4874,-78.487553,-78.487637,-78.487606,-78.487726,-78.488719,-78.489319,-78.489761,-78.490165,-78.490484,-78.490722,-78.490795,-78.49184,-78.492585,-78.492658,-78.49317,-78.494192,-78.494624,-78.494907,-78.495212,-78.495557,-78.496683,-78.497313,-78.497426,-78.49758,-78.498071,-78.49834,-78.498891,-78.5,-78.500601,-78.501108,-78.501307,-78.501662,-78.501959,-78.502667,-78.503177,-78.503363,-78.503711,-78.503801,-78.504058,-78.506071,-78.506571,-78.506695,-78.509702,-78.510069,-78.510402,-78.510494,-78.510564,-78.510603,-78.510479,-78.510562,-78.510864,-78.511491,-78.511637,-78.511761,-78.511907,-78.5127,-78.514334,-78.514768,-78.514979,-78.515088,-78.515092,-78.515192,-78.515457,-78.51557,-78.516084,-78.517351,-78.517606,-78.517832,-78.518042,-78.518805,-78.519357,-78.519491,-78.519527,-78.520269,-78.520939,-78.52176,-78.522192,-78.522265,-78.522533,-78.522956,-78.523853,-78.524321,-78.524663,-78.524684,-78.524999,-78.525465,-78.525606,-78.525492,-78.52509,-78.524684,-78.524259,-78.523725,-78.522352,-78.521416,-78.520261,-78.519947,-78.519407,-78.518641,-78.518146,-78.517953,-78.517887,-78.518055,-78.518558,-78.518846,-78.52075,-78.5209,-78.521051,-78.521638,-78.522752,-78.522985,-78.523828,-78.525405,-78.525926,-78.527997,-78.528521,-78.528944,-78.529339,-78.529412,-78.530264,-78.53111,-78.532105,-78.532944,-78.533722,-78.534084,-78.53493,-78.535003,-78.53565,-78.535723,-78.536469,-78.536889,-78.537574,-78.538118,-78.53875,-78.539564,-78.540001,-78.540628,-78.540824,-78.542108,-78.544402,-78.545261,-78.545515,-78.545788,-78.546221,-78.546894,-78.547415,-78.548084,-78.548308,-78.548482,-78.548241,-78.548314,-78.548214,-78.548218,-78.548321,-78.548495,-78.549273,-78.549383,-78.549263,-78.548245,-78.548217,-78.548162,-78.548241,-78.5482,-78.548377,-78.548742,-78.54923,-78.54958,-78.551003,-78.551989,-78.552686,-78.553123,-78.553932,-78.554357,-78.554583,-78.554742,-78.554966,-78.555536,-78.556405,-78.556661,-78.556687,-78.555624,-78.554742,-78.55437,-78.554194,-78.554144,-78.553779,-78.553671,-78.553688,-78.553979,-78.554372,-78.554697,-78.554757,-78.554978,-78.555349,-78.555613,-78.556014,-78.556331,-78.557088,-78.557963,-78.558335,-78.558722,-78.55935,-78.559868,-78.560598,-78.560957,-78.561201,-78.561566,-78.561572,-78.561174,-78.560707,-78.559856,-78.559342,-78.55895,-78.558099,-78.557649,-78.556965,-78.556744,-78.556674,-78.55661,-78.556903,-78.557419,-78.557842,-78.557915,-78.558453,-78.559496,-78.559583,-78.559742,-78.559767,-78.560136,-78.560317,-78.560711,-78.561897,-78.562211,-78.562612,-78.562798,-78.562892,-78.562846,-78.563063,-78.563209,-78.563652,-78.564389,-78.564535,-78.564477,-78.564533,-78.564716,-78.565114,-78.565443,-78.565376,-78.564954,-78.564748,-78.564987,-78.565231,-78.565761,-78.566412,-78.566905,-78.567387,-78.567689,-78.568175,-78.568355,-78.568875,-78.568933,-78.569048,-78.569751,-78.570003,-78.570227,-78.570423,-78.571184,-78.571922,-78.572086,-78.572178,-78.572154,-78.57198,-78.571112,-78.570697,-78.568779,-78.567357,-78.56613,-78.566065,-78.566115,-78.566624,-78.56696,-78.567376,-78.568077,-78.568557,-78.569393,-78.570111,-78.570996,-78.571399,-78.57155,-78.572321,-78.572666,-78.572684,-78.572984,-78.573245,-78.573682,-78.574143,-78.575034,-78.575512,-78.575934,-78.57602,-78.576233,-78.577506,-78.578187,-78.578259,-78.578715,-78.578951,-78.579167,-78.579333,-78.579517,-78.579178,-78.579208,-78.579083,-78.578865,-78.578558,-78.57794,-78.577479,-78.577409,-78.576771,-78.576314,-78.576196,-78.575703,-78.575516,-78.575189,-78.575105,-78.575303,-78.57589,-78.576214,-78.576516,-78.576664,-78.576947,-78.577382,-78.577593,-78.577452,-78.577525,-78.577497,-78.577652,-78.577883,-78.57843,-78.578711,-78.579113,-78.579357,-78.580094,-78.58079,-78.581149,-78.581664,-78.583449,-78.583522,-78.583786,-78.583876,-78.584096,-78.584611,-78.584978,-78.585463,-78.586202,-78.586337,-78.587144,-78.587233,-78.587601,-78.588024,-78.588468,-78.589105,-78.58954,-78.591483,-78.591601,-78.591702,-78.591669,-78.590904,-78.590825,-78.590497,-78.590136,-78.589973,-78.589834,-78.589081,-78.588598,-78.5884,-78.588294,-78.588244,-78.588138,-78.587955,-78.58784,-78.587601,-78.587486,-78.587227,-78.587121,-78.586747,-78.586358,-78.585672,-78.584981,-78.584805,-78.583857,-78.583239,-78.582822,-78.582634,-78.581731,-78.581121,-78.580945,-78.580828,-78.581283,-78.581861,-78.582228,-78.582539,-78.583077,-78.583521,-78.584067,-78.584193,-78.584677,-78.584909,-78.585075,-78.585728,-78.586482,-78.587298,-78.587517,-78.588258,-78.588681,-78.589382,-78.589708,-78.589815,-78.589918,-78.590281,-78.591596,-78.592314,-78.592558,-78.592704,-78.59256,-78.592706,-78.59295,-78.59339,-78.593766,-78.594113,-78.594382,-78.594436,-78.594834,-78.595126,-78.595108,-78.595282,-78.595507,-78.595809,-78.597361,-78.599166,-78.599882,-78.600198,-78.600648,-78.600954,-78.601042,-78.601359,-78.601733,-78.602324,-78.60261,-78.602904,-78.603427,-78.603939,-78.60448,-78.604825,-78.604942,-78.60565,-78.605784,-78.6069,-78.607558,-78.609045,-78.610121,-78.610553,-78.61148,-78.611718,-78.612074,-78.612905,-78.613865,-78.6144,-78.61458,-78.61489,-78.615334,-78.615621,-78.616161,-78.616231,-78.616294,-78.615991,-78.616045,-78.61617,-78.61626,-78.616358,-78.616301,-78.616392,-78.61616,-78.616234,-78.616827,-78.618601,-78.618707,-78.618946,-78.619387,-78.619991,-78.620897,-78.621149,-78.621485,-78.622048,-78.623237,-78.623454,-78.623879,-78.624803,-78.625334,-78.62602,-78.626445,-78.626583,-78.627499,-78.627983,-78.628609,-78.628932,-78.629012,-78.629108,-78.629204,-78.629328,-78.629445,-78.629493,-78.629562,-78.629638,-78.629679,-78.629713,-78.629748,-78.629755,-78.629741,-78.629563,-78.629555,-78.629562,-78.629583,-78.629631,-78.6297,-78.630175,-78.630313,-78.630388,-78.630478,-78.630567,-78.63065,-78.630815,-78.630856,-78.631028,-78.631076,-78.631214,-78.631434,-78.631482,-78.631523,-78.631571,-78.631592,-78.631592,-78.631571,-78.631433,-78.631364,-78.631136,-78.630957,-78.630847,-78.630585,-78.630551,-78.630558,-78.630675,-78.630702,-78.630709,-78.630695,-78.630633,-78.630275,-78.630167,-78.630124,-78.630055,-78.630023,-78.629999,-78.629979,-78.630006,-78.630041,-78.630089,-78.630502,-78.630942,-78.631011,-78.631362,-78.631644,-78.631885,-78.632153,-78.63231,-78.632566,-78.633206,-78.633756,-78.634114,-78.63441,-78.634775,-78.634933,-78.635091,-78.635573,-78.635689,-78.635889,-78.636094,-78.636299,-78.636312,-78.636692,-78.637084,-78.63727,-78.637534,-78.637598,-78.637499,-78.637259,-78.637009,-78.63681,-78.636612,-78.636364,-78.636297,-78.636075,-78.635435,-78.635068,-78.635054,-78.635052,-78.635011,-78.635006,-78.635171,-78.635271,-78.635586,-78.635682,-78.636264,-78.637567,-78.637611,-78.638118,-78.638505,-78.638914,-78.639375,-78.639437,-78.63959,-78.639743,-78.63995,-78.640122,-78.640149,-78.640142,-78.640138,-78.640122,-78.640103,-78.64008,-78.639942,-78.639804,-78.639701,-78.639515,-78.639363,-78.639253,-78.639129,-78.639012,-78.638771,-78.638606,-78.638489,-78.638055,-78.637945,-78.637325,-78.637236,-78.637201,-78.637181,-78.637188,-78.637256,-78.637511,-78.637566,-78.637607,-78.637621,-78.637607,-78.63762,-78.637661,-78.637682,-78.63784,-78.637874,-78.637833,-78.637778,-78.637599,-78.637523,-78.637447,-78.637206,-78.636786,-78.636276,-78.636021,-78.635374,-78.635195,-78.634864,-78.634457,-78.634409,-78.634347,-78.634319,-78.63436,-78.634415,-78.634471,-78.634533,-78.635159,-78.635386,-78.63595,-78.636439,-78.636859,-78.637265,-78.637375,-78.637389,-78.637396,-78.637396,-78.63737,-78.637339,-78.637237,-78.637189,-78.637127,-78.637044,-78.636831,-78.636631,-78.636224,-78.635908,-78.635687,-78.635494,-78.63548,-78.635487,-78.635515,-78.635563,-78.635714,-78.636114,-78.636162,-78.636325,-78.636387,-78.637318,-78.637731,-78.637951,-78.638681,-78.639074,-78.639549,-78.639858,-78.640333,-78.640443,-78.640636,-78.641104,-78.641228,-78.641394,-78.641586,-78.642061,-78.642192,-78.642399,-78.64264,-78.642736,-78.64286,-78.644361,-78.64474,-78.644836,-78.644974,-78.645422,-78.645539,-78.645663,-78.646434,-78.646943,-78.64737,-78.647577,-78.64788,-78.647997,-78.648059,-78.648107,-78.648403,-78.648506,-78.648589,-78.648665,-78.649016,-78.64912,-78.649381,-78.649498,-78.649643,-78.649787,-78.650056,-78.650173,-78.65071,-78.650999,-78.651233,-78.651343,-78.651426,-78.651784,-78.65206,-78.652149,-78.652232,-78.652356,-78.652432,-78.65248,-78.652535,-78.653402,-78.653588,-78.653801,-78.654153,-78.654772,-78.654875,-78.655047,-78.655254,-78.655495,-78.655742,-78.655832,-78.655881,-78.655999,-78.656169,-78.656279,-78.656775,-78.656954,-78.657126,-78.657188,-78.657223,-78.657285,-78.657346,-78.657457,-78.658007,-78.658283,-78.658379,-78.658482,-78.658592,-78.658847,-78.658916,-78.658985,-78.659115,-78.659239,-78.659363,-78.659715,-78.65979,-78.66032,-78.660575,-78.660878,-78.661959,-78.662393,-78.662572,-78.66262,-78.662648,-78.662758,-78.662813,-78.662923,-78.663206,-78.663709,-78.663874,-78.66397,-78.664108,-78.664149,-78.664204,-78.66428,-78.664452,-78.6645,-78.664549,-78.66459,-78.664659,-78.664714,-78.664797,-78.664824,-78.664838,-78.664817,-78.664845,-78.664879,-78.664941,-78.665341,-78.66543,-78.66552,-78.665568,-78.665678,-78.665809,-78.666119,-78.666332,-78.66658,-78.666711,-78.666897,-78.667131,-78.667276,-78.667482,-78.667778,-78.668116,-78.668433,-78.668625,-78.668736,-78.668873,-78.669369,-78.669628,-78.669848,-78.669961,-78.670629,-78.671297,-78.671517,-78.671559,-78.671875,-78.672006,-78.672151,-78.672357,-78.672454,-78.672798,-78.673184,-78.673817,-78.674244,-78.674327,-78.674375,-78.674423,-78.674554,-78.67463,-78.674692,-78.674788,-78.675325,-78.675552,-78.675745,-78.676048,-78.676089,-78.67622,-78.676372,-78.676537,-78.676676,-78.677081,-78.677119,-78.677398,-78.677708,-78.678086,-78.678217,-78.678341,-78.6785,-78.678617,-78.679181,-78.679236,-78.679257,-78.679264,-78.679285,-78.679409,-78.679505,-78.67956,-78.679684,-78.679753,-78.679898,-78.680104,-78.680228,-78.680297,-78.680421,-78.68051,-78.680662,-78.680924,-78.681881,-78.682294,-78.682487,-78.683224,-78.683279,-78.683761,-78.683905,-78.683954,-78.683919,-78.683954,-78.683961,-78.683919,-78.683926,-78.684043,-78.684174,-78.684305,-78.684443,-78.684801,-78.684876,-78.685159,-78.685248,-78.685283,-78.685331,-78.685414,-78.685579,-78.685758,-78.686082,-78.686219,-78.686316,-78.686364,-78.686385,-78.686378,-78.686392,-78.686426,-78.686605,-78.686762,-78.686901,-78.687018,-78.687183,-78.687335,-78.687438,-78.687542,-78.687865,-78.688031,-78.688182,-78.688451,-78.688623,-78.688678,-78.688706,-78.688816,-78.688881,-78.688996,-78.689167,-78.689312,-78.689876,-78.689945,-78.69,-78.690028,-78.690069,-78.690124,-78.690269,-78.690301,-78.690427,-78.690593,-78.690848,-78.690937,-78.690937,-78.690992,-78.691047,-78.691109,-78.691213,-78.691454,-78.691667,-78.691812,-78.691833,-78.691819,-78.691846,-78.691895,-78.69195,-78.692232,-78.69237,-78.693121,-78.69352,-78.694092,-78.694395,-78.694671,-78.694726,-78.694884,-78.694919,-78.694987,-78.695022,-78.69518,-78.695325,-78.695587,-78.695899,-78.696,-78.696062,-78.696296,-78.696333,-78.696351,-78.696365,-78.696393,-78.696379,-78.696317,-78.696042,-78.696035,-78.696111,-78.696111,-78.696069,-78.695993,-78.695931,-78.695697,-78.695663,-78.695559,-78.695415,-78.695353,-78.695339,-78.695346,-78.69538,-78.695401,-78.695429,-78.69547,-78.695525,-78.695645,-78.69573,-78.695783,-78.696152,-78.696538,-78.696765,-78.697378,-78.69742,-78.697606,-78.697716,-78.698198,-78.698687,-78.698901,-78.699053,-78.699197,-78.699459,-78.699618,-78.699838,-78.699928,-78.70001,-78.700079,-78.700355,-78.700486,-78.700575,-78.700928,-78.701032,-78.701292,-78.701346,-78.70163,-78.701836,-78.702111,-78.702479,-78.702744,-78.702989,-78.703274,-78.70373,-78.704187,-78.705011,-78.706219,-78.709938,-78.712089,-78.715905,-78.720552,-78.726666,-78.727889,-78.728092,-78.728383,-78.729551,-78.729951,-78.73417,-78.739771,-78.741644,-78.742135,-78.743433,-78.747739,-78.748075,-78.748905,-78.749735,-78.758285,-78.76071,-78.760735,-78.761756,-78.762445,-78.76308,-78.763129,-78.768246,-78.768379,-78.769431,-78.769466,-78.769818,-78.769968,-78.77173,-78.772172,-78.774795,-78.775232,-78.777794,-78.781075,-78.783346,-78.784934,-78.785928,-78.786699,-78.786858,-78.788096,-78.788224,-78.788388,-78.788434,-78.788658,-78.789301,-78.789742,-78.791352,-78.791434,-78.791521,-78.793944,-78.794112,-78.794149,-78.794186,-78.795752,-78.795898,-78.800999,-78.80351,-78.803595,-78.803675,-78.804176,-78.811991,-78.812413,-78.814438,-78.818214,-78.820746,-78.822121,-78.822422,-78.822727,-78.82284,-78.822947,-78.823063,-78.823172,-78.824762,-78.825238,-78.825239,-78.825339,-78.825339,-78.825392,-78.825431,-78.825465,-78.825494,-78.8255,-78.825506,-78.825539,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825339,-78.824871,-78.824862,-78.82474,-78.82424,-78.824116,-78.824092,-78.82224,-78.821294,-78.821216,-78.821197,-78.820842,-78.819443,-78.818234,-78.818214,-78.818184,-78.818142,-78.817945,-78.817933,-78.817916,-78.817733,-78.817391,-78.817377,-78.817361,-78.815536,-78.815337,-78.81532,-78.815261,-78.814866,-78.814857,-78.814834,-78.814795,-78.814779,-78.814636,-78.81364,-78.81324,-78.81324,-78.813312,-78.813314,-78.813316,-78.813338,-78.813339,-78.81345,-78.813738,-78.81375,-78.814238,-78.814939,-78.815853,-78.816639,-78.81672,-78.8168,-78.816975,-78.817439,-78.818639,-78.820039,-78.820638,-78.821236,-78.821339,-78.822639,-78.823639,-78.824839,-78.825035,-78.825683,-78.825694,-78.825967,-78.826239,-78.826528,-78.826818,-78.827139,-78.828339,-78.828835,-78.829339,-78.829454,-78.830339,-78.830411,-78.830839,-78.830846,-78.831131,-78.831189,-78.831243,-78.831312,-78.832467,-78.832611,-78.832667,-78.83315,-78.833322,-78.833365,-78.833358],"lat":[37.587932,37.588439,37.589147,37.58924,37.58943,37.59007,37.590542,37.591242,37.593242,37.594516,37.594642,37.594679,37.594838,37.594997,37.595264,37.595322,37.595342,37.595415,37.595564,37.595712,37.596042,37.596597,37.596741,37.597041,37.597241,37.597356,37.597523,37.597545,37.59757,37.597614,37.597641,37.59817,37.598177,37.598192,37.598198,37.598204,37.598344,37.598389,37.598529,37.598601,37.598655,37.598665,37.598941,37.599441,37.600108,37.600364,37.600395,37.600443,37.601741,37.602729,37.602744,37.604441,37.605741,37.606341,37.607341,37.608141,37.608741,37.609264,37.60934,37.60974,37.609854,37.610257,37.61074,37.61114,37.61174,37.61224,37.61264,37.61364,37.61404,37.61454,37.614575,37.61474,37.61544,37.61584,37.616342,37.616552,37.616589,37.616683,37.616869,37.617715,37.618287,37.618524,37.618623,37.618992,37.619002,37.619142,37.619176,37.619642,37.620442,37.621142,37.621742,37.622742,37.623342,37.624142,37.625242,37.625942,37.626964,37.627096,37.627229,37.627442,37.629442,37.630548,37.630642,37.631842,37.632742,37.632969,37.633642,37.634139,37.634642,37.63541,37.635688,37.635742,37.635817,37.637142,37.639542,37.639605,37.639671,37.639737,37.64044,37.641142,37.641214,37.641232,37.641236,37.641244,37.641942,37.642033,37.64218,37.642326,37.642342,37.642374,37.642384,37.642395,37.642518,37.642642,37.642638,37.642634,37.642588,37.642542,37.642038,37.640935,37.640378,37.640343,37.639733,37.63873,37.638226,37.6382,37.638197,37.638136,37.638097,37.638093,37.638073,37.638071,37.638045,37.638042,37.638194,37.638232,37.638539,37.638725,37.638744,37.638678,37.638673,37.638616,37.638559,37.638548,37.638442,37.637894,37.637818,37.637642,37.637006,37.636976,37.636942,37.636542,37.636142,37.636047,37.635952,37.635947,37.635942,37.635924,37.635907,37.635642,37.63561,37.635349,37.635088,37.635065,37.635042,37.634942,37.634792,37.634742,37.634742,37.634642,37.634542,37.634442,37.634242,37.633842,37.633542,37.633142,37.632842,37.632642,37.632442,37.632292,37.632276,37.632242,37.632229,37.632226,37.632209,37.632142,37.632042,37.632029,37.632027,37.632025,37.632019,37.631997,37.631942,37.631928,37.631926,37.631924,37.631918,37.631842,37.63175,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631642,37.631542,37.631642,37.631742,37.63187,37.631942,37.632042,37.632242,37.632442,37.632442,37.633042,37.633243,37.633257,37.633342,37.633442,37.633542,37.633609,37.633616,37.633642,37.633679,37.633687,37.633691,37.633693,37.633696,37.633698,37.633742,37.633766,37.633842,37.633843,37.633845,37.633851,37.633876,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.63401,37.63403,37.634035,37.634036,37.634043,37.634043,37.634024,37.634015,37.634004,37.633985,37.633943,37.633943,37.634043,37.633993,37.633968,37.63396,37.63395,37.633943,37.634077,37.634133,37.634138,37.634143,37.634218,37.634263,37.634293,37.634314,37.634362,37.634383,37.634443,37.634576,37.634609,37.634643,37.634666,37.634743,37.63481,37.634843,37.635143,37.635206,37.635214,37.635379,37.635386,37.635087,37.634858,37.634217,37.633762,37.63362,37.633558,37.633499,37.633451,37.633409,37.63339,37.633441,37.633439,37.633412,37.633408,37.633404,37.633415,37.633481,37.633557,37.63367,37.633912,37.633971,37.634016,37.634048,37.634035,37.634008,37.633967,37.633907,37.63386,37.633795,37.633724,37.633399,37.632675,37.632565,37.632457,37.632043,37.631578,37.630862,37.630279,37.630206,37.630084,37.629961,37.629891,37.629781,37.629677,37.629581,37.629101,37.629016,37.628923,37.628823,37.62857,37.62809,37.627926,37.627725,37.62753,37.626849,37.626685,37.626516,37.62599,37.625844,37.625753,37.625646,37.625398,37.625126,37.624992,37.624822,37.624674,37.624434,37.623472,37.62332,37.623069,37.622584,37.621932,37.621706,37.621579,37.621408,37.621201,37.620281,37.620073,37.619845,37.619733,37.619627,37.619546,37.619432,37.619397,37.619314,37.619243,37.619143,37.619057,37.618978,37.618934,37.618877,37.618808,37.618727,37.618649,37.61854,37.618426,37.617993,37.61757,37.617313,37.617145,37.61701,37.616791,37.616579,37.616477,37.616227,37.61614,37.61605,37.615972,37.615907,37.615854,37.615815,37.615793,37.615773,37.615745,37.615733,37.615739,37.615759,37.615846,37.615909,37.615913,37.615902,37.615864,37.615812,37.615701,37.615471,37.615405,37.61532,37.615149,37.615004,37.613578,37.613347,37.612863,37.612727,37.612407,37.612287,37.612134,37.611798,37.611614,37.610771,37.610485,37.610198,37.609822,37.609597,37.609543,37.609081,37.608904,37.608685,37.608599,37.607721,37.607668,37.607531,37.607305,37.60716,37.607015,37.606731,37.60645,37.606226,37.606021,37.605822,37.605544,37.605171,37.605071,37.604818,37.60462,37.604381,37.604241,37.604104,37.603991,37.603728,37.603493,37.603312,37.602888,37.602481,37.602287,37.602115,37.601931,37.601563,37.601248,37.601031,37.600735,37.6005,37.599976,37.59961,37.599255,37.598681,37.59849,37.598369,37.598207,37.598109,37.597967,37.597861,37.597621,37.59744,37.597177,37.596764,37.596521,37.596427,37.59619,37.595459,37.59511,37.594969,37.594842,37.594776,37.594716,37.594686,37.594672,37.594667,37.594669,37.594691,37.594732,37.594829,37.594873,37.594939,37.594969,37.594987,37.594988,37.594968,37.594888,37.594842,37.594752,37.594614,37.594491,37.594226,37.594103,37.594028,37.593894,37.593783,37.593616,37.593541,37.593492,37.593353,37.593288,37.593165,37.593132,37.593066,37.592945,37.592883,37.592847,37.592794,37.592712,37.592568,37.592412,37.592222,37.591964,37.590961,37.590414,37.589048,37.588661,37.588435,37.587927,37.587736,37.587338,37.58639,37.585533,37.584677,37.583717,37.58314,37.582221,37.581747,37.581424,37.581227,37.580995,37.580905,37.580616,37.580358,37.579989,37.579722,37.579617,37.579496,37.57943,37.579298,37.579159,37.579011,37.578832,37.578698,37.578365,37.578169,37.578015,37.577815,37.577612,37.577591,37.577437,37.577323,37.577192,37.576945,37.576267,37.576148,37.576044,37.575954,37.575811,37.575647,37.575606,37.575571,37.575555,37.575549,37.575554,37.57556,37.575569,37.575565,37.575548,37.575534,37.575501,37.575463,37.575402,37.575337,37.575261,37.575209,37.575065,37.574983,37.575502,37.576015,37.576527,37.576742,37.576958,37.577127,37.57732,37.577722,37.57796,37.578079,37.578197,37.578314,37.578547,37.579186,37.579369,37.579491,37.579677,37.580352,37.580452,37.58055,37.580607,37.580663,37.580712,37.580763,37.580857,37.580937,37.581008,37.581041,37.581068,37.581093,37.581134,37.581166,37.581233,37.581318,37.58137,37.58139,37.581387,37.581372,37.581324,37.581316,37.581322,37.581324,37.581312,37.581282,37.581212,37.581212,37.581226,37.581235,37.581351,37.58138,37.581405,37.581556,37.581693,37.581788,37.581901,37.581949,37.583233,37.583598,37.583977,37.584684,37.585281,37.585572,37.585813,37.585899,37.585952,37.586362,37.586641,37.586784,37.586926,37.586984,37.58702,37.587053,37.587073,37.587072,37.587045,37.586946,37.586941,37.586894,37.586887,37.586834,37.586733,37.586695,37.58667,37.58665,37.58667,37.587351,37.587717,37.588024,37.588229,37.589827,37.591043,37.592164,37.59251,37.592718,37.593363,37.594097,37.594649,37.594892,37.595038,37.595282,37.595524,37.595635,37.595981,37.596315,37.596493,37.596714,37.596936,37.597157,37.597621,37.597714,37.598107,37.598969,37.599278,37.599582,37.599796,37.600047,37.600292,37.600904,37.601674,37.602165,37.602907,37.603259,37.603821,37.604195,37.604898,37.605343,37.605885,37.606828,37.607053,37.60717,37.607281,37.607422,37.607719,37.608017,37.608315,37.608434,37.609445,37.609726,37.610526,37.610846,37.611026,37.611248,37.611468,37.611642,37.61191,37.612172,37.612869,37.613907,37.614208,37.614893,37.615308,37.6159,37.6162,37.616737,37.617282,37.618381,37.619119,37.620991,37.621493,37.62167,37.621916,37.622006,37.622157,37.622264,37.622537,37.623815,37.623909,37.623983,37.624073,37.62414,37.624402,37.624474,37.624732,37.625144,37.625247,37.625285,37.625291,37.625255,37.625241,37.625225,37.62528,37.625252,37.625144,37.625067,37.625034,37.624985,37.624914,37.624678,37.624585,37.624486,37.624447,37.624381,37.624332,37.624228,37.624008,37.623514,37.623437,37.623311,37.62319,37.623108,37.623042,37.622998,37.622976,37.622987,37.623042,37.623009,37.62302,37.62313,37.623207,37.623196,37.623069,37.623047,37.623042,37.623047,37.623086,37.623256,37.623258,37.623273,37.623328,37.623388,37.623449,37.623476,37.623542,37.623542,37.623471,37.62346,37.623471,37.623503,37.623542,37.623602,37.623657,37.623915,37.623954,37.62402,37.624152,37.624201,37.624289,37.624305,37.624283,37.62425,37.624201,37.624135,37.62391,37.623542,37.623438,37.623344,37.62333,37.623289,37.623267,37.623251,37.623311,37.623394,37.623482,37.623454,37.623372,37.623257,37.62313,37.622911,37.622801,37.622669,37.622581,37.622515,37.622329,37.622175,37.621746,37.621691,37.621631,37.62156,37.621076,37.620923,37.620659,37.620489,37.620308,37.620017,37.619896,37.619797,37.619127,37.618929,37.61871,37.618369,37.617957,37.617869,37.617611,37.617523,37.617348,37.616617,37.616409,37.61626,37.615925,37.615728,37.615508,37.615475,37.615459,37.615491,37.615546,37.615695,37.61598,37.616019,37.616052,37.616046,37.615969,37.61592,37.615887,37.615854,37.615832,37.615794,37.6157,37.615052,37.614898,37.614876,37.614876,37.614915,37.615025,37.615167,37.615415,37.615491,37.615568,37.615557,37.615535,37.615447,37.615266,37.615162,37.614904,37.614887,37.614887,37.614843,37.614756,37.61464,37.614618,37.614607,37.614618,37.614684,37.61469,37.614684,37.614662,37.614607,37.614602,37.61458,37.614541,37.614497,37.614448,37.614311,37.614256,37.614228,37.614206,37.614168,37.614058,37.614036,37.61402,37.613992,37.613954,37.613866,37.613844,37.613833,37.613805,37.613602,37.613492,37.613333,37.613421,37.613564,37.613597,37.613602,37.613597,37.613481,37.613448,37.613465,37.613541,37.613569,37.613585,37.613618,37.613778,37.613794,37.613789,37.613783,37.613789,37.613805,37.613827,37.613849,37.613898,37.614091,37.614145,37.614206,37.614262,37.614546,37.614673,37.614716,37.614719,37.614722,37.614711,37.614689,37.614607,37.614601,37.614645,37.614727,37.614897,37.614941,37.615046,37.615073,37.615095,37.61509,37.615073,37.615046,37.614996,37.614919,37.614815,37.614551,37.614447,37.614365,37.614343,37.614348,37.614387,37.614524,37.614573,37.614639,37.61459,37.61459,37.614639,37.614798,37.614935,37.615259,37.615402,37.615457,37.61555,37.615732,37.616204,37.6165,37.616687,37.617269,37.617418,37.617742,37.618099,37.618219,37.61834,37.61845,37.618549,37.618697,37.618757,37.618818,37.618944,37.619043,37.619092,37.619125,37.619142,37.619191,37.61918,37.619202,37.619509,37.619531,37.619548,37.619531,37.619487,37.619405,37.619279,37.619174,37.61902,37.618702,37.618652,37.618614,37.618548,37.618526,37.618581,37.618674,37.618696,37.618619,37.618564,37.618509,37.618415,37.618273,37.618086,37.617927,37.617591,37.617311,37.617163,37.617114,37.617092,37.617103,37.617081,37.616982,37.616971,37.616976,37.617037,37.617042,37.616987,37.616932,37.616647,37.616586,37.616487,37.616316,37.616048,37.615944,37.615812,37.61574,37.615592,37.615378,37.615279,37.61512,37.615043,37.614614,37.614373,37.614329,37.614219,37.61418,37.613878,37.613768,37.613648,37.613461,37.613378,37.613181,37.613093,37.613027,37.613005,37.61301,37.613076,37.613213,37.613526,37.61374,37.614218,37.614492,37.614986,37.615442,37.615683,37.615859,37.616611,37.617193,37.617462,37.6176,37.617869,37.618094,37.618467,37.618533,37.618588,37.618615,37.618621,37.618599,37.618439,37.618362,37.618291,37.618225,37.618027,37.617994,37.617978,37.617983,37.618005,37.618086,37.618104,37.618126,37.61812,37.618082,37.618005,37.617692,37.617604,37.6175,37.617445,37.617417,37.617412,37.617417,37.617428,37.617477,37.617587,37.617675,37.617697,37.617714,37.617703,37.617565,37.617527,37.617488,37.617444,37.617433,37.617449,37.61762,37.617647,37.617669,37.617663,37.617625,37.617581,37.617328,37.617235,37.617164,37.617015,37.616861,37.616779,37.616736,37.616838,37.616921,37.616951,37.617091,37.617206,37.617279,37.617317,37.617333,37.617347,37.617356,37.617357,37.617352,37.617344,37.61731,37.617133,37.617081,37.617063,37.617052,37.61705,37.617066,37.617077,37.617114,37.617165,37.617273,37.617285,37.617289,37.617284,37.617284,37.617292,37.617324,37.617334,37.617332,37.617299,37.617238,37.617024,37.616898,37.616785,37.616725,37.616661,37.616542,37.616469,37.616417,37.616249,37.616045,37.61599,37.615902,37.615103,37.615044,37.61499,37.614732,37.614677,37.61456,37.614508,37.614475,37.61445,37.614363,37.614151,37.614094,37.614032,37.614004,37.613881,37.613826,37.613706,37.613567,37.613544,37.613486,37.613434,37.613351,37.613274,37.613219,37.613154,37.613128,37.613127,37.613135,37.61315,37.613158,37.613176,37.613188,37.613277,37.613331,37.613511,37.613544,37.613669,37.613736,37.613767,37.61403,37.614801,37.615253,37.615494,37.616089,37.617001,37.617212,37.617387,37.617633,37.617668,37.617739,37.617876,37.618259,37.61833,37.618397,37.6185,37.618939,37.619003,37.619135,37.619587,37.619649,37.620211,37.620406,37.620436,37.620517,37.620665,37.620831,37.621053,37.621155,37.621244,37.62127,37.621288,37.621314,37.621325,37.621321,37.621276,37.621253,37.621223,37.621169,37.621138,37.621082,37.620986,37.620925,37.620891,37.62083,37.620795,37.620735,37.620638,37.620575,37.620541,37.620479,37.620347,37.620158,37.620069,37.619664,37.619282,37.618963,37.618793,37.618741,37.618646,37.618624,37.618519,37.618332,37.618178,37.618016,37.617882,37.61781,37.617783,37.61764,37.617571,37.617448,37.617389,37.617367,37.617369,37.617389,37.617423,37.617466,37.617684,37.61775,37.617808,37.617884,37.617979,37.618021,37.618072,37.618088,37.618093,37.618044,37.618009,37.617988,37.617957,37.617904,37.617807,37.617706,37.617652,37.617622,37.617591,37.617585,37.617592,37.61761,37.61764,37.617678,37.617725,37.617802,37.617888,37.617985,37.618054,37.618124,37.61823,37.618441,37.618476,37.618582,37.618687,37.619001,37.619245,37.619558,37.619787,37.619835,37.619904,37.619939,37.620007,37.620042,37.620145,37.620179,37.620248,37.620491,37.620525,37.620907,37.620977,37.621186,37.621255,37.621325,37.621569,37.621709,37.621779,37.622394,37.6225,37.622605,37.623267,37.623302,37.623407,37.624064,37.624202,37.624271,37.624375,37.624443,37.624912,37.624977,37.625181,37.625214,37.625296,37.625338,37.625394,37.625409,37.625428,37.625379,37.625346,37.625331,37.625384,37.625386,37.625375,37.625348,37.625322,37.625258,37.625219,37.625071,37.625016,37.624874,37.624857,37.624846,37.624834,37.624834,37.624858,37.624908,37.624925,37.624919,37.624909,37.624855,37.624781,37.624665,37.624222,37.624072,37.623905,37.623776,37.623357,37.62305,37.622842,37.622734,37.622337,37.622023,37.621691,37.62143,37.621257,37.621029,37.620772,37.620491,37.620313,37.620068,37.620036,37.619879,37.619791,37.619713,37.619629,37.619482,37.619178,37.619122,37.619049,37.619004,37.618968,37.618925,37.618892,37.618876,37.618867,37.618858,37.618787,37.618779,37.618779,37.618789,37.618826,37.618884,37.618958,37.619075,37.61919,37.619134,37.619113,37.618723,37.618652,37.618506,37.618316,37.618176,37.618003,37.617822,37.617626,37.617426,37.617196,37.616908,37.616728,37.616549,37.616303,37.61622,37.616066,37.615902,37.615677,37.615583,37.614975,37.614151,37.61305,37.612284,37.612015,37.611834,37.611278,37.6107,37.610048,37.60945,37.609077,37.607442,37.607179,37.606214,37.605589,37.605335,37.605096,37.604797,37.604551,37.604495,37.604023,37.603272,37.602978,37.602264,37.601427,37.600911,37.60066,37.600139,37.600049,37.599547,37.599316,37.599129,37.598908,37.598108,37.597752,37.595912,37.595317,37.594993,37.594491,37.594197,37.59375,37.592391,37.590284,37.589773,37.58922,37.589015,37.588257,37.588009,37.587726,37.587481,37.587167,37.586464,37.585878,37.58562,37.585445,37.585225,37.584974,37.584644,37.584497,37.584316,37.584272,37.584069,37.583903,37.583609,37.583411,37.582261,37.582022,37.580814,37.579322,37.578329,37.578218,37.577885,37.576185,37.575041,37.574895,37.573042,37.572892,37.572318,37.572167,37.571531,37.570172,37.569795,37.569555,37.569241,37.568705,37.56834,37.567938,37.567547,37.567171,37.567022,37.566994,37.566789,37.564675,37.564132,37.563854,37.563517,37.561935,37.561549,37.561392,37.560892,37.560817,37.56052,37.5603,37.559931,37.558897,37.558449,37.558031,37.556859,37.55626,37.555738,37.554629,37.554216,37.553111,37.552252,37.551491,37.550807,37.550733,37.550513,37.550228,37.548804,37.548382,37.548232,37.548046,37.547878,37.547716,37.54752,37.547334,37.547193,37.54706,37.546964,37.546655,37.546367,37.546168,37.545332,37.544376,37.54425,37.544125,37.543962,37.54393,37.543885,37.543807,37.543767,37.543741,37.543714,37.543673,37.543557,37.54338,37.542938,37.542372,37.541577,37.539996,37.539725,37.538776,37.538433,37.537985,37.537587,37.537389,37.536453,37.535757,37.535493,37.53541,37.535147,37.534829,37.534633,37.534444,37.534153,37.533741,37.533609,37.533507,37.533237,37.532533,37.532264,37.532022,37.531783,37.531638,37.531398,37.531291,37.531068,37.53104,37.53085,37.530662,37.530531,37.530348,37.530224,37.529918,37.529515,37.529205,37.529068,37.528972,37.528894,37.528764,37.528692,37.528508,37.528259,37.528123,37.527915,37.527741,37.527601,37.526766,37.526216,37.525891,37.525667,37.525451,37.525399,37.525106,37.524923,37.524639,37.524335,37.524183,37.523793,37.523536,37.523208,37.522742,37.522529,37.522169,37.52198,37.521722,37.521559,37.521413,37.521032,37.520779,37.520545,37.520257,37.520135,37.519811,37.519543,37.519365,37.5192,37.518928,37.518633,37.518332,37.517167,37.514805,37.513978,37.51364,37.511067,37.510935,37.510645,37.510362,37.510141,37.509871,37.50972,37.509482,37.509253,37.509011,37.508953,37.508743,37.508549,37.508366,37.508129,37.507644,37.507284,37.506984,37.506865,37.506759,37.506666,37.506586,37.506511,37.506402,37.506329,37.506291,37.506231,37.506156,37.506068,37.505968,37.505865,37.50575,37.50565,37.505516,37.505372,37.505249,37.505121,37.504988,37.50485,37.50467,37.50444,37.504242,37.504126,37.503875,37.503667,37.503456,37.502961,37.500985,37.500653,37.500322,37.499993,37.499759,37.49947,37.499185,37.498906,37.498679,37.497882,37.497019,37.496832,37.496581,37.496262,37.495939,37.495547,37.495262,37.494895,37.494526,37.494155,37.493162,37.492966,37.491298,37.488512,37.487503,37.487044,37.486396,37.486226,37.485895,37.485567,37.485241,37.484918,37.484598,37.484228,37.483949,37.481478,37.481311,37.48022,37.479674,37.478598,37.476744,37.476554,37.476236,37.475952,37.475654,37.475262,37.475068,37.473535,37.471578,37.469892,37.469184,37.467712,37.466112,37.46581,37.465455,37.465202,37.464952,37.464707,37.464468,37.464282,37.463498,37.462787,37.460842,37.460688,37.460469,37.459796,37.459501,37.459173,37.458693,37.458153,37.457771,37.457131,37.456864,37.456121,37.455808,37.455155,37.454168,37.454104,37.453821,37.453201,37.452621,37.452021,37.45182,37.451465,37.450808,37.450175,37.449471,37.447968,37.447585,37.446974,37.446548,37.445395,37.444926,37.444614,37.444228,37.442602,37.441822,37.438946,37.437964,37.437134,37.436963,37.436674,37.436455,37.436163,37.435946,37.43559,37.435298,37.435092,37.434966,37.434756,37.433376,37.432543,37.431955,37.431285,37.430582,37.430262,37.429807,37.429552,37.429214,37.429173,37.428379,37.42821,37.427873,37.427548,37.427116,37.426593,37.426176,37.425993,37.425537,37.425,37.42433,37.422465,37.422011,37.420353,37.419806,37.418818,37.417906,37.417656,37.417274,37.417054,37.416831,37.416634,37.41644,37.41573,37.415541,37.415096,37.41484,37.414495,37.414329,37.41386,37.411556,37.410629,37.41061,37.410466,37.410122,37.40983,37.409768,37.409574,37.408563,37.408326,37.408144,37.407986,37.407822,37.407659,37.407527,37.407303,37.407138,37.407075,37.406821,37.406717,37.406531,37.406385,37.406165,37.405958,37.405744,37.405495,37.405336,37.404517,37.403575,37.403131,37.402865,37.402392,37.402323,37.402204,37.402038,37.401604,37.401451,37.401282,37.401144,37.401003,37.400701,37.40063,37.400485,37.400339,37.4001,37.399922,37.399471,37.399242,37.398949,37.398812,37.398638,37.398506,37.398386,37.398332,37.398251,37.398104,37.397953,37.397715,37.397668,37.397611,37.397518,37.39736,37.397181,37.396978,37.396689,37.396155,37.395046,37.394668,37.394275,37.394054,37.393962,37.393727,37.39354,37.393442,37.393199,37.39295,37.392686,37.392347,37.391857,37.39145,37.391271,37.390854,37.390388,37.389063,37.388629,37.388162,37.387357,37.386945,37.386721,37.386514,37.386368,37.385977,37.385655,37.384958,37.384334,37.383452,37.38294,37.381734,37.381082,37.380978,37.380646,37.380333,37.379965,37.379052,37.378477,37.377926,37.377604,37.377034,37.376702,37.376367,37.376074,37.37601,37.374689,37.374461,37.373813,37.373073,37.37247,37.37201,37.371565,37.37085,37.370556,37.369984,37.369796,37.369527,37.369124,37.368566,37.368271,37.368044,37.367763,37.367226,37.366746,37.366449,37.366183,37.365809,37.365081,37.364628,37.364387,37.364064,37.363713,37.363607,37.363183,37.362428,37.361754,37.360854,37.360827,37.359834,37.359577,37.359515,37.35934,37.358553,37.358176,37.358064,37.357878,37.357694,37.356688,37.356231,37.355805,37.355296,37.354052,37.353243,37.35256,37.352183,37.350799,37.350098,37.349991,37.349525,37.348347,37.348032,37.34744,37.347227,37.347092,37.346813,37.34651,37.346093,37.345993,37.344997,37.344399,37.343286,37.343148,37.341699,37.340881,37.340703,37.340623,37.340612,37.340584,37.340577,37.340447,37.34032,37.339829,37.339307,37.338914,37.338653,37.338478,37.338421,37.337247,37.336627,37.336142,37.335613,37.335087,37.334751,37.334401,37.334238,37.334168,37.334235,37.334395,37.334507,37.334445,37.334484,37.334762,37.334789,37.334821,37.334783,37.334281,37.334206,37.334245,37.334565,37.334747,37.334955,37.335597,37.337314,37.338738,37.339398,37.339775,37.340433,37.340746,37.34084,37.340825,37.340638,37.340285,37.340109,37.340052,37.339174,37.338992,37.337995,37.336351,37.335349,37.33472,37.333842,37.332658,37.332208,37.331857,37.331598,37.331289,37.330817,37.329852,37.329553,37.329612,37.329721,37.329802,37.329885,37.330365,37.330546,37.330629,37.330813,37.330998,37.331303,37.331502,37.331682,37.331887,37.332415,37.332907,37.332995,37.33314,37.333598,37.333637,37.333463,37.33331,37.333219,37.333038,37.333041,37.333047,37.333163,37.333302,37.333304,37.333268,37.3332,37.333214,37.333106,37.332637,37.33246,37.332416,37.331353,37.331223,37.331044,37.330994,37.330896,37.330538,37.330084,37.329734,37.329632,37.329724,37.32989,37.330344,37.330511,37.33088,37.331808,37.332126,37.332411,37.332535,37.332549,37.332877,37.333216,37.333322,37.333806,37.334717,37.335008,37.335622,37.335907,37.336599,37.337006,37.337159,37.3372,37.338047,37.338537,37.33899,37.339125,37.339209,37.339248,37.339418,37.339549,37.339726,37.339959,37.339973,37.340188,37.340764,37.341148,37.341821,37.342343,37.342683,37.342912,37.343016,37.342743,37.342389,37.341204,37.341158,37.341479,37.342166,37.342493,37.342719,37.343,37.34346,37.344078,37.344229,37.34454,37.344565,37.344514,37.344382,37.344181,37.344179,37.344338,37.344531,37.34468,37.345526,37.345856,37.346027,37.34612,37.346204,37.346328,37.346669,37.347358,37.348315,37.349336,37.34957,37.349911,37.349995,37.350198,37.350281,37.350462,37.350451,37.350296,37.35025,37.350032,37.349533,37.349451,37.349542,37.349498,37.348778,37.348095,37.347603,37.347313,37.346554,37.34629,37.346388,37.346536,37.346452,37.346485,37.346728,37.347746,37.347829,37.34825,37.349013,37.349754,37.349997,37.350038,37.350162,37.350472,37.35105,37.351169,37.351401,37.351848,37.352023,37.352449,37.352865,37.353153,37.353241,37.353302,37.353446,37.353438,37.353356,37.353075,37.352846,37.35248,37.352394,37.352426,37.352763,37.353398,37.353689,37.354165,37.354737,37.354935,37.355135,37.355291,37.355502,37.356066,37.356522,37.357033,37.357765,37.358257,37.35846,37.358498,37.358636,37.359138,37.359672,37.36013,37.360357,37.360685,37.360857,37.360903,37.361032,37.361123,37.361089,37.360941,37.360993,37.361138,37.361554,37.361918,37.362622,37.363026,37.363484,37.363699,37.363787,37.364245,37.364579,37.365314,37.365464,37.365562,37.366025,37.366358,37.366723,37.366894,37.366977,37.367055,37.366372,37.366203,37.366117,37.366012,37.36563,37.365257,37.364769,37.36407,37.364116,37.364574,37.364964,37.36574,37.366132,37.366781,37.366947,37.36723,37.367446,37.367612,37.367858,37.368011,37.368219,37.368495,37.368869,37.36915,37.369561,37.370039,37.3704,37.370545,37.370658,37.371043,37.371115,37.371039,37.370938,37.370646,37.370672,37.37137,37.371447,37.371555,37.372218,37.372327,37.372359,37.372315,37.371845,37.371081,37.370778,37.370392,37.370098,37.369855,37.369801,37.369596,37.367902,37.36686,37.365775,37.365656,37.365446,37.363886,37.363644,37.363451,37.363625,37.363949,37.364724,37.364828,37.364811,37.36487,37.364819,37.364895,37.365199,37.36571,37.366008,37.366082,37.366,37.365813,37.365579,37.365322,37.364911,37.364742,37.364628,37.364341,37.363947,37.363905,37.363935,37.364115,37.364182,37.364461,37.36525,37.366289,37.366947,37.367474,37.367805,37.368123,37.368578,37.368765,37.368864,37.369207,37.369177,37.369088,37.369016,37.369025,37.369232,37.369583,37.370119,37.370967,37.371559,37.372437,37.373185,37.373553,37.37387,37.374155,37.374751,37.374835,37.375,37.375553,37.37595,37.376574,37.37676,37.377217,37.377362,37.377577,37.377969,37.378021,37.377805,37.3781,37.378184,37.378238,37.378257,37.378303,37.378088,37.378105,37.378211,37.378028,37.378047,37.377767,37.377782,37.378194,37.378365,37.378647,37.379284,37.379601,37.38021,37.380299,37.380459,37.3806,37.381287,37.381421,37.382027,37.382374,37.383258,37.383455,37.383891,37.384365,37.384808,37.384865,37.385076,37.385133,37.385905,37.385998,37.386616,37.386709,37.387216,37.387273,37.387872,37.388142,37.388297,37.388669,37.388825,37.389304,37.389759,37.389953,37.389962,37.390448,37.390867,37.391023,37.391515,37.391944,37.392245,37.392262,37.392126,37.392204,37.392486,37.392529,37.392584,37.393089,37.39325,37.393365,37.393351,37.393496,37.393578,37.393828,37.394226,37.394396,37.39457,37.394763,37.39486,37.394953,37.395281,37.396779,37.396883,37.397027,37.397194,37.397608,37.397775,37.397919,37.398019,37.398001,37.397906,37.397945,37.397974,37.398192,37.398525,37.398994,37.399237,37.39927,37.399168,37.398355,37.397332,37.396855,37.396501,37.396167,37.395788,37.395679,37.395417,37.395308,37.395357,37.395326,37.39526,37.395009,37.394973,37.394871,37.394731,37.394684,37.394242,37.394261,37.393661,37.393429,37.394007,37.394163,37.394298,37.39475,37.394866,37.394919,37.394748,37.394415,37.394311,37.394337,37.3942,37.394109,37.394052,37.393731,37.393632,37.393169,37.392291,37.391824,37.391392,37.391021,37.390347,37.390194,37.389808,37.38883,37.388515,37.388165,37.387551,37.387539,37.387637,37.387737,37.388086,37.388609,37.388718,37.388776,37.388449,37.387931,37.3876,37.387371,37.386996,37.38671,37.386555,37.386326,37.386038,37.385565,37.385315,37.384824,37.384436,37.384387,37.38442,37.384475,37.384568,37.384761,37.38481,37.384859,37.384892,37.384898,37.384887,37.38486,37.384783,37.384744,37.38458,37.384563,37.384519,37.384481,37.384437,37.384398,37.38425,37.384234,37.384245,37.384283,37.384344,37.384437,37.384712,37.384761,37.38486,37.384904,37.385085,37.385261,37.385327,37.385431,37.385756,37.385805,37.385849,37.385909,37.386156,37.386365,37.387194,37.387634,37.387694,37.387771,37.387815,37.387859,37.387924,37.387957,37.387985,37.388056,37.388122,37.388402,37.3885,37.388539,37.388638,37.388704,37.388753,37.388841,37.388924,37.388968,37.389001,37.389193,37.389539,37.389567,37.3896,37.389671,37.38977,37.389858,37.389927,37.39004,37.390293,37.390441,37.390579,37.390711,37.390843,37.390914,37.391018,37.391299,37.391379,37.391518,37.391656,37.391794,37.391803,37.392059,37.392324,37.392449,37.39269,37.393174,37.393522,37.393919,37.394219,37.394705,37.395223,37.395927,37.396079,37.396583,37.397459,37.398487,37.399095,37.399174,37.399721,37.399788,37.400008,37.400142,37.400391,37.400439,37.400734,37.401165,37.401179,37.401555,37.402094,37.402803,37.403532,37.403574,37.403676,37.403778,37.403871,37.403992,37.404031,37.40419,37.404209,37.404278,37.404316,37.40436,37.404574,37.404948,37.405096,37.405321,37.405563,37.405645,37.405711,37.405755,37.405815,37.405842,37.405853,37.405853,37.40587,37.406034,37.406073,37.406117,37.406171,37.406237,37.406375,37.406693,37.406809,37.406984,37.407177,37.407429,37.407726,37.408209,37.408297,37.408594,37.408742,37.408907,37.409027,37.409253,37.409324,37.409379,37.409494,37.409686,37.409999,37.410174,37.410701,37.410861,37.411201,37.411706,37.411794,37.411948,37.412079,37.412546,37.412601,37.41264,37.412673,37.412893,37.412986,37.413244,37.413376,37.413536,37.413756,37.413855,37.41391,37.41403,37.414272,37.414353,37.414426,37.414662,37.414739,37.414805,37.414871,37.415008,37.415117,37.415277,37.415447,37.415595,37.415781,37.415875,37.415957,37.416018,37.416084,37.416193,37.416369,37.416402,37.416467,37.416492,37.416864,37.417051,37.417128,37.417354,37.417464,37.417612,37.417749,37.417936,37.417953,37.417958,37.418024,37.41803,37.418058,37.418069,37.41814,37.418151,37.418151,37.418102,37.418097,37.418102,37.418366,37.418504,37.418526,37.418504,37.418372,37.418361,37.418378,37.418411,37.418373,37.418351,37.418329,37.418137,37.418016,37.417989,37.417994,37.418159,37.418181,37.418176,37.418143,37.417934,37.417885,37.417802,37.417775,37.417758,37.417775,37.41789,37.417929,37.418066,37.418116,37.418138,37.418138,37.418127,37.41805,37.418061,37.41805,37.418023,37.41782,37.417776,37.417776,37.417792,37.41821,37.418314,37.418452,37.418693,37.419171,37.419259,37.419452,37.419737,37.419951,37.420149,37.420199,37.420216,37.420256,37.420314,37.420369,37.420655,37.420781,37.420929,37.420995,37.42105,37.421248,37.421347,37.421451,37.421825,37.421984,37.422061,37.422165,37.422308,37.422858,37.422984,37.423077,37.423209,37.423297,37.423357,37.423475,37.4235,37.423588,37.423605,37.423616,37.423594,37.423616,37.423649,37.423633,37.423611,37.423462,37.423424,37.423375,37.423309,37.423232,37.423188,37.423139,37.423007,37.422991,37.422991,37.423007,37.423067,37.423067,37.423045,37.423007,37.422886,37.422815,37.422727,37.422667,37.422573,37.422414,37.422359,37.422326,37.422304,37.422233,37.422233,37.422249,37.422288,37.42248,37.422469,37.42242,37.422409,37.422425,37.422453,37.422469,37.422414,37.422392,37.422387,37.422403,37.42247,37.422552,37.422629,37.422684,37.422772,37.423206,37.423369,37.423508,37.423579,37.423898,37.424134,37.424233,37.424266,37.424667,37.424793,37.424881,37.424985,37.425029,37.425145,37.42526,37.425419,37.425513,37.425551,37.42559,37.425639,37.425837,37.425908,37.425947,37.425985,37.426095,37.426172,37.426276,37.426485,37.426496,37.42648,37.426425,37.426408,37.426456,37.426595,37.426604,37.426672,37.426727,37.426754,37.426782,37.426831,37.426925,37.427007,37.427425,37.427485,37.427523,37.427633,37.427655,37.427699,37.427721,37.42776,37.427897,37.427952,37.428078,37.42815,37.428182,37.428237,37.428408,37.428457,37.428523,37.428578,37.428666,37.428682,37.428715,37.428974,37.429006,37.429435,37.429605,37.429704,37.429825,37.429924,37.429995,37.430204,37.430248,37.430462,37.43066,37.430797,37.430929,37.431181,37.431247,37.431566,37.431698,37.431775,37.432137,37.432247,37.432368,37.432483,37.432587,37.432653,37.432725,37.432812,37.4329,37.432977,37.433049,37.433087,37.433158,37.433302,37.433428,37.433505,37.433587,37.433642,37.433664,37.433664,37.433636,37.433741,37.433851,37.434087,37.434262,37.434339,37.434394,37.434784,37.434909,37.435048,37.435251,37.435449,37.436102,37.436426,37.436629,37.436695,37.43675,37.436811,37.436926,37.436943,37.437008,37.437058,37.437107,37.437146,37.437398,37.437547,37.437612,37.437667,37.437733,37.437865,37.437969,37.438085,37.438266,37.438491,37.438639,37.438804,37.438909,37.439348,37.439507,37.440303,37.440671,37.441287,37.441644,37.442022,37.442088,37.442242,37.442292,37.442544,37.442616,37.442819,37.442962,37.443192,37.443421,37.443494,37.443549,37.443873,37.444148,37.44428,37.444318,37.444345,37.444554,37.444796,37.445361,37.44546,37.445691,37.445746,37.445834,37.445922,37.445966,37.446054,37.446081,37.446301,37.446454,37.446564,37.446647,37.446844,37.447273,37.447459,37.447591,37.447707,37.447833,37.448039,37.448186,37.448276,37.448701,37.449288,37.449502,37.449854,37.449892,37.450128,37.450293,37.450776,37.451188,37.451391,37.451518,37.451611,37.451754,37.451946,37.452133,37.452248,37.452418,37.452523,37.452847,37.452957,37.453011,37.45316,37.453204,37.453314,37.453344,37.453503,37.453727,37.454089,37.454596,37.454877,37.455255,37.455471,37.45567,37.45591,37.456593,37.457591,37.46065,37.462424,37.465566,37.469391,37.474424,37.47543,37.475597,37.475833,37.476798,37.47713,37.480601,37.485213,37.486754,37.487158,37.488226,37.49177,37.492037,37.492699,37.493359,37.500142,37.502008,37.502027,37.502814,37.503345,37.503835,37.503874,37.507918,37.508023,37.508853,37.508883,37.509031,37.509146,37.510494,37.510838,37.512855,37.513192,37.515182,37.517747,37.519522,37.520756,37.521528,37.522134,37.522258,37.523216,37.523315,37.523442,37.52348,37.523663,37.524169,37.524514,37.525771,37.525833,37.525901,37.527797,37.527924,37.527953,37.527982,37.529207,37.529321,37.533312,37.535283,37.53535,37.535413,37.535805,37.541925,37.542255,37.543842,37.546884,37.548923,37.55003,37.550273,37.550518,37.550609,37.550695,37.550788,37.550876,37.552156,37.552542,37.552642,37.552642,37.552742,37.552953,37.553108,37.553243,37.553359,37.553383,37.553409,37.553542,37.553942,37.554331,37.554668,37.554742,37.555041,37.555452,37.555543,37.556644,37.558046,37.558985,37.559004,37.559247,37.559748,37.55981,37.559822,37.56075,37.561156,37.56119,37.561198,37.561351,37.561654,37.561927,37.561931,37.561938,37.561948,37.561993,37.561996,37.562,37.562045,37.5622,37.562206,37.562214,37.563045,37.563181,37.563193,37.563233,37.563491,37.563497,37.563512,37.563538,37.563549,37.563643,37.564658,37.565559,37.567161,37.56788,37.5679,37.56792,37.568142,37.568152,37.568367,37.568942,37.568961,37.569742,37.570542,37.571149,37.571542,37.571592,37.571643,37.571752,37.572042,37.572742,37.573542,37.57391,37.574279,37.574342,37.575042,37.575642,37.576442,37.576582,37.577045,37.577052,37.577248,37.577442,37.577668,37.577893,37.578142,37.579042,37.579538,37.580042,37.580146,37.580942,37.5811,37.582042,37.582088,37.582682,37.582863,37.582996,37.583134,37.585455,37.585744,37.585863,37.586895,37.587539,37.5877,37.587932]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.719279,-78.719037,-78.718823,-78.718341,-78.718141,-78.717743,-78.717146,-78.716749,-78.716649,-78.716251,-78.716052,-78.715831,-78.715776,-78.71574,-78.715337,-78.714939,-78.714821,-78.714778,-78.714737,-78.714727,-78.714722,-78.714714,-78.714643,-78.71456,-78.714507,-78.714435,-78.714411,-78.714406,-78.714399,-78.714333,-78.714011,-78.713625,-78.713421,-78.71332,-78.713218,-78.712921,-78.712822,-78.712861,-78.712734,-78.712736,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712738,-78.712802,-78.712746,-78.712728,-78.712708,-78.712701,-78.712715,-78.712745,-78.712798,-78.712825,-78.712828,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.71284,-78.713035,-78.713235,-78.71339,-78.713407,-78.713437,-78.713535,-78.713554,-78.713563,-78.713634,-78.713635,-78.713613,-78.713609,-78.713533,-78.713433,-78.713428,-78.713433,-78.713433,-78.713478,-78.713495,-78.713537,-78.713578,-78.713609,-78.713893,-78.713899,-78.713932,-78.714231,-78.714331,-78.714531,-78.714931,-78.714931,-78.715067,-78.715075,-78.715087,-78.715131,-78.715331,-78.715431,-78.715531,-78.715642,-78.715654,-78.715731,-78.71613,-78.71623,-78.71633,-78.716529,-78.716729,-78.716828,-78.717028,-78.717228,-78.717227,-78.717227,-78.717224,-78.717127,-78.717127,-78.717027,-78.717027,-78.717126,-78.717226,-78.717241,-78.71727,-78.717755,-78.717952,-78.71815,-78.718122,-78.718107,-78.71806,-78.718017,-78.718005,-78.718005,-78.718039,-78.71806,-78.718046,-78.717929,-78.717881,-78.717868,-78.71786,-78.71786,-78.717811,-78.717746,-78.717892,-78.717936,-78.718036,-78.718076,-78.718245,-78.71829,-78.718433,-78.718541,-78.718837,-78.718971,-78.719037,-78.719039,-78.719039,-78.71904,-78.718969,-78.718909,-78.71888,-78.718837,-78.718798,-78.718785,-78.718541,-78.718437,-78.718039,-78.717636,-78.717581,-78.717556,-78.717334,-78.716835,-78.716223,-78.715937,-78.715339,-78.714739,-78.71456,-78.714241,-78.714192,-78.71418,-78.714135,-78.714137,-78.71414,-78.714137,-78.714041,-78.713084,-78.713038,-78.712693,-78.712636,-78.712583,-78.712439,-78.711943,-78.711326,-78.711295,-78.711257,-78.711233,-78.711188,-78.711134,-78.711045,-78.710437,-78.710054,-78.710038,-78.709651,-78.709351,-78.708551,-78.70775,-78.707509,-78.707497,-78.707414,-78.707268,-78.707149,-78.706861,-78.70655,-78.70635,-78.70595,-78.705149,-78.704349,-78.703916,-78.703449,-78.702737,-78.702348,-78.701247,-78.700546,-78.70005,-78.700033,-78.699846,-78.698836,-78.697745,-78.697648,-78.696936,-78.696145,-78.695636,-78.695544,-78.695044,-78.694441,-78.694406,-78.694244,-78.693744,-78.693644,-78.693544,-78.693444,-78.693344,-78.693236,-78.692834,-78.69276,-78.692643,-78.692243,-78.691643,-78.691043,-78.691006,-78.690909,-78.690442,-78.690342,-78.689842,-78.689642,-78.689242,-78.689042,-78.688741,-78.688441,-78.688341,-78.688241,-78.688241,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.68824,-78.68824,-78.688239,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688339,-78.688365,-78.688373,-78.688439,-78.688639,-78.688739,-78.688879,-78.688938,-78.689017,-78.689138,-78.689238,-78.689238,-78.68937,-78.689938,-78.690337,-78.690637,-78.691037,-78.691437,-78.691837,-78.692163,-78.692436,-78.692936,-78.693236,-78.693283,-78.693374,-78.693465,-78.693536,-78.693627,-78.693936,-78.694437,-78.694737,-78.695037,-78.695237,-78.695437,-78.695637,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695645,-78.695637,-78.695537,-78.695338,-78.695137,-78.695126,-78.694937,-78.694737,-78.694678,-78.694537,-78.694337,-78.694126,-78.693937,-78.693437,-78.693137,-78.692737,-78.692137,-78.691737,-78.691337,-78.690737,-78.690537,-78.689837,-78.689037,-78.688226,-78.687636,-78.686936,-78.686336,-78.685641,-78.685338,-78.685036,-78.684757,-78.684481,-78.684459,-78.684336,-78.683468,-78.683455,-78.683336,-78.682735,-78.682723,-78.68271,-78.682601,-78.682549,-78.682525,-78.682509,-78.682484,-78.682435,-78.681635,-78.680968,-78.680435,-78.680035,-78.679534,-78.679148,-78.678634,-78.677854,-78.677838,-78.677824,-78.677783,-78.677505,-78.677134,-78.676633,-78.676233,-78.675804,-78.675433,-78.674833,-78.67434,-78.67404,-78.673938,-78.673432,-78.673336,-78.673318,-78.673309,-78.6733,-78.672944,-78.672818,-78.6727,-78.672632,-78.672631,-78.672632,-78.671369,-78.671289,-78.671257,-78.671241,-78.671228,-78.671032,-78.67102,-78.670631,-78.670031,-78.669866,-78.669857,-78.669731,-78.669569,-78.66933,-78.669144,-78.668829,-78.668804,-78.668787,-78.668239,-78.668224,-78.668214,-78.668111,-78.667628,-78.667428,-78.667228,-78.667128,-78.667028,-78.666828,-78.666716,-78.666627,-78.666427,-78.666189,-78.666127,-78.665927,-78.665727,-78.665627,-78.665504,-78.665496,-78.665326,-78.665279,-78.665226,-78.665042,-78.664702,-78.664624,-78.664547,-78.664652,-78.664701,-78.66473,-78.664712,-78.664555,-78.664359,-78.663754,-78.663317,-78.662883,-78.66248,-78.66222,-78.66163,-78.661244,-78.66087,-78.66037,-78.660141,-78.659851,-78.659838,-78.659198,-78.658714,-78.658008,-78.657322,-78.657165,-78.657048,-78.656948,-78.656928,-78.656881,-78.656751,-78.654985,-78.654235,-78.654154,-78.654086,-78.653378,-78.652997,-78.652306,-78.652176,-78.651966,-78.651399,-78.651384,-78.651341,-78.651356,-78.651372,-78.651252,-78.651133,-78.650659,-78.649736,-78.649236,-78.648236,-78.64816,-78.647976,-78.647767,-78.647736,-78.647636,-78.647591,-78.647561,-78.647238,-78.647096,-78.647084,-78.647062,-78.647036,-78.646938,-78.646732,-78.646638,-78.646551,-78.646504,-78.646446,-78.646288,-78.646277,-78.646074,-78.645937,-78.645471,-78.645238,-78.645038,-78.644938,-78.644838,-78.644738,-78.644464,-78.644381,-78.644319,-78.644257,-78.644198,-78.644187,-78.644115,-78.643868,-78.643667,-78.643599,-78.64357,-78.643506,-78.64266,-78.642632,-78.642471,-78.642402,-78.642245,-78.642049,-78.641928,-78.641874,-78.641746,-78.641695,-78.641666,-78.641428,-78.641278,-78.641181,-78.64106,-78.64102,-78.640907,-78.640852,-78.640813,-78.640795,-78.640804,-78.640788,-78.64078,-78.640784,-78.640816,-78.640831,-78.640851,-78.640891,-78.640946,-78.641019,-78.641095,-78.641125,-78.641159,-78.641214,-78.641234,-78.641381,-78.641534,-78.641634,-78.641819,-78.641834,-78.641834,-78.642034,-78.642034,-78.642134,-78.642179,-78.642234,-78.642366,-78.642434,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642699,-78.642734,-78.642755,-78.642934,-78.643135,-78.643335,-78.643435,-78.643635,-78.643735,-78.644035,-78.644235,-78.644535,-78.644935,-78.645335,-78.645635,-78.645835,-78.646053,-78.646335,-78.646581,-78.646835,-78.647111,-78.647235,-78.647353,-78.647635,-78.648135,-78.648435,-78.648635,-78.649135,-78.649635,-78.650335,-78.650935,-78.651435,-78.652235,-78.652635,-78.652935,-78.653435,-78.653832,-78.653935,-78.654035,-78.654098,-78.654135,-78.654203,-78.654835,-78.654935,-78.655135,-78.655435,-78.655735,-78.655935,-78.655935,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655735,-78.655535,-78.655449,-78.655335,-78.654935,-78.654735,-78.654635,-78.654335,-78.654235,-78.654132,-78.654138,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654335,-78.654335,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654503,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654635,-78.654636,-78.654636,-78.654536,-78.654536,-78.654436,-78.654436,-78.65427,-78.654234,-78.654136,-78.654111,-78.654093,-78.654058,-78.654054,-78.654034,-78.653937,-78.653882,-78.653829,-78.653761,-78.653676,-78.653636,-78.653235,-78.653136,-78.652836,-78.652635,-78.652335,-78.651987,-78.651936,-78.651736,-78.65157,-78.651236,-78.650835,-78.649935,-78.649435,-78.649035,-78.648935,-78.648575,-78.648535,-78.648053,-78.647935,-78.647535,-78.647335,-78.647035,-78.646734,-78.646635,-78.646434,-78.645734,-78.645535,-78.645535,-78.645475,-78.645455,-78.645435,-78.645418,-78.64541,-78.645385,-78.645335,-78.645235,-78.645135,-78.645135,-78.645085,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644835,-78.644635,-78.644581,-78.644572,-78.644535,-78.644233,-78.644035,-78.643935,-78.643884,-78.643835,-78.643735,-78.643736,-78.64373,-78.643727,-78.64369,-78.643651,-78.64364,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643692,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643836,-78.643918,-78.643702,-78.642722,-78.64167,-78.640531,-78.639363,-78.637639,-78.63526,-78.633821,-78.632297,-78.631001,-78.629193,-78.627997,-78.626658,-78.625489,-78.62395,-78.622311,-78.62053,-78.619164,-78.618422,-78.616798,-78.61563,-78.613919,-78.612023,-78.609613,-78.607131,-78.605434,-78.600997,-78.597317,-78.59485,-78.593394,-78.591511,-78.591029,-78.590426,-78.589385,-78.588514,-78.587373,-78.586977,-78.586118,-78.585448,-78.584832,-78.584406,-78.583079,-78.582152,-78.58141,-78.580797,-78.580227,-78.579499,-78.579028,-78.57883,-78.577932,-78.576605,-78.576014,-78.575259,-78.574886,-78.574082,-78.57388,-78.573711,-78.573155,-78.572243,-78.571237,-78.571158,-78.570146,-78.569416,-78.568789,-78.568693,-78.568449,-78.56507,-78.562674,-78.560948,-78.560307,-78.559608,-78.558781,-78.557854,-78.557089,-78.556713,-78.555694,-78.555101,-78.552263,-78.550638,-78.550138,-78.548854,-78.54797,-78.547256,-78.546543,-78.545573,-78.544774,-78.544047,-78.543661,-78.543262,-78.54272,-78.542418,-78.542249,-78.541393,-78.540593,-78.539267,-78.537727,-78.536571,-78.534859,-78.530322,-78.525543,-78.523389,-78.520337,-78.515701,-78.512848,-78.511991,-78.51048,-78.509093,-78.50874,-78.505516,-78.501537,-78.49954,-78.497714,-78.497537,-78.496601,-78.495788,-78.495431,-78.495331,-78.495388,-78.496344,-78.497114,-78.498075,-78.498612,-78.498855,-78.498783,-78.498416,-78.498394,-78.498269,-78.496659,-78.49657,-78.495478,-78.494996,-78.493726,-78.491801,-78.491455,-78.491345,-78.491027,-78.490135,-78.489412,-78.489105,-78.488687,-78.48789,-78.487031,-78.486707,-78.486435,-78.485817,-78.485718,-78.485228,-78.484687,-78.484576,-78.484161,-78.483732,-78.483335,-78.483019,-78.482897,-78.482872,-78.482555,-78.482268,-78.481681,-78.481329,-78.481287,-78.481262,-78.481194,-78.480871,-78.480818,-78.480656,-78.480593,-78.479955,-78.478597,-78.477904,-78.477345,-78.476609,-78.475799,-78.475001,-78.474577,-78.474253,-78.474082,-78.473728,-78.473313,-78.472339,-78.471644,-78.471028,-78.470751,-78.47065,-78.470597,-78.470589,-78.470155,-78.469587,-78.46943,-78.469415,-78.469212,-78.469008,-78.468742,-78.467806,-78.467795,-78.4677,-78.467063,-78.466641,-78.465936,-78.465779,-78.465176,-78.464947,-78.464149,-78.463499,-78.462946,-78.46247,-78.462238,-78.462225,-78.462199,-78.461544,-78.460919,-78.460201,-78.459812,-78.458821,-78.457972,-78.456866,-78.455752,-78.454772,-78.453792,-78.453016,-78.45228,-78.451728,-78.451308,-78.450887,-78.450363,-78.450274,-78.44987,-78.449182,-78.44903,-78.448729,-78.448691,-78.448317,-78.447909,-78.447854,-78.44757,-78.447252,-78.446713,-78.446485,-78.446339,-78.445834,-78.445648,-78.445337,-78.445074,-78.444811,-78.44432,-78.444202,-78.444106,-78.443836,-78.443837,-78.443786,-78.44377,-78.443733,-78.443505,-78.443283,-78.44313,-78.442862,-78.442599,-78.442288,-78.441928,-78.441368,-78.440994,-78.440434,-78.440245,-78.440136,-78.440068,-78.439231,-78.439155,-78.439086,-78.439093,-78.439203,-78.439487,-78.439542,-78.439549,-78.439528,-78.439466,-78.439307,-78.439093,-78.438984,-78.438966,-78.43883,-78.438648,-78.438498,-78.438429,-78.43818,-78.438014,-78.437723,-78.437398,-78.437101,-78.436956,-78.436885,-78.436861,-78.436327,-78.436092,-78.435801,-78.435656,-78.435193,-78.4349,-78.434273,-78.433768,-78.431659,-78.430899,-78.43077,-78.430103,-78.429894,-78.429861,-78.429654,-78.429488,-78.42805,-78.427552,-78.425741,-78.42489,-78.424826,-78.424665,-78.424579,-78.424254,-78.423072,-78.422339,-78.422201,-78.422111,-78.42117,-78.420998,-78.420928,-78.420555,-78.420099,-78.419974,-78.419555,-78.419338,-78.418819,-78.41855,-78.4179,-78.417347,-78.416759,-78.416441,-78.416095,-78.414796,-78.414374,-78.413434,-78.412991,-78.41286,-78.412735,-78.412507,-78.412424,-78.41185,-78.411456,-78.411145,-78.410246,-78.409921,-78.409603,-78.409271,-78.408974,-78.40885,-78.408746,-78.408619,-78.408549,-78.408472,-78.408392,-78.408278,-78.408266,-78.408085,-78.407946,-78.407889,-78.407734,-78.407676,-78.407652,-78.407481,-78.407352,-78.406931,-78.40656,-78.4062,-78.406036,-78.405978,-78.405758,-78.405682,-78.405596,-78.405455,-78.405292,-78.404604,-78.403995,-78.403732,-78.403554,-78.403192,-78.40301,-78.402919,-78.402561,-78.402254,-78.402122,-78.401464,-78.401196,-78.400793,-78.400567,-78.400295,-78.399886,-78.399803,-78.399731,-78.399551,-78.399021,-78.398697,-78.398626,-78.39861,-78.398446,-78.398397,-78.397761,-78.397217,-78.397126,-78.397036,-78.396992,-78.396902,-78.396814,-78.396144,-78.3961,-78.396011,-78.395922,-78.395385,-78.395329,-78.395297,-78.395117,-78.395029,-78.394676,-78.394499,-78.39428,-78.394225,-78.394079,-78.394036,-78.393862,-78.393819,-78.393732,-78.393558,-78.393384,-78.393251,-78.393208,-78.393164,-78.39312,-78.393076,-78.392988,-78.392679,-78.392635,-78.39247,-78.392281,-78.392192,-78.391971,-78.391883,-78.391839,-78.391662,-78.391529,-78.391328,-78.390643,-78.390632,-78.390581,-78.390294,-78.390101,-78.390007,-78.390004,-78.389877,-78.389729,-78.389398,-78.389031,-78.388948,-78.388785,-78.388619,-78.388538,-78.388453,-78.388247,-78.387914,-78.387786,-78.387698,-78.387657,-78.38699,-78.386829,-78.386837,-78.386312,-78.385462,-78.385096,-78.38448,-78.384168,-78.384149,-78.384106,-78.384086,-78.383837,-78.383444,-78.383418,-78.383091,-78.38224,-78.381742,-78.381556,-78.381355,-78.380297,-78.380104,-78.379751,-78.379724,-78.379122,-78.379039,-78.378963,-78.378894,-78.378866,-78.378797,-78.37864,-78.378617,-78.378223,-78.377787,-78.377638,-78.377476,-78.377234,-78.376923,-78.376852,-78.375762,-78.375623,-78.37549,-78.375472,-78.375057,-78.374725,-78.374252,-78.374169,-78.374017,-78.373906,-78.373836,-78.37357,-78.373304,-78.3732,-78.373182,-78.37298,-78.372648,-78.372461,-78.371984,-78.371175,-78.370843,-78.370539,-78.370421,-78.370201,-78.369868,-78.36966,-78.369557,-78.369467,-78.36901,-78.368872,-78.367994,-78.367248,-78.367089,-78.366369,-78.366328,-78.366228,-78.366171,-78.366128,-78.365775,-78.365616,-78.365491,-78.365395,-78.36533,-78.365281,-78.364945,-78.364822,-78.364676,-78.364605,-78.364556,-78.364545,-78.364482,-78.364233,-78.363991,-78.363949,-78.363645,-78.363541,-78.363431,-78.363368,-78.363334,-78.363188,-78.36287,-78.362787,-78.362759,-78.362725,-78.362662,-78.362385,-78.362282,-78.362192,-78.361894,-78.361763,-78.361569,-78.361495,-78.361474,-78.361334,-78.361147,-78.360788,-78.360663,-78.360159,-78.359827,-78.359529,-78.359032,-78.35884,-78.358631,-78.35843,-78.358358,-78.358299,-78.358219,-78.358098,-78.358088,-78.357905,-78.357739,-78.356929,-78.356203,-78.355996,-78.35594,-78.355864,-78.355803,-78.355312,-78.354676,-78.354585,-78.353906,-78.353787,-78.35365,-78.353109,-78.352496,-78.352166,-78.352077,-78.351572,-78.351449,-78.350885,-78.350271,-78.349596,-78.349335,-78.34897,-78.348873,-78.348777,-78.348567,-78.348445,-78.348092,-78.347954,-78.347588,-78.347042,-78.346924,-78.3468,-78.346191,-78.346032,-78.345894,-78.345555,-78.345417,-78.345223,-78.34517,-78.345133,-78.344836,-78.344787,-78.344566,-78.344228,-78.343951,-78.343184,-78.343018,-78.342693,-78.342499,-78.34178,-78.341552,-78.34142,-78.340605,-78.340087,-78.339949,-78.33981,-78.339015,-78.338842,-78.338386,-78.338089,-78.337985,-78.33766,-78.337328,-78.336782,-78.336527,-78.336333,-78.33605,-78.335621,-78.335434,-78.335061,-78.334874,-78.33475,-78.334612,-78.334501,-78.334391,-78.334066,-78.334027,-78.333344,-78.333225,-78.332925,-78.332344,-78.332225,-78.332019,-78.331725,-78.331625,-78.331025,-78.330757,-78.33064,-78.330521,-78.330425,-78.329525,-78.329025,-78.328925,-78.328825,-78.328684,-78.327325,-78.326566,-78.32654,-78.326512,-78.326225,-78.32495,-78.324725,-78.324387,-78.324336,-78.3243,-78.324226,-78.325277,-78.325324,-78.32543,-78.325627,-78.325738,-78.325877,-78.326154,-78.326411,-78.326586,-78.326725,-78.326744,-78.326929,-78.327106,-78.32722,-78.327345,-78.327362,-78.327373,-78.327366,-78.327303,-78.32731,-78.327333,-78.327371,-78.327423,-78.32749,-78.327606,-78.327748,-78.327902,-78.328106,-78.328535,-78.329109,-78.329552,-78.330182,-78.330318,-78.330499,-78.330996,-78.331086,-78.33113,-78.331401,-78.331807,-78.33253,-78.33289,-78.333285,-78.333772,-78.334399,-78.334896,-78.335067,-78.335346,-78.33594,-78.336477,-78.336785,-78.337301,-78.337388,-78.337469,-78.337515,-78.337564,-78.3378,-78.337842,-78.338196,-78.33917,-78.339214,-78.33948,-78.339746,-78.340011,-78.340055,-78.340143,-78.340316,-78.340359,-78.340576,-78.340642,-78.340705,-78.340791,-78.340834,-78.340921,-78.341008,-78.341051,-78.341138,-78.341437,-78.34148,-78.341521,-78.341646,-78.341688,-78.34173,-78.341861,-78.341903,-78.34199,-78.342254,-78.342428,-78.342558,-78.342601,-78.342774,-78.34286,-78.343243,-78.3435,-78.343585,-78.343627,-78.34371,-78.343836,-78.343877,-78.34392,-78.344007,-78.344049,-78.34409,-78.344133,-78.344217,-78.34426,-78.344301,-78.344387,-78.344429,-78.344472,-78.344514,-78.344603,-78.344693,-78.344846,-78.345616,-78.345881,-78.346189,-78.346613,-78.346743,-78.34705,-78.347137,-78.347265,-78.347351,-78.347525,-78.347612,-78.347879,-78.348011,-78.348099,-78.348234,-78.348324,-78.348544,-78.348626,-78.348926,-78.349093,-78.349394,-78.349477,-78.349734,-78.350437,-78.350704,-78.351063,-78.351105,-78.351281,-78.351542,-78.351709,-78.351747,-78.351913,-78.351951,-78.352192,-78.352274,-78.352836,-78.353209,-78.353329,-78.353666,-78.353739,-78.353766,-78.353822,-78.353847,-78.353878,-78.353958,-78.354011,-78.35413,-78.354173,-78.35453,-78.354708,-78.35505,-78.355131,-78.355175,-78.355418,-78.355496,-78.355687,-78.355911,-78.356015,-78.356175,-78.356255,-78.356387,-78.356511,-78.356616,-78.356768,-78.35684,-78.357103,-78.35717,-78.357502,-78.357696,-78.357857,-78.357982,-78.358112,-78.358291,-78.358473,-78.358608,-78.358692,-78.358847,-78.359036,-78.359283,-78.359484,-78.359672,-78.359788,-78.3599,-78.359967,-78.360024,-78.360149,-78.360375,-78.360426,-78.360493,-78.360548,-78.360584,-78.360592,-78.360583,-78.360548,-78.360489,-78.360465,-78.360424,-78.360408,-78.360368,-78.360284,-78.360261,-78.360247,-78.36025,-78.360243,-78.360243,-78.360235,-78.360244,-78.360246,-78.360238,-78.360253,-78.360236,-78.360265,-78.360284,-78.360288,-78.360349,-78.360374,-78.360386,-78.360383,-78.360365,-78.360343,-78.360302,-78.360251,-78.360205,-78.360125,-78.360089,-78.360032,-78.359966,-78.359875,-78.359803,-78.359728,-78.359702,-78.359699,-78.359702,-78.359749,-78.359762,-78.359883,-78.359977,-78.360082,-78.360241,-78.360335,-78.360442,-78.360482,-78.360513,-78.360668,-78.360702,-78.360892,-78.360964,-78.361004,-78.361037,-78.361114,-78.361256,-78.361408,-78.361477,-78.361518,-78.361588,-78.361807,-78.361874,-78.362019,-78.362084,-78.362119,-78.362184,-78.362307,-78.36246,-78.362538,-78.362589,-78.362662,-78.362669,-78.36274,-78.362803,-78.362877,-78.363043,-78.363192,-78.363238,-78.363329,-78.363418,-78.363461,-78.363543,-78.363577,-78.363691,-78.363953,-78.364125,-78.364156,-78.364261,-78.364299,-78.364548,-78.36478,-78.364951,-78.365025,-78.365129,-78.365208,-78.365354,-78.36545,-78.36549,-78.365534,-78.36558,-78.365625,-78.365799,-78.365933,-78.366068,-78.366205,-78.366296,-78.36652,-78.366703,-78.366792,-78.366999,-78.367124,-78.367624,-78.367836,-78.36788,-78.368048,-78.368202,-78.368438,-78.368653,-78.368716,-78.368769,-78.368788,-78.368819,-78.368837,-78.368847,-78.368864,-78.368889,-78.36894,-78.368958,-78.368972,-78.369008,-78.369139,-78.369166,-78.36926,-78.369377,-78.369501,-78.369545,-78.369702,-78.369789,-78.369874,-78.370237,-78.370282,-78.370416,-78.370677,-78.37093,-78.371019,-78.371109,-78.371292,-78.371611,-78.371837,-78.371972,-78.372146,-78.372187,-78.372654,-78.373017,-78.373096,-78.373209,-78.373279,-78.373414,-78.373473,-78.373691,-78.373941,-78.374068,-78.374179,-78.37431,-78.374368,-78.374616,-78.374713,-78.374864,-78.374905,-78.375162,-78.375257,-78.375351,-78.375597,-78.376103,-78.376431,-78.376725,-78.376765,-78.37695,-78.377093,-78.377241,-78.377382,-78.377475,-78.377549,-78.377585,-78.377607,-78.377632,-78.377693,-78.377703,-78.377722,-78.377738,-78.377813,-78.377843,-78.377857,-78.377891,-78.377943,-78.377994,-78.378058,-78.378138,-78.378181,-78.378269,-78.378359,-78.37845,-78.378541,-78.37861,-78.378635,-78.378666,-78.378738,-78.378779,-78.379066,-78.379186,-78.37923,-78.379315,-78.379403,-78.379449,-78.379505,-78.379541,-78.379582,-78.379654,-78.379885,-78.379958,-78.380338,-78.380373,-78.381009,-78.381331,-78.382018,-78.382888,-78.383015,-78.383047,-78.383191,-78.383364,-78.383691,-78.383976,-78.384211,-78.384736,-78.384989,-78.385205,-78.385787,-78.386288,-78.386457,-78.386859,-78.387066,-78.387443,-78.38762,-78.387658,-78.3877,-78.387735,-78.387818,-78.387852,-78.388021,-78.388061,-78.388283,-78.38869,-78.388871,-78.389188,-78.389322,-78.389496,-78.389623,-78.389779,-78.389847,-78.389993,-78.390588,-78.39076,-78.39115,-78.391166,-78.391478,-78.392465,-78.392928,-78.393398,-78.393769,-78.394071,-78.394332,-78.394465,-78.394735,-78.39546,-78.395505,-78.39555,-78.396001,-78.396227,-78.396407,-78.396539,-78.396711,-78.396922,-78.397338,-78.397425,-78.397591,-78.398112,-78.398377,-78.398602,-78.398782,-78.398827,-78.39896,-78.399135,-78.39926,-78.399418,-78.399558,-78.399642,-78.399661,-78.399686,-78.399697,-78.399715,-78.399787,-78.399893,-78.400004,-78.400247,-78.400372,-78.400421,-78.400445,-78.400475,-78.400537,-78.400673,-78.400828,-78.400937,-78.400968,-78.401072,-78.40122,-78.401762,-78.401938,-78.402031,-78.402278,-78.402559,-78.402787,-78.403301,-78.403589,-78.403798,-78.403841,-78.403925,-78.404776,-78.404863,-78.405289,-78.405461,-78.405756,-78.406003,-78.406598,-78.406709,-78.406877,-78.407523,-78.407709,-78.407979,-78.408254,-78.408435,-78.408664,-78.408788,-78.408862,-78.408904,-78.409218,-78.409294,-78.409374,-78.409604,-78.409791,-78.410076,-78.410346,-78.410437,-78.410582,-78.410862,-78.411127,-78.411181,-78.411212,-78.411382,-78.411434,-78.411524,-78.41173,-78.411923,-78.4121,-78.412334,-78.412604,-78.412833,-78.41301,-78.413191,-78.413261,-78.413326,-78.413415,-78.413546,-78.413631,-78.413711,-78.414083,-78.414254,-78.414384,-78.414562,-78.414878,-78.415059,-78.415562,-78.416332,-78.416638,-78.416771,-78.417084,-78.417128,-78.417218,-78.417262,-78.417757,-78.417891,-78.418643,-78.418687,-78.418818,-78.418906,-78.419299,-78.419553,-78.419707,-78.419798,-78.419915,-78.420027,-78.420132,-78.420232,-78.420291,-78.420364,-78.420485,-78.420584,-78.42066,-78.420712,-78.420726,-78.420723,-78.420728,-78.420705,-78.420687,-78.420652,-78.420566,-78.420501,-78.420443,-78.420365,-78.420282,-78.420065,-78.419386,-78.419039,-78.418339,-78.41816,-78.417893,-78.417672,-78.417628,-78.417541,-78.417454,-78.417191,-78.417146,-78.417058,-78.416968,-78.416879,-78.416746,-78.416523,-78.416433,-78.4163,-78.416215,-78.416097,-78.415987,-78.415885,-78.415792,-78.415592,-78.415552,-78.415503,-78.415428,-78.415414,-78.415417,-78.415439,-78.415466,-78.415547,-78.415591,-78.415701,-78.415813,-78.415849,-78.415966,-78.41618,-78.416283,-78.416308,-78.41634,-78.416394,-78.416431,-78.416432,-78.416409,-78.416392,-78.416367,-78.416335,-78.416256,-78.415936,-78.415877,-78.415745,-78.415419,-78.415286,-78.415164,-78.415085,-78.415039,-78.415034,-78.415041,-78.415064,-78.415122,-78.415174,-78.415263,-78.415344,-78.415379,-78.415455,-78.415536,-78.415661,-78.415747,-78.415789,-78.415907,-78.41602,-78.416343,-78.416473,-78.416543,-78.416736,-78.416792,-78.416972,-78.417193,-78.417268,-78.417334,-78.417592,-78.41766,-78.417718,-78.417828,-78.417998,-78.418174,-78.418389,-78.418696,-78.419251,-78.41964,-78.419685,-78.419729,-78.41977,-78.419945,-78.419986,-78.420073,-78.420283,-78.420448,-78.420684,-78.420854,-78.420914,-78.420938,-78.420975,-78.421007,-78.421027,-78.421033,-78.421023,-78.420977,-78.4209,-78.420846,-78.420813,-78.420727,-78.420653,-78.420591,-78.420554,-78.420436,-78.42026,-78.420171,-78.420126,-78.419796,-78.419762,-78.419789,-78.419817,-78.419879,-78.42001,-78.420031,-78.419907,-78.4199,-78.419935,-78.419997,-78.420052,-78.42017,-78.420245,-78.420404,-78.420563,-78.420702,-78.420805,-78.420943,-78.421075,-78.421192,-78.421358,-78.421897,-78.422021,-78.42238,-78.422602,-78.423589,-78.423769,-78.423942,-78.424108,-78.42437,-78.42446,-78.424536,-78.425033,-78.425234,-78.42533,-78.425517,-78.425683,-78.426035,-78.426401,-78.426464,-78.42656,-78.426885,-78.427403,-78.42777,-78.428461,-78.428612,-78.428604,-78.428591,-78.428579,-78.428584,-78.428573,-78.428547,-78.42851,-78.428388,-78.428223,-78.428042,-78.427966,-78.427804,-78.427612,-78.427542,-78.427485,-78.4274,-78.42716,-78.427116,-78.427076,-78.427053,-78.427048,-78.42706,-78.427084,-78.427118,-78.427163,-78.427233,-78.427318,-78.427449,-78.427708,-78.427903,-78.428041,-78.428133,-78.427499,-78.427453,-78.427008,-78.426921,-78.426872,-78.42665,-78.426594,-78.426596,-78.426585,-78.426582,-78.426611,-78.426711,-78.426747,-78.426875,-78.426908,-78.426915,-78.426921,-78.426916,-78.426903,-78.426901,-78.426868,-78.42668,-78.426627,-78.426608,-78.42656,-78.426471,-78.426392,-78.426307,-78.426087,-78.425907,-78.425542,-78.424904,-78.424221,-78.423726,-78.423637,-78.423592,-78.423459,-78.423286,-78.423133,-78.422696,-78.422399,-78.422172,-78.421866,-78.421786,-78.42171,-78.421587,-78.421549,-78.421384,-78.421126,-78.420293,-78.420166,-78.41992,-78.41978,-78.41975,-78.419673,-78.419628,-78.419615,-78.419613,-78.419644,-78.419693,-78.419754,-78.419826,-78.419857,-78.420001,-78.420057,-78.420276,-78.420955,-78.421152,-78.421671,-78.422065,-78.422407,-78.422512,-78.422611,-78.422821,-78.422901,-78.423007,-78.423059,-78.423091,-78.423116,-78.423122,-78.423118,-78.423082,-78.423056,-78.422977,-78.422836,-78.422459,-78.422324,-78.422207,-78.4221,-78.422023,-78.421776,-78.421697,-78.421654,-78.421539,-78.421504,-78.421446,-78.421381,-78.421338,-78.421332,-78.421324,-78.421343,-78.421359,-78.421427,-78.421523,-78.421598,-78.421748,-78.421928,-78.422155,-78.4222,-78.422564,-78.422609,-78.4227,-78.422791,-78.423245,-78.423517,-78.423606,-78.423692,-78.423848,-78.424064,-78.424131,-78.424168,-78.424332,-78.424619,-78.424926,-78.425087,-78.425196,-78.4256,-78.42671,-78.426912,-78.42703,-78.427317,-78.427611,-78.427782,-78.42791,-78.428127,-78.42817,-78.428301,-78.428434,-78.428614,-78.428841,-78.429289,-78.42951,-78.429553,-78.429642,-78.429729,-78.430217,-78.43053,-78.430804,-78.43139,-78.432384,-78.433015,-78.433242,-78.433377,-78.433467,-78.433734,-78.433774,-78.433859,-78.434396,-78.434565,-78.434771,-78.434938,-78.435204,-78.435547,-78.435665,-78.435924,-78.435992,-78.436086,-78.436167,-78.436241,-78.436303,-78.436375,-78.436409,-78.436428,-78.436431,-78.436426,-78.436411,-78.436381,-78.436364,-78.43634,-78.436307,-78.436233,-78.436109,-78.436027,-78.435912,-78.435642,-78.435388,-78.435141,-78.434728,-78.434374,-78.434335,-78.43391,-78.433811,-78.433658,-78.433601,-78.433568,-78.433511,-78.433261,-78.433058,-78.432353,-78.431266,-78.431115,-78.429837,-78.429642,-78.429265,-78.429048,-78.429019,-78.428861,-78.428771,-78.428575,-78.428508,-78.428452,-78.428405,-78.428282,-78.428232,-78.428171,-78.428141,-78.428145,-78.428173,-78.428219,-78.428275,-78.428369,-78.428449,-78.42887,-78.428926,-78.42896,-78.429049,-78.429073,-78.429132,-78.429204,-78.42927,-78.429561,-78.429647,-78.429727,-78.429818,-78.429923,-78.430157,-78.430357,-78.43053,-78.430754,-78.430799,-78.430888,-78.431022,-78.431112,-78.4312,-78.43143,-78.431473,-78.431649,-78.431991,-78.432325,-78.432405,-78.432657,-78.432936,-78.433047,-78.433117,-78.433279,-78.433332,-78.433454,-78.433591,-78.433639,-78.434006,-78.434245,-78.434293,-78.434601,-78.434718,-78.43475,-78.434823,-78.434972,-78.435292,-78.435377,-78.435437,-78.435466,-78.435536,-78.435627,-78.435716,-78.435802,-78.43599,-78.436079,-78.436275,-78.43663,-78.436856,-78.437009,-78.437378,-78.437504,-78.43768,-78.437814,-78.437904,-78.43804,-78.438252,-78.438291,-78.438373,-78.438523,-78.438627,-78.438723,-78.438749,-78.438813,-78.438866,-78.439037,-78.439089,-78.439174,-78.43936,-78.439428,-78.439641,-78.440183,-78.440217,-78.440255,-78.440328,-78.440519,-78.440648,-78.440775,-78.440915,-78.441241,-78.441277,-78.441459,-78.441828,-78.441862,-78.441979,-78.442068,-78.442167,-78.442258,-78.442542,-78.443133,-78.443351,-78.443429,-78.443612,-78.443682,-78.443816,-78.44401,-78.444154,-78.444347,-78.444526,-78.444594,-78.444731,-78.444776,-78.444849,-78.444877,-78.444915,-78.444965,-78.445107,-78.445304,-78.445386,-78.445581,-78.445705,-78.445836,-78.446015,-78.446195,-78.44642,-78.447867,-78.447883,-78.44809,-78.448441,-78.449192,-78.44941,-78.449618,-78.449741,-78.449778,-78.449859,-78.449895,-78.449935,-78.449975,-78.450198,-78.450343,-78.450664,-78.450923,-78.451103,-78.451437,-78.45168,-78.45197,-78.452367,-78.452392,-78.452434,-78.452507,-78.452644,-78.452771,-78.452809,-78.452928,-78.453015,-78.453104,-78.45324,-78.453329,-78.453461,-78.453674,-78.453756,-78.454046,-78.454086,-78.45417,-78.454305,-78.454415,-78.454446,-78.454529,-78.454551,-78.454659,-78.454692,-78.454706,-78.454702,-78.454674,-78.454645,-78.454603,-78.454552,-78.454507,-78.454363,-78.45295,-78.452135,-78.452039,-78.451932,-78.451912,-78.451883,-78.451877,-78.451892,-78.451932,-78.451954,-78.452004,-78.452064,-78.452424,-78.452564,-78.453238,-78.453371,-78.453435,-78.453568,-78.453661,-78.453732,-78.453834,-78.453923,-78.454016,-78.454072,-78.454079,-78.454105,-78.45411,-78.454134,-78.454139,-78.454163,-78.454155,-78.454135,-78.454122,-78.454071,-78.454034,-78.45395,-78.453816,-78.45368,-78.453003,-78.452777,-78.452507,-78.451836,-78.451748,-78.451615,-78.451481,-78.451391,-78.451084,-78.450837,-78.450717,-78.450603,-78.450493,-78.450243,-78.450155,-78.450104,-78.449994,-78.449786,-78.44966,-78.449528,-78.449517,-78.449414,-78.449375,-78.449309,-78.449263,-78.44925,-78.44925,-78.44926,-78.449292,-78.449302,-78.44931,-78.449331,-78.449364,-78.449384,-78.449421,-78.449439,-78.449532,-78.449622,-78.4497,-78.44988,-78.450082,-78.450153,-78.450185,-78.450611,-78.45097,-78.451176,-78.451507,-78.45172,-78.452052,-78.452716,-78.452918,-78.452961,-78.453042,-78.453085,-78.453295,-78.453381,-78.453422,-78.453508,-78.453763,-78.454539,-78.454931,-78.454976,-78.456548,-78.45658,-78.457378,-78.457762,-78.457846,-78.457933,-78.457975,-78.458237,-78.45868,-78.458856,-78.46042,-78.460782,-78.461004,-78.46109,-78.461331,-78.461484,-78.461565,-78.461751,-78.461927,-78.461989,-78.462074,-78.462176,-78.462416,-78.46262,-78.462904,-78.463107,-78.463174,-78.463247,-78.463423,-78.463718,-78.464029,-78.464084,-78.464291,-78.464379,-78.464515,-78.464695,-78.464889,-78.464948,-78.465004,-78.465021,-78.465031,-78.465026,-78.464992,-78.464948,-78.464933,-78.46496,-78.464972,-78.464984,-78.465008,-78.465014,-78.46505,-78.465122,-78.465183,-78.465234,-78.465254,-78.465337,-78.465401,-78.465504,-78.465717,-78.46583,-78.465984,-78.466185,-78.466308,-78.466351,-78.46653,-78.466711,-78.466801,-78.466889,-78.467027,-78.467064,-78.467163,-78.467281,-78.467552,-78.467786,-78.467825,-78.467867,-78.467967,-78.46801,-78.468038,-78.468217,-78.468254,-78.468397,-78.468439,-78.46857,-78.46866,-78.468751,-78.469383,-78.469746,-78.469927,-78.470108,-78.470371,-78.470583,-78.470708,-78.471532,-78.471898,-78.472097,-78.472249,-78.472282,-78.472355,-78.472547,-78.472747,-78.472872,-78.473165,-78.473352,-78.473517,-78.473624,-78.473752,-78.473792,-78.473968,-78.474283,-78.474507,-78.474596,-78.474818,-78.47495,-78.475025,-78.475203,-78.475292,-78.475784,-78.47592,-78.476234,-78.476362,-78.476529,-78.477028,-78.477146,-78.477226,-78.477398,-78.477578,-78.477712,-78.477757,-78.477847,-78.478205,-78.478294,-78.478384,-78.478784,-78.478919,-78.478964,-78.479053,-78.479458,-78.479899,-78.480246,-78.480415,-78.480739,-78.480817,-78.480859,-78.480896,-78.480977,-78.481348,-78.481686,-78.481805,-78.481849,-78.48193,-78.481973,-78.482017,-78.482108,-78.482147,-78.482182,-78.482421,-78.482598,-78.482933,-78.482966,-78.483023,-78.483154,-78.483178,-78.483246,-78.483268,-78.483371,-78.48341,-78.48354,-78.483579,-78.483644,-78.483863,-78.484169,-78.484492,-78.484616,-78.484745,-78.484826,-78.484927,-78.484965,-78.485087,-78.485502,-78.48567,-78.48606,-78.486238,-78.486327,-78.486451,-78.486525,-78.486553,-78.48662,-78.486636,-78.486666,-78.486687,-78.486679,-78.486647,-78.486585,-78.486529,-78.486501,-78.486461,-78.486393,-78.486241,-78.486183,-78.486025,-78.485923,-78.485704,-78.485319,-78.485288,-78.485216,-78.485099,-78.485043,-78.485029,-78.48499,-78.484979,-78.484931,-78.484907,-78.484892,-78.484885,-78.48486,-78.484853,-78.484839,-78.484817,-78.484761,-78.484737,-78.484728,-78.484728,-78.484791,-78.484818,-78.484879,-78.484957,-78.485001,-78.485091,-78.485635,-78.48613,-78.486264,-78.486351,-78.486395,-78.486568,-78.486612,-78.486828,-78.487201,-78.487675,-78.4878,-78.487926,-78.487969,-78.488009,-78.488141,-78.488229,-78.488449,-78.488618,-78.488763,-78.488866,-78.488975,-78.48904,-78.489108,-78.48916,-78.489175,-78.489211,-78.489221,-78.489234,-78.489241,-78.489195,-78.489158,-78.489069,-78.488992,-78.48893,-78.488904,-78.48881,-78.488742,-78.488612,-78.48818,-78.488031,-78.487772,-78.487635,-78.487482,-78.487246,-78.487182,-78.487124,-78.486729,-78.486572,-78.486337,-78.486281,-78.486269,-78.486228,-78.486139,-78.48611,-78.486005,-78.485974,-78.485896,-78.485866,-78.485809,-78.485687,-78.485598,-78.485558,-78.485357,-78.485179,-78.485146,-78.485007,-78.484908,-78.484806,-78.484737,-78.484686,-78.484651,-78.484654,-78.484648,-78.484652,-78.48468,-78.484722,-78.484756,-78.484911,-78.484928,-78.484935,-78.484925,-78.484923,-78.484938,-78.48496,-78.484991,-78.485033,-78.485123,-78.485259,-78.48535,-78.485393,-78.48543,-78.485461,-78.485515,-78.485541,-78.485549,-78.485578,-78.485635,-78.485739,-78.485836,-78.48595,-78.486078,-78.486168,-78.486259,-78.486486,-78.487111,-78.487155,-78.487245,-78.487333,-78.487463,-78.487587,-78.487665,-78.487737,-78.487836,-78.487892,-78.488162,-78.48829,-78.488372,-78.488465,-78.488607,-78.48896,-78.489041,-78.489592,-78.489933,-78.490402,-78.490816,-78.491135,-78.491363,-78.491674,-78.492086,-78.492456,-78.49291,-78.493027,-78.493275,-78.493654,-78.49421,-78.494367,-78.494535,-78.494653,-78.495021,-78.495123,-78.495221,-78.495339,-78.495383,-78.495473,-78.495654,-78.495871,-78.496004,-78.496095,-78.496184,-78.496228,-78.496268,-78.496526,-78.496643,-78.497003,-78.497131,-78.497437,-78.497616,-78.497886,-78.498158,-78.498431,-78.499295,-78.499474,-78.499555,-78.499726,-78.499953,-78.500042,-78.50021,-78.500284,-78.50037,-78.500388,-78.500467,-78.500504,-78.500722,-78.500743,-78.500753,-78.500749,-78.500722,-78.500546,-78.500527,-78.500526,-78.500424,-78.500418,-78.500418,-78.500458,-78.50045,-78.500448,-78.50043,-78.500434,-78.500427,-78.500418,-78.50041,-78.50039,-78.500393,-78.500382,-78.500383,-78.500376,-78.50037,-78.500373,-78.500369,-78.500377,-78.500372,-78.500375,-78.500392,-78.500441,-78.500493,-78.500551,-78.500559,-78.500555,-78.500547,-78.500539,-78.500547,-78.50056,-78.500582,-78.500635,-78.500714,-78.500806,-78.500873,-78.500951,-78.501032,-78.501121,-78.501257,-78.501302,-78.501432,-78.501514,-78.501631,-78.501817,-78.502008,-78.502126,-78.502208,-78.502295,-78.502471,-78.502877,-78.503104,-78.50324,-78.50355,-78.503771,-78.504113,-78.504319,-78.504434,-78.50454,-78.504842,-78.504914,-78.504994,-78.505082,-78.505219,-78.505305,-78.50547,-78.505693,-78.505795,-78.505992,-78.506022,-78.50612,-78.50633,-78.506625,-78.506983,-78.507474,-78.507711,-78.507748,-78.507883,-78.507944,-78.50811,-78.5084,-78.50873,-78.509099,-78.509168,-78.509283,-78.509339,-78.509376,-78.509386,-78.50942,-78.509462,-78.509502,-78.509507,-78.509547,-78.509556,-78.509593,-78.509639,-78.509686,-78.509704,-78.509759,-78.509783,-78.509817,-78.50994,-78.509985,-78.510074,-78.510158,-78.510198,-78.510281,-78.510477,-78.510665,-78.511019,-78.511253,-78.511507,-78.511606,-78.511629,-78.511823,-78.512306,-78.512351,-78.512593,-78.512649,-78.512685,-78.512851,-78.512883,-78.51291,-78.512922,-78.51302,-78.513063,-78.513076,-78.513078,-78.513115,-78.513136,-78.513172,-78.513366,-78.513513,-78.513587,-78.513709,-78.51389,-78.514,-78.514019,-78.514047,-78.514126,-78.514141,-78.514285,-78.514344,-78.51447,-78.514512,-78.514601,-78.514691,-78.51478,-78.51487,-78.514915,-78.51514,-78.515399,-78.515516,-78.515609,-78.515692,-78.51575,-78.515801,-78.515833,-78.515962,-78.516054,-78.516106,-78.516193,-78.516218,-78.51626,-78.51631,-78.516465,-78.516537,-78.516566,-78.516584,-78.516642,-78.516737,-78.516791,-78.517019,-78.517075,-78.517125,-78.51786,-78.517933,-78.517989,-78.518165,-78.518329,-78.518391,-78.51849,-78.518713,-78.518821,-78.518934,-78.519111,-78.519272,-78.519576,-78.519688,-78.519818,-78.51991,-78.519953,-78.520035,-78.520079,-78.520169,-78.520214,-78.52026,-78.520302,-78.52042,-78.520484,-78.520562,-78.520604,-78.520693,-78.520739,-78.520829,-78.520917,-78.521086,-78.521584,-78.521713,-78.521758,-78.521849,-78.521894,-78.521985,-78.522074,-78.522115,-78.522192,-78.522292,-78.522398,-78.522535,-78.52256,-78.522644,-78.52276,-78.522869,-78.522959,-78.523076,-78.523263,-78.523325,-78.523387,-78.523497,-78.523531,-78.52358,-78.523649,-78.523725,-78.523752,-78.523766,-78.523787,-78.524194,-78.524512,-78.524657,-78.524774,-78.525016,-78.525085,-78.525147,-78.525181,-78.525209,-78.525264,-78.52532,-78.525375,-78.525541,-78.525713,-78.525803,-78.525899,-78.526003,-78.526072,-78.526237,-78.52632,-78.526424,-78.526507,-78.526624,-78.52669,-78.527004,-78.527149,-78.527259,-78.527349,-78.527411,-78.527611,-78.527694,-78.527811,-78.528094,-78.52884,-78.529109,-78.529171,-78.529261,-78.529365,-78.529434,-78.529565,-78.529669,-78.529772,-78.5298,-78.529897,-78.530166,-78.530443,-78.53054,-78.530692,-78.531058,-78.531431,-78.531714,-78.532625,-78.533164,-78.533785,-78.534096,-78.534379,-78.534524,-78.534717,-78.534924,-78.535125,-78.53547,-78.535573,-78.535849,-78.536001,-78.536104,-78.536277,-78.536318,-78.536477,-78.536518,-78.536615,-78.536877,-78.536939,-78.537153,-78.53736,-78.537761,-78.537947,-78.538009,-78.538085,-78.538085,-78.538022,-78.537981,-78.537981,-78.537995,-78.538257,-78.538326,-78.53843,-78.538499,-78.538678,-78.53872,-78.538775,-78.538982,-78.539051,-78.539286,-78.539341,-78.539417,-78.539534,-78.539638,-78.539803,-78.539941,-78.540148,-78.540335,-78.540521,-78.540673,-78.541011,-78.542005,-78.542192,-78.542571,-78.543006,-78.543303,-78.543717,-78.543904,-78.544049,-78.544807,-78.545174,-78.54536,-78.54563,-78.54585,-78.546064,-78.546251,-78.546334,-78.546389,-78.546872,-78.546983,-78.547321,-78.547583,-78.547963,-78.548253,-78.548426,-78.548633,-78.548833,-78.548909,-78.548964,-78.549061,-78.549102,-78.54913,-78.54913,-78.549116,-78.54904,-78.548958,-78.548909,-78.548585,-78.548571,-78.548613,-78.548592,-78.548606,-78.548627,-78.548654,-78.548786,-78.549262,-78.54949,-78.549807,-78.550028,-78.550139,-78.550933,-78.551174,-78.551326,-78.551589,-78.551692,-78.551782,-78.551934,-78.552037,-78.552086,-78.552134,-78.552182,-78.552237,-78.552286,-78.552334,-78.552396,-78.552465,-78.552555,-78.552624,-78.55279,-78.552838,-78.552983,-78.553176,-78.553349,-78.553487,-78.553687,-78.553763,-78.553874,-78.553919,-78.553977,-78.554136,-78.554391,-78.554887,-78.554985,-78.55504,-78.555075,-78.555144,-78.555171,-78.555199,-78.555241,-78.555323,-78.555386,-78.555468,-78.555572,-78.555627,-78.555772,-78.555814,-78.555862,-78.556186,-78.556511,-78.556759,-78.557153,-78.557974,-78.558071,-78.558168,-78.558492,-78.55961,-78.560059,-78.56037,-78.560487,-78.56066,-78.560694,-78.56086,-78.560894,-78.56097,-78.561026,-78.561088,-78.56126,-78.561302,-78.561392,-78.561578,-78.561619,-78.56164,-78.561633,-78.561578,-78.561578,-78.561592,-78.561619,-78.561661,-78.561861,-78.561958,-78.562013,-78.562068,-78.562123,-78.562254,-78.56231,-78.562365,-78.562406,-78.562544,-78.562703,-78.56291,-78.563221,-78.563304,-78.563601,-78.563759,-78.564077,-78.564318,-78.564422,-78.564567,-78.564698,-78.564788,-78.565009,-78.565161,-78.565292,-78.565388,-78.565444,-78.565533,-78.565706,-78.566175,-78.566265,-78.566341,-78.566583,-78.566728,-78.566818,-78.5669,-78.567087,-78.567142,-78.567266,-78.56737,-78.567957,-78.568295,-78.568474,-78.568647,-78.568806,-78.568847,-78.568909,-78.568985,-78.569144,-78.569206,-78.569275,-78.569365,-78.569393,-78.569386,-78.569296,-78.569275,-78.569213,-78.569199,-78.569144,-78.569075,-78.56891,-78.568896,-78.568896,-78.568923,-78.568854,-78.568751,-78.568668,-78.568661,-78.568792,-78.568799,-78.568792,-78.568751,-78.568316,-78.568178,-78.568026,-78.567991,-78.567971,-78.567964,-78.567984,-78.568088,-78.568205,-78.568337,-78.568523,-78.568723,-78.569255,-78.569545,-78.569849,-78.570049,-78.570118,-78.570199,-78.570228,-78.570366,-78.57047,-78.570732,-78.570995,-78.571098,-78.571202,-78.571299,-78.571471,-78.571727,-78.572486,-78.572721,-78.573246,-78.573425,-78.573494,-78.573853,-78.573957,-78.574102,-78.574226,-78.574419,-78.574606,-78.574737,-78.575199,-78.575275,-78.575683,-78.575779,-78.576214,-78.576408,-78.576539,-78.576557,-78.57658,-78.577001,-78.577243,-78.577374,-78.57754,-78.57763,-78.578016,-78.578085,-78.57852,-78.578983,-78.579114,-78.579418,-78.57988,-78.580364,-78.580571,-78.580833,-78.581068,-78.581268,-78.581475,-78.581627,-78.581696,-78.581959,-78.582187,-78.582325,-78.582408,-78.582553,-78.582663,-78.583195,-78.584307,-78.585432,-78.585674,-78.585763,-78.585874,-78.586309,-78.586757,-78.586936,-78.587578,-78.587737,-78.587815,-78.588006,-78.588089,-78.588227,-78.588408,-78.588698,-78.588939,-78.589043,-78.58883,-78.588786,-78.588746,-78.588727,-78.588718,-78.588842,-78.588869,-78.588889,-78.588934,-78.588972,-78.589109,-78.589222,-78.589586,-78.59094,-78.591457,-78.592258,-78.59264,-78.593039,-78.593247,-78.593682,-78.593972,-78.59447,-78.594681,-78.595431,-78.59592,-78.596087,-78.596236,-78.596294,-78.59635,-78.596388,-78.596404,-78.5964,-78.596375,-78.596373,-78.596363,-78.596355,-78.596347,-78.596359,-78.59639,-78.596427,-78.596462,-78.5965,-78.596593,-78.597125,-78.597416,-78.597678,-78.598079,-78.598306,-78.598681,-78.598931,-78.599481,-78.599848,-78.600421,-78.600867,-78.601024,-78.601166,-78.60127,-78.601393,-78.601499,-78.601686,-78.601753,-78.601768,-78.601845,-78.601864,-78.601865,-78.601847,-78.601817,-78.601743,-78.601645,-78.601615,-78.601561,-78.601525,-78.601516,-78.601518,-78.601565,-78.601647,-78.601706,-78.601715,-78.601717,-78.601649,-78.601555,-78.601439,-78.60142,-78.601377,-78.601304,-78.601124,-78.601519,-78.602732,-78.603119,-78.603833,-78.605391,-78.60611,-78.606254,-78.607257,-78.607362,-78.608445,-78.608886,-78.609058,-78.60928,-78.609463,-78.609609,-78.609787,-78.610129,-78.610443,-78.611008,-78.611825,-78.611929,-78.612095,-78.612533,-78.61309,-78.614202,-78.615553,-78.616257,-78.616935,-78.61938,-78.619484,-78.619755,-78.620024,-78.620483,-78.621025,-78.621129,-78.621253,-78.621707,-78.621785,-78.621981,-78.622179,-78.623146,-78.623792,-78.624391,-78.624827,-78.62535,-78.625949,-78.626992,-78.628272,-78.628858,-78.629111,-78.629464,-78.629852,-78.63021,-78.630465,-78.630922,-78.631358,-78.631624,-78.631834,-78.632167,-78.632458,-78.632741,-78.63283,-78.632891,-78.632943,-78.632971,-78.633003,-78.633017,-78.633007,-78.633035,-78.633068,-78.633144,-78.633429,-78.633517,-78.633549,-78.633563,-78.633558,-78.633513,-78.633415,-78.633387,-78.63338,-78.633389,-78.633416,-78.633464,-78.633496,-78.633543,-78.633647,-78.63383,-78.633908,-78.634046,-78.634193,-78.63438,-78.634558,-78.634761,-78.634875,-78.635104,-78.635488,-78.636217,-78.636313,-78.636458,-78.636748,-78.636936,-78.637151,-78.637309,-78.637882,-78.638334,-78.638669,-78.638997,-78.639317,-78.640769,-78.641341,-78.641668,-78.641925,-78.642221,-78.642256,-78.642601,-78.642968,-78.643281,-78.643727,-78.644544,-78.644839,-78.645199,-78.645525,-78.645855,-78.646191,-78.646344,-78.646591,-78.646782,-78.647207,-78.647827,-78.648282,-78.648771,-78.648906,-78.649236,-78.649497,-78.649924,-78.650532,-78.651751,-78.652497,-78.653723,-78.654869,-78.656014,-78.657202,-78.657719,-78.657967,-78.65862,-78.658926,-78.659424,-78.661238,-78.661947,-78.663267,-78.663606,-78.663856,-78.664089,-78.664333,-78.6645,-78.664625,-78.664716,-78.664895,-78.665325,-78.665581,-78.665695,-78.666207,-78.666557,-78.667625,-78.667913,-78.668268,-78.668943,-78.669344,-78.669781,-78.670072,-78.670511,-78.671386,-78.671836,-78.672403,-78.672827,-78.673063,-78.67354,-78.673853,-78.674115,-78.674459,-78.674757,-78.6752,-78.675535,-78.676213,-78.676556,-78.676831,-78.677087,-78.677428,-78.677768,-78.678192,-78.678649,-78.679025,-78.679463,-78.679895,-78.680873,-78.68275,-78.683349,-78.68357,-78.684116,-78.685017,-78.685594,-78.686028,-78.686662,-78.686914,-78.68722,-78.6874,-78.687673,-78.687861,-78.688135,-78.689044,-78.68954,-78.690021,-78.69062,-78.690873,-78.691171,-78.69139,-78.691734,-78.692174,-78.692417,-78.692673,-78.693014,-78.693765,-78.69455,-78.694929,-78.695382,-78.695844,-78.696009,-78.696175,-78.696318,-78.696534,-78.696696,-78.696884,-78.696966,-78.697255,-78.697452,-78.697573,-78.697676,-78.697766,-78.697862,-78.69794,-78.697963,-78.697968,-78.697949,-78.697919,-78.697903,-78.697578,-78.69755,-78.69749,-78.697455,-78.697388,-78.697381,-78.697372,-78.697371,-78.697388,-78.697423,-78.697585,-78.697626,-78.697717,-78.697764,-78.697815,-78.697983,-78.698068,-78.698427,-78.698622,-78.699752,-78.699889,-78.700082,-78.700205,-78.700329,-78.700885,-78.701166,-78.70134,-78.701528,-78.70164,-78.701752,-78.702131,-78.702552,-78.702724,-78.702898,-78.70337,-78.703807,-78.70402,-78.704144,-78.704294,-78.704439,-78.704577,-78.704704,-78.704819,-78.704909,-78.705139,-78.705226,-78.705382,-78.705523,-78.7056,-78.705669,-78.705753,-78.705859,-78.705987,-78.706042,-78.706114,-78.706183,-78.706282,-78.706393,-78.706515,-78.706645,-78.706943,-78.707207,-78.707464,-78.707582,-78.707688,-78.707726,-78.707832,-78.70789,-78.707949,-78.707991,-78.708058,-78.708101,-78.708217,-78.708263,-78.708319,-78.708376,-78.708487,-78.708881,-78.709131,-78.709244,-78.709303,-78.709649,-78.709756,-78.709841,-78.709964,-78.710082,-78.710407,-78.710683,-78.710779,-78.710846,-78.710925,-78.711121,-78.711203,-78.711301,-78.71178,-78.71189,-78.711983,-78.712045,-78.712162,-78.712233,-78.712285,-78.712353,-78.712436,-78.713046,-78.713134,-78.713207,-78.713262,-78.713282,-78.713283,-78.713267,-78.713249,-78.713037,-78.712738,-78.712504,-78.712344,-78.712319,-78.712312,-78.712372,-78.712421,-78.712447,-78.71249,-78.712534,-78.712618,-78.712701,-78.712792,-78.712888,-78.713065,-78.713237,-78.713402,-78.714043,-78.714432,-78.714768,-78.715149,-78.715401,-78.715652,-78.71572,-78.716107,-78.716363,-78.717472,-78.71758,-78.717702,-78.717795,-78.717878,-78.717939,-78.718079,-78.718428,-78.718903,-78.719074,-78.719279],"lat":[37.635386,37.635543,37.635637,37.635844,37.635944,37.636045,37.636345,37.636546,37.636546,37.636646,37.636646,37.636645,37.636703,37.636741,37.637044,37.637443,37.637615,37.637678,37.637739,37.637761,37.637772,37.637788,37.637935,37.638132,37.638259,37.63844,37.638536,37.638557,37.638583,37.63884,37.639068,37.639457,37.63956,37.63956,37.639755,37.640062,37.640262,37.640526,37.640642,37.640832,37.640853,37.640873,37.640912,37.641046,37.641306,37.641485,37.641543,37.641608,37.641657,37.641688,37.641689,37.641668,37.641644,37.641696,37.641843,37.641903,37.641943,37.641952,37.642343,37.642743,37.643128,37.64317,37.643241,37.643639,37.643678,37.643698,37.643844,37.644142,37.644391,37.644433,37.645244,37.645453,37.64565,37.645745,37.646045,37.646229,37.646296,37.646454,37.646508,37.646549,37.646895,37.646903,37.646945,37.647345,37.647345,37.647545,37.647846,37.647946,37.648081,37.648089,37.648101,37.648146,37.648446,37.648546,37.648646,37.648869,37.648893,37.649046,37.649646,37.650147,37.650547,37.651147,37.651647,37.652047,37.652647,37.653248,37.653415,37.653448,37.653461,37.653848,37.654048,37.654348,37.654448,37.654748,37.655148,37.655168,37.655206,37.65585,37.656112,37.656374,37.656374,37.656389,37.656709,37.656803,37.65683,37.65688,37.656957,37.657039,37.657083,37.657259,37.657369,37.657468,37.657528,37.657727,37.657908,37.65815,37.658608,37.658746,37.659081,37.659216,37.659629,37.659729,37.660045,37.660252,37.660749,37.661012,37.661144,37.661348,37.661366,37.661543,37.661681,37.661799,37.661856,37.661942,37.662008,37.66203,37.662441,37.662643,37.66324,37.663945,37.664018,37.664051,37.664344,37.665146,37.666066,37.666445,37.667343,37.667944,37.668192,37.668639,37.668733,37.668756,37.668844,37.668855,37.668876,37.668943,37.669042,37.670191,37.670242,37.670472,37.67051,37.670546,37.670644,37.671142,37.67165,37.671685,37.671728,37.671751,37.671793,37.671848,37.671938,37.672443,37.672637,37.672646,37.672843,37.672943,37.673143,37.673443,37.673523,37.673527,37.673555,37.673599,37.673635,37.673735,37.673843,37.673943,37.674043,37.674143,37.674243,37.674291,37.674343,37.674543,37.674543,37.674743,37.674843,37.674912,37.674914,37.674943,37.675043,37.675043,37.675032,37.674943,37.674943,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675343,37.675643,37.675661,37.675709,37.675943,37.676043,37.676243,37.676443,37.676743,37.676943,37.677343,37.677943,37.678143,37.678643,37.678943,37.679242,37.679337,37.679843,37.680188,37.680268,37.680443,37.680843,37.681243,37.681347,37.681378,37.681643,37.682143,37.682643,37.682996,37.683143,37.683385,37.683743,37.683843,37.683943,37.684039,37.684443,37.684743,37.684943,37.685143,37.685543,37.685743,37.686015,37.686243,37.686643,37.687043,37.687137,37.68732,37.687502,37.687643,37.687757,37.688143,37.688743,37.689143,37.689743,37.690343,37.690843,37.691443,37.692243,37.692616,37.692943,37.693401,37.693443,37.694043,37.694743,37.695143,37.695177,37.695743,37.696043,37.696131,37.696343,37.696543,37.696754,37.696943,37.697243,37.697543,37.697843,37.698143,37.698343,37.698443,37.698543,37.698543,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698704,37.698664,37.69866,37.698643,37.698555,37.698553,37.698542,37.698442,37.698439,37.698435,37.698398,37.698381,37.698373,37.698368,37.698359,37.698342,37.698242,37.697963,37.697741,37.697641,37.697441,37.697269,37.69704,37.69665,37.696642,37.696635,37.696615,37.696455,37.69624,37.695839,37.695539,37.695217,37.694939,37.694438,37.694046,37.693845,37.693777,37.693437,37.693359,37.693344,37.693337,37.69333,37.693043,37.692941,37.692875,37.692837,37.692787,37.692734,37.69163,37.69156,37.691532,37.691518,37.691507,37.691336,37.691324,37.690938,37.690337,37.690118,37.690106,37.689937,37.689776,37.689537,37.689313,37.688936,37.688903,37.68888,37.688154,37.688123,37.6881,37.687859,37.687135,37.686535,37.686135,37.685735,37.685334,37.684834,37.684577,37.684334,37.683734,37.683257,37.683133,37.682733,37.682333,37.682233,37.682069,37.682059,37.681833,37.681689,37.681532,37.681387,37.681119,37.681058,37.680997,37.680971,37.680905,37.680866,37.680833,37.680543,37.680181,37.67965,37.679326,37.679012,37.678732,37.678551,37.678215,37.678027,37.677889,37.677758,37.677723,37.677678,37.677676,37.677578,37.677504,37.677396,37.677313,37.67729,37.677287,37.67729,37.67729,37.677291,37.677294,37.677371,37.677435,37.677454,37.67747,37.677639,37.677749,37.677941,37.677977,37.678035,37.678264,37.678289,37.678363,37.678428,37.678493,37.67854,37.678588,37.678775,37.67914,37.67934,37.679941,37.679972,37.680046,37.680129,37.680141,37.680241,37.680252,37.68026,37.680341,37.680436,37.680444,37.680459,37.680476,37.680541,37.680678,37.680742,37.680778,37.680798,37.680823,37.680887,37.680895,37.680983,37.681042,37.681242,37.681342,37.681343,37.681343,37.681443,37.681443,37.681613,37.681665,37.681704,37.681742,37.681673,37.681677,37.681697,37.681789,37.681872,37.68192,37.681947,37.682042,37.682691,37.682719,37.682786,37.682832,37.682962,37.683156,37.683262,37.683319,37.683421,37.683608,37.683675,37.684099,37.684317,37.684477,37.684746,37.684884,37.685155,37.685363,37.685575,37.685716,37.685893,37.685927,37.685962,37.686104,37.686207,37.686239,37.686308,37.686369,37.686425,37.686461,37.68646,37.686445,37.686349,37.686417,37.686443,37.68659,37.686743,37.686843,37.687212,37.687243,37.687643,37.688243,37.688543,37.689043,37.689224,37.689443,37.689706,37.689843,37.690343,37.690392,37.690443,37.690508,37.690543,37.690606,37.691143,37.691743,37.692043,37.692243,37.692543,37.692743,37.693343,37.693643,37.694043,37.694343,37.694643,37.694843,37.694943,37.69503,37.695143,37.69534,37.695543,37.695612,37.695643,37.695731,37.695943,37.696443,37.696643,37.696943,37.697443,37.697743,37.698143,37.698443,37.698743,37.699243,37.699443,37.699643,37.700043,37.700341,37.700343,37.700443,37.700443,37.700443,37.70053,37.701343,37.701643,37.701943,37.702443,37.703143,37.703543,37.703943,37.704743,37.704906,37.704943,37.705243,37.705443,37.705572,37.705743,37.706143,37.706543,37.706743,37.707443,37.707743,37.70866,37.709051,37.709343,37.709743,37.710143,37.710543,37.710643,37.711143,37.71137,37.711543,37.711881,37.712043,37.712243,37.712443,37.712843,37.713244,37.713543,37.713944,37.714243,37.714544,37.714643,37.714892,37.714951,37.715343,37.715441,37.715515,37.715656,37.715675,37.71575,37.716039,37.716154,37.716262,37.716405,37.716566,37.716643,37.717244,37.717343,37.717743,37.718144,37.718344,37.718692,37.718743,37.718843,37.718942,37.719143,37.719243,37.719743,37.719943,37.720243,37.720343,37.720613,37.720643,37.720965,37.721043,37.721343,37.721643,37.721943,37.722245,37.722443,37.722823,37.724145,37.724543,37.724643,37.724945,37.725044,37.725143,37.725211,37.725245,37.725345,37.725543,37.726143,37.726843,37.727243,37.727543,37.727843,37.728046,37.728243,37.728543,37.728643,37.728743,37.728843,37.729044,37.729258,37.729294,37.729443,37.729746,37.730043,37.730343,37.730445,37.730543,37.730843,37.731043,37.731081,37.731098,37.731318,37.731555,37.73162,37.731643,37.731843,37.73195,37.732143,37.732343,37.732399,37.732443,37.732543,37.732562,37.732744,37.732843,37.732943,37.733084,37.733717,37.735598,37.73715,37.738273,37.739214,37.7401,37.741235,37.741859,37.742858,37.744059,37.746043,37.747075,37.748005,37.748527,37.749095,37.749867,37.750945,37.752207,37.752872,37.754221,37.75497,37.755798,37.756321,37.75655,37.756575,37.756497,37.756218,37.756232,37.756234,37.75602,37.755398,37.755243,37.755048,37.754834,37.754755,37.754756,37.754756,37.754757,37.754746,37.754659,37.754599,37.754362,37.754182,37.754046,37.754047,37.754206,37.754467,37.754755,37.754875,37.755272,37.755839,37.756042,37.7563,37.75641,37.756656,37.756761,37.756849,37.757155,37.757326,37.757389,37.757394,37.757621,37.757909,37.758157,37.758194,37.75829,37.759515,37.760275,37.760627,37.760866,37.761342,37.761852,37.762226,37.762424,37.762521,37.7627,37.762805,37.763293,37.763492,37.763554,37.763611,37.763634,37.763759,37.763907,37.763998,37.763941,37.763693,37.763466,37.76333,37.763104,37.76301,37.762957,37.762765,37.762684,37.76255,37.762438,37.762302,37.761589,37.759427,37.758217,37.758047,37.758059,37.757437,37.757222,37.757323,37.757494,37.757892,37.757993,37.758956,37.76053,37.761594,37.7631,37.763302,37.764369,37.766,37.767642,37.769329,37.772443,37.77652,37.779544,37.782823,37.784663,37.786962,37.789272,37.790674,37.790755,37.791231,37.794018,37.794109,37.795192,37.795672,37.796177,37.796939,37.796963,37.796956,37.796938,37.796886,37.796805,37.796758,37.796695,37.796442,37.796117,37.795905,37.795726,37.795093,37.794968,37.794354,37.793582,37.793422,37.792796,37.791846,37.790944,37.790083,37.789757,37.789688,37.788689,37.78761,37.786258,37.78531,37.785196,37.785129,37.784946,37.784177,37.784048,37.783649,37.783528,37.782282,37.779737,37.778438,37.777602,37.776445,37.775118,37.773871,37.773277,37.772536,37.771859,37.771168,37.770509,37.769014,37.768019,37.767137,37.766741,37.766596,37.766522,37.766511,37.765889,37.765206,37.765016,37.764998,37.764783,37.764568,37.764276,37.763251,37.763239,37.763129,37.762552,37.762197,37.761619,37.761486,37.761017,37.760846,37.7602,37.759782,37.759455,37.759243,37.75914,37.759134,37.759122,37.758787,37.75838,37.7579,37.757726,37.757393,37.757125,37.7566,37.756172,37.755928,37.755596,37.755383,37.75513,37.754908,37.75462,37.75426,37.753844,37.753767,37.753419,37.752899,37.752785,37.752116,37.752098,37.751895,37.751642,37.751626,37.751609,37.751538,37.751296,37.751208,37.751164,37.751044,37.751022,37.75095,37.750873,37.750769,37.7505,37.750429,37.750354,37.750143,37.750123,37.75006,37.750041,37.749996,37.749859,37.749755,37.749695,37.74959,37.749491,37.749398,37.749349,37.749343,37.749266,37.749118,37.749081,37.749059,37.749046,37.748904,37.748904,37.748915,37.748964,37.74903,37.749145,37.749184,37.749233,37.749283,37.749299,37.749283,37.74925,37.749223,37.749218,37.749184,37.749126,37.749079,37.749057,37.748964,37.748876,37.748689,37.748448,37.74819,37.748036,37.747946,37.747916,37.74724,37.746993,37.746718,37.746608,37.746323,37.746164,37.745823,37.745587,37.744735,37.744411,37.744354,37.744061,37.743969,37.743955,37.743864,37.743791,37.743038,37.742791,37.742044,37.74161,37.741579,37.741503,37.741462,37.741324,37.740874,37.740533,37.740478,37.740451,37.740237,37.740209,37.740198,37.740138,37.740083,37.740077,37.740102,37.740115,37.74011,37.740082,37.739912,37.739742,37.739544,37.73945,37.739362,37.73906,37.738972,37.738675,37.738527,37.738505,37.738505,37.738543,37.738543,37.738466,37.738439,37.738433,37.738449,37.738433,37.738394,37.738339,37.738273,37.738235,37.738191,37.738176,37.73818,37.738105,37.737977,37.737747,37.737713,37.737428,37.737247,37.737195,37.737023,37.736971,37.736942,37.736779,37.73668,37.736402,37.736152,37.73591,37.735788,37.735734,37.73543,37.735345,37.735263,37.735173,37.735109,37.734922,37.734786,37.734736,37.734708,37.734678,37.734668,37.734673,37.734717,37.734777,37.734799,37.734933,37.73497,37.735008,37.735017,37.73502,37.73501,37.735007,37.735005,37.734999,37.734981,37.734963,37.734959,37.734958,37.734955,37.734954,37.734915,37.734864,37.734859,37.734859,37.734863,37.734863,37.734872,37.734889,37.734893,37.734894,37.734902,37.734916,37.734919,37.734921,37.734922,37.734929,37.734943,37.734945,37.734962,37.73496,37.734971,37.734966,37.734983,37.734978,37.734988,37.734987,37.735003,37.735008,37.735002,37.735009,37.73501,37.735006,37.735013,37.735021,37.735025,37.735027,37.73503,37.735026,37.735028,37.735034,37.735029,37.735037,37.735027,37.734994,37.734883,37.734844,37.734835,37.734785,37.734741,37.734719,37.734793,37.734748,37.734696,37.734589,37.734458,37.734432,37.734373,37.73432,37.73429,37.734267,37.734196,37.734089,37.734056,37.73404,37.734028,37.733951,37.733929,37.733884,37.733822,37.733783,37.733746,37.733651,37.733574,37.733569,37.733561,37.733558,37.733546,37.73361,37.733614,37.733667,37.733688,37.733743,37.733754,37.733743,37.733737,37.733748,37.733794,37.733797,37.733967,37.733978,37.733956,37.733906,37.733901,37.733917,37.734008,37.734021,37.734054,37.734059,37.734046,37.734032,37.733999,37.733938,37.733921,37.733674,37.733631,37.733589,37.733583,37.733454,37.733371,37.733326,37.733287,37.733183,37.733117,37.733092,37.732994,37.732896,37.732858,37.732851,37.732777,37.732679,37.73264,37.732569,37.732372,37.732268,37.732131,37.732092,37.732044,37.731972,37.731856,37.731812,37.731796,37.731769,37.73178,37.731912,37.731984,37.731989,37.731948,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731918,37.731897,37.731869,37.731836,37.731806,37.731783,37.731628,37.731587,37.731538,37.731515,37.731499,37.731495,37.731474,37.731353,37.731194,37.731156,37.730975,37.730892,37.730777,37.730695,37.730637,37.730393,37.730031,37.7298,37.729548,37.729416,37.729273,37.728927,37.728779,37.728691,37.72845,37.728323,37.728175,37.728127,37.728113,37.728022,37.727923,37.727786,37.727731,37.727572,37.727484,37.727418,37.727331,37.72727,37.727204,37.727133,37.7271,37.727073,37.727031,37.726968,37.726962,37.726848,37.726716,37.725942,37.72541,37.725223,37.725196,37.725179,37.725178,37.724786,37.724041,37.723965,37.723402,37.723303,37.723239,37.722987,37.722701,37.722547,37.722462,37.721978,37.721903,37.721559,37.721314,37.721046,37.720998,37.720756,37.720717,37.720701,37.720708,37.720712,37.720756,37.720739,37.720663,37.720586,37.720525,37.720476,37.720163,37.72007,37.719977,37.719691,37.719598,37.71951,37.719464,37.719433,37.719093,37.719054,37.718939,37.718846,37.718808,37.718676,37.718638,37.718539,37.718506,37.718325,37.718237,37.718197,37.717952,37.717825,37.717782,37.717727,37.717364,37.717299,37.717074,37.71687,37.716821,37.7167,37.716607,37.716431,37.716338,37.716245,37.716157,37.716086,37.716064,37.715981,37.715987,37.715976,37.715948,37.715916,37.715866,37.715795,37.715787,37.715643,37.715643,37.715543,37.715543,37.715543,37.715584,37.715643,37.715643,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715743,37.715643,37.715643,37.715643,37.715596,37.715143,37.715074,37.715072,37.715069,37.715043,37.714703,37.714643,37.71459,37.714582,37.714577,37.714565,37.714136,37.714126,37.714059,37.713971,37.713908,37.713817,37.713583,37.713333,37.713127,37.712945,37.712914,37.712671,37.712424,37.712232,37.711966,37.711896,37.711683,37.711542,37.711155,37.711048,37.710943,37.710841,37.710742,37.710649,37.710539,37.710449,37.710372,37.710293,37.710173,37.71006,37.709977,37.709893,37.709881,37.709874,37.70987,37.709875,37.709871,37.709887,37.709901,37.709942,37.709991,37.710071,37.710162,37.71026,37.710307,37.710313,37.710322,37.710385,37.71047,37.710529,37.710648,37.710665,37.71069,37.710694,37.710708,37.710751,37.710763,37.710828,37.710987,37.710998,37.711042,37.711074,37.711092,37.711088,37.711092,37.711077,37.711083,37.711043,37.711028,37.711017,37.710997,37.710991,37.710971,37.71096,37.710947,37.710935,37.710869,37.710866,37.710849,37.710829,37.710834,37.710824,37.710816,37.710827,37.710826,37.71086,37.710892,37.710911,37.710914,37.710946,37.710951,37.711031,37.711067,37.711074,37.711074,37.711083,37.711084,37.711078,37.711088,37.711079,37.711082,37.711069,37.711075,37.711063,37.711068,37.711055,37.711057,37.711046,37.711052,37.711043,37.711041,37.71105,37.711085,37.711293,37.711333,37.711396,37.711511,37.71154,37.711586,37.71159,37.711605,37.711607,37.711625,37.711626,37.711657,37.711648,37.711637,37.711637,37.711647,37.711686,37.711713,37.711784,37.711833,37.711902,37.711928,37.711987,37.712106,37.712146,37.712191,37.712201,37.712229,37.712283,37.71233,37.712349,37.712399,37.712417,37.712506,37.712532,37.712753,37.71296,37.71301,37.71312,37.713163,37.713191,37.713288,37.713318,37.713343,37.713376,37.713407,37.713458,37.713468,37.713505,37.713533,37.71362,37.713649,37.713659,37.713752,37.713788,37.713886,37.714008,37.714076,37.714201,37.714286,37.714438,37.714538,37.714602,37.714676,37.714718,37.714854,37.714899,37.715081,37.715173,37.715238,37.715278,37.715306,37.715332,37.71533,37.715314,37.715287,37.715211,37.715112,37.715018,37.714934,37.714833,37.714777,37.714717,37.714669,37.714613,37.714466,37.714164,37.714106,37.714014,37.713918,37.713815,37.713709,37.713638,37.7135,37.713365,37.713297,37.713234,37.7132,37.713137,37.712971,37.712903,37.712691,37.712621,37.712586,37.712517,37.712413,37.712381,37.712349,37.712316,37.712286,37.712252,37.712152,37.71212,37.712086,37.711955,37.711887,37.711781,37.711675,37.711569,37.711501,37.711399,37.711301,37.711239,37.711153,37.711131,37.711078,37.711029,37.710951,37.710907,37.710867,37.710801,37.710765,37.710624,37.710453,37.710383,37.710122,37.709963,37.709807,37.709638,37.709567,37.709511,37.709498,37.709474,37.709409,37.709387,37.709296,37.709255,37.70924,37.709216,37.709182,37.709099,37.709029,37.708986,37.708972,37.708931,37.708816,37.708771,37.708693,37.708646,37.708626,37.708578,37.708476,37.7083,37.708174,37.708042,37.707918,37.707884,37.707795,37.707744,37.707704,37.707645,37.707616,37.707614,37.707617,37.70763,37.707642,37.707673,37.707696,37.707807,37.708003,37.708114,37.70814,37.708206,37.708225,37.708376,37.708546,37.708662,37.708701,37.70877,37.708856,37.708992,37.709068,37.709085,37.709094,37.709096,37.709091,37.70905,37.709073,37.709091,37.709094,37.709089,37.709053,37.709051,37.709036,37.708963,37.70892,37.708759,37.708702,37.708695,37.708643,37.708566,37.708403,37.708276,37.708224,37.708166,37.708134,37.708031,37.707926,37.707786,37.707682,37.707615,37.707516,37.707339,37.70727,37.707168,37.706982,37.706953,37.706876,37.706821,37.706777,37.706766,37.706741,37.70672,37.706692,37.706545,37.706539,37.706554,37.706617,37.706699,37.706717,37.706728,37.706729,37.706717,37.706698,37.706679,37.706639,37.706624,37.706486,37.706338,37.706302,37.706242,37.706198,37.706104,37.70605,37.705871,37.705617,37.705471,37.705359,37.705214,37.705117,37.704548,37.704351,37.70398,37.703917,37.703584,37.703474,37.703397,37.703239,37.70294,37.702752,37.702597,37.702569,37.702469,37.702384,37.702306,37.702218,37.702141,37.702053,37.701988,37.701919,37.70178,37.701148,37.701078,37.700725,37.700549,37.699279,37.698963,37.698893,37.69879,37.698692,37.698634,37.698584,37.69855,37.698539,37.698525,37.698524,37.698528,37.698526,37.698519,37.698549,37.698575,37.698619,37.69863,37.698731,37.698778,37.698785,37.698812,37.698823,37.69882,37.69881,37.698832,37.698848,37.698891,37.699003,37.699045,37.699236,37.699258,37.699597,37.699792,37.700258,37.700821,37.700895,37.700921,37.701005,37.701118,37.701309,37.701448,37.701551,37.701775,37.701875,37.701957,37.702159,37.702327,37.702375,37.702521,37.702593,37.702713,37.70278,37.702798,37.702809,37.702831,37.702857,37.70288,37.702923,37.702938,37.702973,37.703,37.703008,37.703038,37.703059,37.703096,37.703134,37.703207,37.703252,37.703334,37.703713,37.703828,37.704073,37.704082,37.704266,37.704783,37.705012,37.705229,37.705362,37.705446,37.70551,37.70553,37.705554,37.705578,37.705583,37.705582,37.705602,37.705616,37.705638,37.705663,37.705706,37.70577,37.70591,37.705931,37.705987,37.706109,37.70616,37.706185,37.706195,37.706201,37.706192,37.706151,37.706109,37.70604,37.70595,37.705867,37.705836,37.705807,37.705797,37.705782,37.705696,37.705544,37.705314,37.704703,37.704462,37.704367,37.704338,37.704274,37.704182,37.703999,37.703823,37.703738,37.703713,37.703643,37.70356,37.703236,37.703122,37.703064,37.702912,37.702736,37.702621,37.702395,37.70229,37.702221,37.702212,37.702186,37.701951,37.701932,37.701815,37.701772,37.701678,37.701587,37.701331,37.701271,37.70115,37.700558,37.700403,37.700213,37.700027,37.699921,37.699808,37.699752,37.699712,37.699698,37.699564,37.699527,37.699494,37.699385,37.699287,37.69911,37.698919,37.698841,37.698706,37.698476,37.698235,37.698178,37.698153,37.69799,37.697933,37.697854,37.697714,37.697606,37.697508,37.6974,37.697314,37.697251,37.697219,37.697208,37.697214,37.69722,37.697234,37.697263,37.697289,37.697322,37.697452,37.697502,37.697533,37.697562,37.697589,37.697594,37.697599,37.697571,37.69751,37.697493,37.69748,37.697475,37.697473,37.697468,37.697443,37.697432,37.697335,37.697325,37.697305,37.697298,37.697222,37.697148,37.69709,37.697057,37.697006,37.696947,37.696881,37.69681,37.696756,37.696667,37.696479,37.696282,37.696078,37.695871,37.695766,37.695696,37.695661,37.695344,37.695239,37.695101,37.694902,37.694811,37.694756,37.694722,37.694695,37.694646,37.694446,37.694363,37.694211,37.694178,37.694136,37.694116,37.694108,37.694108,37.694095,37.69407,37.694062,37.694058,37.694049,37.694046,37.694052,37.69407,37.694065,37.694046,37.694023,37.693975,37.693916,37.693848,37.693771,37.693579,37.693517,37.69342,37.693179,37.693039,37.692968,37.692758,37.692617,37.692303,37.692165,37.69186,37.691594,37.691529,37.691264,37.690838,37.690606,37.690538,37.690472,37.6903,37.690125,37.69002,37.689879,37.689847,37.689779,37.689713,37.689626,37.689377,37.689324,37.689228,37.688956,37.68886,37.688755,37.688668,37.688582,37.68844,37.688405,37.688336,37.688202,37.688105,37.687983,37.687897,37.687875,37.687837,37.687804,37.68776,37.687739,37.687725,37.687672,37.687613,37.687423,37.687325,37.687282,37.687132,37.687076,37.686915,37.686691,37.686602,37.686509,37.686096,37.686004,37.68595,37.685887,37.685838,37.685801,37.685745,37.685681,37.685533,37.68544,37.685433,37.685421,37.68541,37.685373,37.68536,37.68534,37.685277,37.685218,37.685112,37.684996,37.684943,37.684913,37.684848,37.684745,37.68464,37.684498,37.684392,37.684182,37.68394,37.683804,37.683738,37.683613,37.683523,37.683472,37.683451,37.683401,37.683362,37.683353,37.683344,37.683341,37.683267,37.683085,37.683014,37.682932,37.682827,37.682789,37.682377,37.682322,37.682256,37.68224,37.682245,37.682284,37.682295,37.682289,37.682267,37.68224,37.682207,37.682141,37.682097,37.682075,37.682064,37.682059,37.68207,37.68213,37.682147,37.682306,37.682356,37.682433,37.682515,37.682696,37.682746,37.682768,37.682872,37.682889,37.682883,37.682823,37.682729,37.682504,37.682301,37.682246,37.68212,37.681824,37.681236,37.681005,37.680621,37.680534,37.680491,37.680331,37.679823,37.679523,37.679331,37.679162,37.679027,37.678736,37.678446,37.678159,37.678056,37.677883,37.677658,37.677544,37.677433,37.677219,37.676577,37.676403,37.676183,37.675962,37.675785,37.675689,37.675594,37.675501,37.675412,37.675305,37.675205,37.675075,37.67479,37.674556,37.674376,37.674256,37.674191,37.674186,37.674148,37.674141,37.673916,37.67305,37.672735,37.6727,37.67263,37.672244,37.671997,37.671398,37.67108,37.670267,37.669984,37.669808,37.669772,37.669666,37.669597,37.669562,37.669388,37.668768,37.668632,37.668599,37.668539,37.668459,37.668427,37.668402,37.668361,37.668353,37.668369,37.668407,37.668419,37.668389,37.668378,37.668377,37.66836,37.668315,37.668239,37.667981,37.667815,37.667697,37.667545,37.667513,37.667475,37.667432,37.667414,37.667356,37.667288,37.667098,37.667061,37.666971,37.666881,37.666854,37.666766,37.666666,37.666596,37.66656,37.666421,37.666285,37.666189,37.6661,37.666074,37.66597,37.665931,37.665805,37.665451,37.665361,37.665137,37.664957,37.664783,37.664716,37.664643,37.664455,37.664369,37.664212,37.664113,37.66401,37.663869,37.663763,37.663692,37.663553,37.663486,37.663358,37.663176,37.662737,37.662596,37.662488,37.662422,37.662385,37.662296,37.662263,37.662251,37.662195,37.662172,37.662117,37.662024,37.661923,37.661887,37.66171,37.661641,37.661608,37.661515,37.66144,37.661399,37.661359,37.661341,37.661339,37.661335,37.661344,37.661341,37.661343,37.66134,37.661342,37.661337,37.661322,37.661299,37.661225,37.661097,37.661049,37.661029,37.660907,37.660679,37.660414,37.66029,37.660227,37.66007,37.659659,37.659578,37.659524,37.659416,37.659318,37.659269,37.659237,37.659194,37.659181,37.65916,37.659144,37.659131,37.659134,37.65918,37.659211,37.65922,37.65923,37.659248,37.659318,37.659356,37.659384,37.659459,37.659542,37.659591,37.659604,37.659602,37.659593,37.659545,37.659529,37.659507,37.659327,37.659277,37.659205,37.659153,37.659052,37.658923,37.658871,37.658725,37.658679,37.658606,37.658525,37.658437,37.658342,37.658212,37.658109,37.657931,37.657825,37.657719,37.657649,37.657404,37.657299,37.657195,37.657092,37.656924,37.656735,37.65665,37.656541,37.656355,37.656207,37.656053,37.655779,37.655555,37.655536,37.655274,37.655202,37.655072,37.655018,37.654994,37.65494,37.654739,37.654601,37.654161,37.653521,37.65344,37.652826,37.652736,37.652535,37.652406,37.652378,37.652253,37.652175,37.651979,37.651886,37.65179,37.65169,37.651385,37.651212,37.650935,37.650726,37.65055,37.650374,37.650274,37.650177,37.650056,37.64997,37.6496,37.649544,37.64952,37.64944,37.649411,37.649357,37.649269,37.649177,37.648699,37.648575,37.64849,37.648413,37.648345,37.648242,37.648163,37.648124,37.648094,37.648094,37.648086,37.648085,37.648091,37.648104,37.648126,37.648138,37.648171,37.648262,37.648362,37.648393,37.648469,37.648582,37.648643,37.648689,37.648812,37.648867,37.648969,37.649106,37.649164,37.649529,37.649787,37.649848,37.650323,37.650515,37.650581,37.650711,37.651084,37.652011,37.652288,37.652567,37.652741,37.653056,37.653293,37.653454,37.653578,37.65378,37.653859,37.654006,37.654228,37.654349,37.654425,37.654561,37.654601,37.654639,37.654657,37.654659,37.654649,37.654599,37.654581,37.654554,37.654474,37.654407,37.654335,37.654307,37.654257,37.654202,37.654041,37.653984,37.653902,37.653748,37.653701,37.653567,37.653264,37.65324,37.653222,37.653178,37.653028,37.652881,37.652693,37.652433,37.651701,37.651636,37.651238,37.65033,37.650265,37.649923,37.649724,37.649604,37.649525,37.649346,37.648953,37.648826,37.64879,37.648684,37.648639,37.648543,37.648393,37.648256,37.648057,37.647851,37.64776,37.647538,37.647478,37.64735,37.647323,37.64726,37.647201,37.647064,37.646918,37.646873,37.646785,37.646742,37.646713,37.646687,37.646683,37.646689,37.646843,37.646845,37.646878,37.646946,37.647075,37.647119,37.647175,37.647215,37.647235,37.647263,37.647286,37.647298,37.647315,37.647429,37.647512,37.647708,37.647905,37.648061,37.648391,37.648642,37.648952,37.649547,37.649576,37.649638,37.649726,37.649864,37.649964,37.649984,37.650035,37.650057,37.650069,37.650071,37.650061,37.650039,37.649986,37.649957,37.649867,37.649849,37.649826,37.649766,37.649705,37.649679,37.649595,37.649564,37.649368,37.649265,37.649161,37.649019,37.648879,37.648776,37.648675,37.648616,37.648554,37.648416,37.647627,37.647167,37.647091,37.646977,37.646945,37.646877,37.646806,37.646737,37.646637,37.646605,37.646547,37.646494,37.646284,37.646198,37.645822,37.645744,37.645694,37.6456,37.645523,37.645435,37.645309,37.645146,37.644947,37.644813,37.644778,37.644711,37.644676,37.644607,37.644536,37.644359,37.64429,37.644185,37.644151,37.644093,37.644072,37.644044,37.644027,37.644015,37.64397,37.643968,37.643958,37.643946,37.64395,37.643948,37.643938,37.643926,37.643873,37.643797,37.64375,37.643696,37.643636,37.643483,37.643403,37.643345,37.643235,37.642964,37.642776,37.64255,37.642516,37.642283,37.642183,37.641979,37.641771,37.641558,37.64131,37.641098,37.640889,37.640855,37.640786,37.640717,37.64058,37.640533,37.640447,37.64038,37.640221,37.6401,37.640015,37.639863,37.639725,37.639682,37.639658,37.639398,37.639185,37.639047,37.638809,37.638677,37.63849,37.638153,37.638078,37.638068,37.638039,37.638031,37.637969,37.637951,37.637937,37.637918,37.637851,37.637674,37.637594,37.637588,37.637261,37.637253,37.637073,37.636987,37.636962,37.636945,37.636933,37.636877,37.636814,37.63679,37.636617,37.636584,37.636547,37.636524,37.636427,37.636351,37.636322,37.636228,37.636117,37.636066,37.635984,37.635868,37.63557,37.635295,37.634893,37.634576,37.634484,37.634396,37.634235,37.634014,37.633759,37.633704,37.633474,37.63335,37.633125,37.632794,37.632397,37.632228,37.631986,37.63181,37.63156,37.631455,37.631209,37.630964,37.630788,37.630398,37.630363,37.630294,37.630225,37.63019,37.630088,37.629957,37.629862,37.629804,37.629772,37.629687,37.629638,37.629568,37.629437,37.629378,37.629304,37.629221,37.629175,37.629163,37.629136,37.629131,37.62914,37.629158,37.629207,37.629227,37.629299,37.629407,37.629692,37.629967,37.630013,37.630075,37.630191,37.630252,37.630281,37.630441,37.630461,37.630516,37.630532,37.630557,37.630569,37.630572,37.630554,37.630553,37.630557,37.630577,37.630623,37.630682,37.630721,37.63102,37.631167,37.63126,37.631338,37.631362,37.631403,37.631553,37.631747,37.63185,37.63207,37.632224,37.632344,37.63241,37.632446,37.632462,37.632498,37.632537,37.63255,37.632548,37.63256,37.632559,37.632562,37.632569,37.632565,37.632575,37.632582,37.632611,37.632644,37.632697,37.632943,37.632995,37.633025,37.633069,37.633093,37.633101,37.633098,37.633102,37.6331,37.633095,37.633097,37.633093,37.633096,37.633102,37.6331,37.633141,37.633222,37.633299,37.633346,37.63346,37.633495,37.633506,37.633527,37.633557,37.63376,37.633938,37.633988,37.633997,37.634025,37.634036,37.634041,37.634032,37.634014,37.633992,37.633732,37.633572,37.633291,37.633269,37.633217,37.633129,37.6331,37.63306,37.63303,37.632968,37.632952,37.63286,37.632843,37.632796,37.632673,37.632521,37.632388,37.632345,37.632311,37.632298,37.632227,37.632208,37.632161,37.632012,37.631958,37.631875,37.631852,37.631836,37.631793,37.631751,37.631723,37.63163,37.631597,37.631493,37.631318,37.631213,37.631109,37.630976,37.630881,37.630853,37.63079,37.6307,37.630525,37.63047,37.630342,37.630272,37.630149,37.629967,37.629942,37.629902,37.629794,37.629699,37.629667,37.629605,37.629572,37.629477,37.629448,37.629415,37.629382,37.629353,37.62932,37.629288,37.629258,37.629092,37.62899,37.62892,37.628814,37.628681,37.628652,37.6286,37.628564,37.628555,37.628551,37.628588,37.628614,37.628611,37.628596,37.628592,37.628555,37.62855,37.628507,37.628377,37.628171,37.628128,37.628095,37.62809,37.628074,37.628057,37.628051,37.628028,37.627973,37.62789,37.627821,37.627708,37.627615,37.627483,37.627347,37.627278,37.627035,37.627001,37.626897,37.626721,37.626584,37.62652,37.626397,37.62631,37.62626,37.626231,37.626155,37.626109,37.626012,37.625766,37.625687,37.625542,37.625449,37.62532,37.625155,37.625106,37.625051,37.624539,37.624327,37.623988,37.623893,37.623859,37.623797,37.623638,37.623572,37.62338,37.623315,37.62319,37.623124,37.623029,37.622842,37.62272,37.622657,37.622382,37.622098,37.622032,37.621811,37.621614,37.621341,37.621134,37.620961,37.620752,37.620717,37.620612,37.620507,37.620403,37.620302,37.620237,37.620019,37.619986,37.61988,37.619845,37.61981,37.61974,37.619709,37.619683,37.619669,37.619667,37.619679,37.619679,37.619667,37.619646,37.61962,37.619485,37.619345,37.619275,37.61919,37.619075,37.618958,37.618884,37.618826,37.618789,37.618779,37.618779,37.618787,37.618858,37.618867,37.618876,37.618892,37.618925,37.618968,37.619004,37.619049,37.619122,37.619178,37.619482,37.619629,37.619713,37.619791,37.619879,37.620036,37.620068,37.620313,37.620491,37.620772,37.621029,37.621257,37.62143,37.621691,37.622023,37.622337,37.622734,37.622842,37.62305,37.623357,37.623776,37.623905,37.624072,37.624222,37.624665,37.624781,37.624855,37.624909,37.624919,37.624925,37.624908,37.624858,37.624834,37.624834,37.624846,37.624857,37.624874,37.625016,37.625071,37.625219,37.625258,37.625322,37.625348,37.625375,37.625386,37.625384,37.625331,37.625346,37.625379,37.625428,37.625409,37.625394,37.625338,37.625296,37.625214,37.625181,37.624977,37.624912,37.624443,37.624375,37.624271,37.624202,37.624064,37.623407,37.623302,37.623267,37.622605,37.6225,37.622394,37.621779,37.621709,37.621569,37.621325,37.621255,37.621186,37.620977,37.620907,37.620525,37.620491,37.620248,37.620179,37.620145,37.620042,37.620007,37.619939,37.619904,37.619835,37.619787,37.619558,37.619245,37.619001,37.618687,37.618582,37.618476,37.618441,37.61823,37.618124,37.618054,37.617985,37.617888,37.617802,37.617725,37.617678,37.61764,37.61761,37.617592,37.617585,37.617591,37.617622,37.617652,37.617706,37.617807,37.617904,37.617957,37.617988,37.618009,37.618044,37.618093,37.618088,37.618072,37.618021,37.617979,37.617884,37.617808,37.61775,37.617684,37.617466,37.617423,37.617389,37.617369,37.617367,37.617389,37.617448,37.617571,37.61764,37.617783,37.61781,37.617882,37.618016,37.618178,37.618332,37.618519,37.618624,37.618646,37.618741,37.618793,37.618963,37.619282,37.619664,37.620069,37.620158,37.620347,37.620479,37.620541,37.620575,37.620638,37.620735,37.620795,37.62083,37.620891,37.620925,37.620986,37.621082,37.621138,37.621169,37.621223,37.621253,37.621276,37.621321,37.621325,37.621314,37.621288,37.62127,37.621244,37.621155,37.621053,37.620831,37.620665,37.620517,37.620436,37.620406,37.620211,37.619649,37.619587,37.619135,37.619003,37.618939,37.6185,37.618397,37.61833,37.618259,37.617876,37.617739,37.617668,37.617633,37.617387,37.617212,37.617001,37.616089,37.615494,37.615253,37.614801,37.61403,37.613767,37.613736,37.613669,37.613544,37.613511,37.613331,37.613277,37.613188,37.613176,37.613158,37.61315,37.613135,37.613127,37.613128,37.613154,37.613219,37.613274,37.613351,37.613434,37.613486,37.613544,37.613567,37.613706,37.613826,37.613881,37.614004,37.614032,37.614094,37.614151,37.614363,37.61445,37.614475,37.614508,37.61456,37.614677,37.614732,37.61499,37.615044,37.615103,37.615902,37.61599,37.616045,37.616249,37.616417,37.616469,37.616542,37.616661,37.616725,37.616785,37.616898,37.617024,37.617238,37.617299,37.617332,37.617334,37.617324,37.617292,37.617284,37.617284,37.617289,37.617285,37.617273,37.617165,37.617114,37.617077,37.617066,37.61705,37.617052,37.617063,37.617081,37.617133,37.61731,37.617344,37.617352,37.617357,37.617356,37.617347,37.617333,37.617317,37.617279,37.617206,37.617091,37.616951,37.616921,37.616838,37.616736,37.616779,37.616861,37.617015,37.617164,37.617235,37.617328,37.617581,37.617625,37.617663,37.617669,37.617647,37.61762,37.617449,37.617433,37.617444,37.617488,37.617527,37.617565,37.617703,37.617714,37.617697,37.617675,37.617587,37.617477,37.617428,37.617417,37.617412,37.617417,37.617445,37.6175,37.617604,37.617692,37.618005,37.618082,37.61812,37.618126,37.618104,37.618086,37.618005,37.617983,37.617978,37.617994,37.618027,37.618225,37.618291,37.618362,37.618439,37.618599,37.618621,37.618615,37.618588,37.618533,37.618467,37.618094,37.617869,37.6176,37.617462,37.617193,37.616611,37.615859,37.615683,37.615442,37.614986,37.614492,37.614218,37.61374,37.613526,37.613213,37.613076,37.61301,37.613005,37.613027,37.613093,37.613181,37.613378,37.613461,37.613648,37.613768,37.613878,37.61418,37.614219,37.614329,37.614373,37.614614,37.615043,37.61512,37.615279,37.615378,37.615592,37.61574,37.615812,37.615944,37.616048,37.616316,37.616487,37.616586,37.616647,37.616932,37.616987,37.617042,37.617037,37.616976,37.616971,37.616982,37.617081,37.617103,37.617092,37.617114,37.617163,37.617311,37.617591,37.617927,37.618086,37.618273,37.618415,37.618509,37.618564,37.618619,37.618696,37.618674,37.618581,37.618526,37.618548,37.618614,37.618652,37.618702,37.61902,37.619174,37.619279,37.619405,37.619487,37.619531,37.619548,37.619531,37.619509,37.619202,37.61918,37.619191,37.619142,37.619125,37.619092,37.619043,37.618944,37.618818,37.618757,37.618697,37.618549,37.61845,37.61834,37.618219,37.618099,37.617742,37.617418,37.617269,37.616687,37.6165,37.616204,37.615732,37.61555,37.615457,37.615402,37.615259,37.614935,37.614798,37.614639,37.61459,37.61459,37.614639,37.614573,37.614524,37.614387,37.614348,37.614343,37.614365,37.614447,37.614551,37.614815,37.614919,37.614996,37.615046,37.615073,37.61509,37.615095,37.615073,37.615046,37.614941,37.614897,37.614727,37.614645,37.614601,37.614607,37.614689,37.614711,37.614722,37.614719,37.614716,37.614673,37.614546,37.614262,37.614206,37.614145,37.614091,37.613898,37.613849,37.613827,37.613805,37.613789,37.613783,37.613789,37.613794,37.613778,37.613618,37.613585,37.613569,37.613541,37.613465,37.613448,37.613481,37.613597,37.613602,37.613597,37.613564,37.613421,37.613333,37.613492,37.613602,37.613805,37.613833,37.613844,37.613866,37.613954,37.613992,37.61402,37.614036,37.614058,37.614168,37.614206,37.614228,37.614256,37.614311,37.614448,37.614497,37.614541,37.61458,37.614602,37.614607,37.614662,37.614684,37.61469,37.614684,37.614618,37.614607,37.614618,37.61464,37.614756,37.614843,37.614887,37.614887,37.614904,37.615162,37.615266,37.615447,37.615535,37.615557,37.615568,37.615491,37.615415,37.615167,37.615025,37.614915,37.614876,37.614876,37.614898,37.615052,37.6157,37.615794,37.615832,37.615854,37.615887,37.61592,37.615969,37.616046,37.616052,37.616019,37.61598,37.615695,37.615546,37.615491,37.615459,37.615475,37.615508,37.615728,37.615925,37.61626,37.616409,37.616617,37.617348,37.617523,37.617611,37.617869,37.617957,37.618369,37.61871,37.618929,37.619127,37.619797,37.619896,37.620017,37.620308,37.620489,37.620659,37.620923,37.621076,37.62156,37.621631,37.621691,37.621746,37.622175,37.622329,37.622515,37.622581,37.622669,37.622801,37.622911,37.62313,37.623257,37.623372,37.623454,37.623482,37.623394,37.623311,37.623251,37.623267,37.623289,37.62333,37.623344,37.623438,37.623542,37.62391,37.624135,37.624201,37.62425,37.624283,37.624305,37.624289,37.624201,37.624152,37.62402,37.623954,37.623915,37.623657,37.623602,37.623542,37.623503,37.623471,37.62346,37.623471,37.623542,37.623542,37.623476,37.623449,37.623388,37.623328,37.623273,37.623258,37.623256,37.623086,37.623047,37.623042,37.623047,37.623069,37.623196,37.623207,37.62313,37.62302,37.623009,37.623042,37.622987,37.622976,37.622998,37.623042,37.623108,37.62319,37.623311,37.623437,37.623514,37.624008,37.624228,37.624332,37.624381,37.624447,37.624486,37.624585,37.624678,37.624914,37.624985,37.625034,37.625067,37.625144,37.625252,37.62528,37.625225,37.625241,37.625255,37.625291,37.625285,37.625247,37.625144,37.624732,37.624474,37.624402,37.62414,37.624073,37.623983,37.623909,37.623815,37.622537,37.622264,37.622157,37.622006,37.621916,37.62167,37.621493,37.620991,37.619119,37.618381,37.617282,37.616737,37.6162,37.6159,37.615308,37.614893,37.614208,37.613907,37.612869,37.612172,37.61191,37.611642,37.611468,37.611248,37.611026,37.610846,37.610526,37.609726,37.609445,37.608434,37.608315,37.608017,37.607719,37.607422,37.607281,37.60717,37.607053,37.606828,37.605885,37.605343,37.604898,37.604195,37.603821,37.603259,37.602907,37.602165,37.601674,37.600904,37.600292,37.600047,37.599796,37.599582,37.599278,37.598969,37.598107,37.597714,37.597621,37.597157,37.596936,37.596714,37.596493,37.596315,37.595981,37.595635,37.595524,37.595282,37.595038,37.594892,37.594649,37.594097,37.593363,37.592718,37.59251,37.592164,37.591043,37.589827,37.588229,37.588024,37.587717,37.587351,37.58667,37.58665,37.58667,37.586695,37.586733,37.586834,37.586887,37.586894,37.586941,37.586946,37.587045,37.587072,37.587073,37.587053,37.58702,37.586984,37.586926,37.586784,37.586641,37.586362,37.585952,37.585899,37.585813,37.585572,37.585281,37.584684,37.583977,37.583598,37.583233,37.581949,37.581901,37.581788,37.581693,37.581556,37.581405,37.58138,37.581351,37.581235,37.581226,37.581212,37.581212,37.581282,37.581312,37.581324,37.581322,37.581316,37.581324,37.581372,37.581387,37.58139,37.58137,37.581318,37.581233,37.581166,37.581134,37.581093,37.581068,37.581041,37.581008,37.580937,37.580857,37.580763,37.580712,37.580663,37.580607,37.58055,37.580452,37.580352,37.579677,37.579491,37.579369,37.579186,37.578547,37.578314,37.578197,37.578079,37.57796,37.577722,37.57732,37.577127,37.576958,37.576742,37.576527,37.576015,37.575502,37.574983,37.575065,37.575209,37.575261,37.575337,37.575402,37.575463,37.575501,37.575534,37.575548,37.575565,37.575569,37.57556,37.575554,37.575549,37.575555,37.575571,37.575606,37.575647,37.575811,37.575954,37.576044,37.576148,37.576267,37.576945,37.577192,37.577323,37.577437,37.577591,37.577612,37.577815,37.578015,37.578169,37.578365,37.578698,37.578832,37.579011,37.579159,37.579298,37.57943,37.579496,37.579617,37.579722,37.579989,37.580358,37.580616,37.580905,37.580995,37.581227,37.581424,37.581747,37.582221,37.58314,37.583717,37.584677,37.585533,37.58639,37.587338,37.587736,37.587927,37.588435,37.588661,37.589048,37.590414,37.590961,37.591964,37.592222,37.592412,37.592568,37.592712,37.592794,37.592847,37.592883,37.592945,37.593066,37.593132,37.593165,37.593288,37.593353,37.593492,37.593541,37.593616,37.593783,37.593894,37.594028,37.594103,37.594226,37.594491,37.594614,37.594752,37.594842,37.594888,37.594968,37.594988,37.594987,37.594969,37.594939,37.594873,37.594829,37.594732,37.594691,37.594669,37.594667,37.594672,37.594686,37.594716,37.594776,37.594842,37.594969,37.59511,37.595459,37.59619,37.596427,37.596521,37.596764,37.597177,37.59744,37.597621,37.597861,37.597967,37.598109,37.598207,37.598369,37.59849,37.598681,37.599255,37.59961,37.599976,37.6005,37.600735,37.601031,37.601248,37.601563,37.601931,37.602115,37.602287,37.602481,37.602888,37.603312,37.603493,37.603728,37.603991,37.604104,37.604241,37.604381,37.60462,37.604818,37.605071,37.605171,37.605544,37.605822,37.606021,37.606226,37.60645,37.606731,37.607015,37.60716,37.607305,37.607531,37.607668,37.607721,37.608599,37.608685,37.608904,37.609081,37.609543,37.609597,37.609822,37.610198,37.610485,37.610771,37.611614,37.611798,37.612134,37.612287,37.612407,37.612727,37.612863,37.613347,37.613578,37.615004,37.615149,37.61532,37.615405,37.615471,37.615701,37.615812,37.615864,37.615902,37.615913,37.615909,37.615846,37.615759,37.615739,37.615733,37.615745,37.615773,37.615793,37.615815,37.615854,37.615907,37.615972,37.61605,37.61614,37.616227,37.616477,37.616579,37.616791,37.61701,37.617145,37.617313,37.61757,37.617993,37.618426,37.61854,37.618649,37.618727,37.618808,37.618877,37.618934,37.618978,37.619057,37.619143,37.619243,37.619314,37.619397,37.619432,37.619546,37.619627,37.619733,37.619845,37.620073,37.620281,37.621201,37.621408,37.621579,37.621706,37.621932,37.622584,37.623069,37.62332,37.623472,37.624434,37.624674,37.624822,37.624992,37.625126,37.625398,37.625646,37.625753,37.625844,37.62599,37.626516,37.626685,37.626849,37.62753,37.627725,37.627926,37.62809,37.62857,37.628823,37.628923,37.629016,37.629101,37.629581,37.629677,37.629781,37.629891,37.629961,37.630084,37.630206,37.630279,37.630862,37.631578,37.632043,37.632457,37.632565,37.632675,37.633399,37.633724,37.633795,37.63386,37.633907,37.633967,37.634008,37.634035,37.634048,37.634016,37.633971,37.633912,37.63367,37.633557,37.633481,37.633415,37.633404,37.633408,37.633412,37.633439,37.633441,37.63339,37.633409,37.633451,37.633499,37.633558,37.63362,37.633762,37.634217,37.634858,37.635087,37.635386]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.500867,-78.500849,-78.50082,-78.500754,-78.500526,-78.500245,-78.500112,-78.500015,-78.499895,-78.499798,-78.499477,-78.499397,-78.499158,-78.498959,-78.4981,-78.497531,-78.497355,-78.497234,-78.497021,-78.496894,-78.496656,-78.495888,-78.495745,-78.495413,-78.495326,-78.495253,-78.495155,-78.494957,-78.494919,-78.494702,-78.494596,-78.49438,-78.494044,-78.49374,-78.493629,-78.493326,-78.493123,-78.493099,-78.492975,-78.492803,-78.492653,-78.492475,-78.491991,-78.491242,-78.491029,-78.489783,-78.48949,-78.489024,-78.488523,-78.488069,-78.48764,-78.487505,-78.487348,-78.487202,-78.486906,-78.486721,-78.486513,-78.486344,-78.486194,-78.485902,-78.48567,-78.48518,-78.484964,-78.483079,-78.482705,-78.481733,-78.480258,-78.479626,-78.478434,-78.477961,-78.477133,-78.476829,-78.476443,-78.475797,-78.475658,-78.475398,-78.475063,-78.474965,-78.474841,-78.474568,-78.474184,-78.473376,-78.47291,-78.472753,-78.472383,-78.472251,-78.472054,-78.471611,-78.471251,-78.471057,-78.46955,-78.469265,-78.469163,-78.469049,-78.468991,-78.468934,-78.468915,-78.468772,-78.468691,-78.468662,-78.467963,-78.467729,-78.467504,-78.467338,-78.467151,-78.466998,-78.466512,-78.465949,-78.465733,-78.465517,-78.465388,-78.465111,-78.464436,-78.463894,-78.463757,-78.463653,-78.463602,-78.463485,-78.46333,-78.463217,-78.463049,-78.462869,-78.462421,-78.462204,-78.46148,-78.4614,-78.461291,-78.461222,-78.461143,-78.461045,-78.460893,-78.460791,-78.460172,-78.459831,-78.459669,-78.45948,-78.459335,-78.459264,-78.45917,-78.459072,-78.458958,-78.458883,-78.458802,-78.458684,-78.458548,-78.458316,-78.458242,-78.458163,-78.457948,-78.457837,-78.457712,-78.45763,-78.457501,-78.457362,-78.457225,-78.457054,-78.45688,-78.45661,-78.456309,-78.455976,-78.455441,-78.455218,-78.454536,-78.454187,-78.453668,-78.453107,-78.452873,-78.452782,-78.452364,-78.451995,-78.451835,-78.451751,-78.451669,-78.451573,-78.451429,-78.451154,-78.450968,-78.45086,-78.450743,-78.450629,-78.450516,-78.450403,-78.450337,-78.45014,-78.44995,-78.449605,-78.449366,-78.449181,-78.449095,-78.448999,-78.448932,-78.448867,-78.448791,-78.448759,-78.448691,-78.448488,-78.448286,-78.447535,-78.447125,-78.446921,-78.445974,-78.445501,-78.444736,-78.444567,-78.444442,-78.444261,-78.443815,-78.443353,-78.443117,-78.44295,-78.442655,-78.442401,-78.442191,-78.441931,-78.441631,-78.441185,-78.440862,-78.440339,-78.440043,-78.439205,-78.438531,-78.43833,-78.438086,-78.437837,-78.437701,-78.437535,-78.437206,-78.437099,-78.437006,-78.436857,-78.436736,-78.436416,-78.436235,-78.436047,-78.435876,-78.435669,-78.4354,-78.435246,-78.435138,-78.435016,-78.434882,-78.434636,-78.434381,-78.43427,-78.434032,-78.43379,-78.433368,-78.433016,-78.432609,-78.432289,-78.432001,-78.431705,-78.43154,-78.431365,-78.431218,-78.431136,-78.431021,-78.430893,-78.430861,-78.430751,-78.430401,-78.430034,-78.429451,-78.429347,-78.429028,-78.42881,-78.428528,-78.428124,-78.427967,-78.427465,-78.427038,-78.426698,-78.42632,-78.426018,-78.425906,-78.425579,-78.425289,-78.425084,-78.42487,-78.424693,-78.424191,-78.423805,-78.423492,-78.423133,-78.42269,-78.422417,-78.422199,-78.422031,-78.421874,-78.42169,-78.42152,-78.421305,-78.421023,-78.420802,-78.420658,-78.420499,-78.420326,-78.420173,-78.42,-78.41993,-78.419872,-78.419293,-78.418926,-78.418454,-78.418275,-78.418107,-78.417985,-78.417847,-78.417599,-78.417528,-78.417451,-78.417441,-78.417384,-78.417334,-78.417309,-78.417232,-78.417149,-78.417129,-78.417067,-78.416989,-78.416914,-78.41683,-78.416707,-78.416569,-78.416409,-78.416311,-78.416178,-78.415397,-78.41516,-78.414979,-78.41444,-78.414229,-78.413606,-78.413317,-78.413153,-78.413086,-78.412978,-78.412794,-78.412206,-78.411607,-78.41138,-78.411318,-78.411154,-78.410978,-78.410809,-78.410608,-78.41044,-78.410315,-78.410225,-78.410083,-78.409983,-78.4099,-78.409818,-78.409761,-78.409736,-78.409722,-78.409699,-78.409587,-78.409455,-78.409163,-78.408997,-78.408732,-78.408515,-78.407797,-78.407415,-78.407157,-78.406831,-78.406532,-78.406255,-78.405909,-78.405473,-78.40465,-78.403564,-78.403373,-78.403274,-78.402828,-78.402593,-78.402348,-78.401307,-78.399088,-78.397856,-78.397747,-78.395286,-78.393626,-78.3931,-78.391726,-78.390799,-78.38966,-78.388438,-78.387872,-78.387415,-78.386322,-78.385487,-78.384697,-78.384434,-78.384166,-78.383893,-78.383437,-78.383088,-78.382948,-78.382448,-78.381999,-78.381694,-78.381443,-78.381165,-78.38089,-78.380618,-78.380403,-78.38014,-78.379145,-78.377936,-78.377653,-78.377492,-78.37736,-78.377295,-78.376318,-78.375981,-78.375079,-78.374764,-78.374446,-78.374021,-78.373663,-78.373518,-78.372992,-78.372512,-78.372244,-78.372214,-78.37207,-78.37189,-78.371704,-78.37117,-78.370972,-78.370739,-78.370588,-78.370441,-78.370298,-78.370079,-78.369897,-78.369727,-78.368978,-78.368825,-78.368712,-78.368666,-78.36856,-78.368443,-78.368316,-78.368043,-78.367984,-78.367897,-78.367798,-78.36771,-78.367616,-78.36747,-78.367322,-78.367039,-78.365644,-78.365432,-78.365225,-78.365024,-78.363412,-78.363314,-78.363208,-78.363097,-78.362983,-78.362915,-78.361098,-78.360241,-78.359666,-78.359093,-78.35795,-78.357063,-78.355764,-78.354785,-78.354558,-78.354302,-78.353903,-78.353511,-78.353276,-78.35181,-78.351678,-78.351545,-78.351413,-78.351259,-78.351138,-78.350739,-78.350346,-78.349748,-78.348523,-78.347625,-78.347539,-78.347443,-78.347371,-78.34726,-78.347155,-78.347114,-78.347042,-78.34617,-78.344893,-78.344795,-78.344673,-78.344572,-78.344494,-78.343695,-78.343259,-78.34283,-78.341575,-78.341383,-78.341228,-78.340317,-78.340263,-78.34014,-78.339972,-78.339625,-78.339463,-78.339124,-78.338797,-78.338543,-78.337304,-78.337015,-78.336699,-78.336027,-78.335591,-78.335144,-78.334689,-78.334412,-78.33375,-78.333493,-78.333165,-78.332641,-78.331394,-78.331157,-78.330914,-78.330664,-78.330161,-78.329788,-78.32905,-78.328965,-78.327865,-78.327515,-78.32722,-78.326857,-78.32661,-78.326365,-78.326067,-78.32576,-78.325289,-78.325012,-78.323956,-78.323651,-78.323344,-78.323034,-78.322785,-78.322474,-78.322164,-78.321866,-78.321635,-78.32135,-78.321014,-78.32074,-78.320422,-78.320324,-78.319948,-78.319607,-78.319266,-78.318965,-78.318874,-78.317221,-78.316974,-78.315312,-78.314567,-78.314118,-78.313658,-78.313071,-78.312683,-78.312282,-78.31204,-78.311825,-78.311649,-78.311263,-78.310961,-78.31082,-78.310418,-78.310179,-78.309938,-78.309841,-78.308437,-78.307977,-78.307179,-78.306787,-78.306396,-78.305875,-78.30545,-78.305104,-78.304697,-78.304271,-78.303814,-78.303634,-78.303056,-78.302781,-78.302543,-78.302315,-78.306451,-78.30654,-78.306713,-78.30759,-78.307651,-78.307659,-78.307666,-78.307686,-78.307803,-78.308783,-78.309153,-78.309339,-78.309384,-78.309507,-78.309797,-78.314665,-78.314965,-78.314983,-78.317001,-78.320215,-78.322809,-78.322835,-78.323088,-78.325779,-78.327151,-78.32925,-78.330145,-78.330428,-78.330505,-78.33054,-78.330589,-78.3307,-78.331028,-78.331105,-78.331143,-78.332589,-78.333336,-78.333441,-78.334214,-78.33422,-78.334821,-78.334835,-78.334844,-78.334859,-78.334883,-78.334896,-78.335579,-78.335924,-78.33677,-78.336793,-78.336807,-78.336886,-78.337274,-78.337481,-78.337555,-78.337563,-78.337574,-78.337601,-78.338342,-78.338471,-78.338505,-78.33852,-78.338533,-78.338539,-78.338545,-78.338631,-78.338798,-78.33902,-78.340217,-78.340442,-78.341322,-78.341806,-78.342212,-78.342557,-78.342568,-78.342586,-78.343493,-78.344822,-78.34823,-78.348261,-78.348603,-78.348721,-78.349169,-78.3494,-78.34942,-78.349426,-78.350069,-78.352017,-78.353415,-78.353571,-78.354026,-78.354095,-78.354108,-78.354191,-78.354225,-78.354287,-78.354391,-78.354439,-78.354491,-78.35457,-78.354646,-78.355103,-78.360328,-78.360378,-78.366396,-78.370799,-78.370855,-78.37151,-78.371522,-78.371533,-78.371628,-78.37179,-78.37472,-78.37529,-78.375325,-78.376963,-78.379197,-78.379527,-78.380633,-78.381792,-78.381857,-78.382129,-78.384712,-78.384806,-78.384899,-78.385083,-78.385267,-78.386694,-78.386808,-78.388119,-78.388839,-78.390381,-78.390882,-78.393102,-78.393956,-78.397572,-78.400174,-78.401536,-78.401637,-78.402048,-78.402104,-78.402191,-78.40226,-78.402283,-78.402417,-78.402425,-78.402441,-78.402536,-78.403058,-78.40307,-78.403671,-78.409861,-78.411888,-78.411917,-78.41288,-78.412888,-78.413295,-78.413714,-78.414552,-78.415052,-78.415062,-78.416737,-78.416858,-78.417197,-78.41773,-78.418894,-78.418958,-78.419807,-78.420108,-78.420562,-78.42085,-78.421632,-78.421692,-78.421754,-78.422148,-78.422543,-78.422918,-78.42438,-78.424469,-78.424559,-78.424587,-78.424595,-78.424685,-78.424819,-78.424846,-78.424921,-78.425013,-78.425196,-78.425327,-78.425338,-78.425351,-78.425382,-78.425425,-78.425465,-78.425585,-78.42563,-78.425637,-78.425654,-78.425702,-78.426175,-78.426217,-78.426238,-78.426268,-78.427107,-78.427328,-78.427353,-78.427376,-78.42746,-78.427557,-78.428521,-78.429525,-78.433486,-78.433937,-78.437334,-78.439733,-78.439774,-78.442347,-78.442865,-78.443108,-78.444283,-78.444487,-78.447098,-78.449748,-78.45054,-78.45069,-78.450728,-78.450738,-78.450755,-78.450799,-78.4513,-78.452839,-78.453809,-78.454892,-78.458045,-78.460107,-78.462253,-78.462353,-78.462492,-78.463078,-78.463172,-78.463183,-78.463246,-78.463265,-78.463324,-78.465016,-78.465052,-78.465074,-78.465089,-78.465649,-78.467593,-78.468568,-78.46924,-78.47001,-78.471443,-78.47154,-78.471591,-78.471711,-78.472243,-78.4732,-78.473291,-78.474009,-78.474411,-78.475063,-78.475128,-78.475397,-78.475592,-78.475757,-78.475847,-78.475989,-78.47637,-78.476587,-78.477353,-78.477663,-78.477732,-78.478185,-78.479095,-78.479334,-78.479785,-78.480311,-78.481126,-78.481444,-78.481695,-78.481953,-78.482494,-78.482589,-78.482685,-78.482741,-78.48293,-78.483287,-78.483362,-78.483388,-78.483499,-78.483908,-78.483919,-78.484292,-78.484558,-78.484863,-78.485028,-78.485071,-78.485214,-78.485332,-78.485409,-78.485535,-78.485724,-78.485804,-78.485851,-78.48589,-78.485936,-78.485977,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485977,-78.485959,-78.485933,-78.485906,-78.485826,-78.485776,-78.485639,-78.485557,-78.485466,-78.485366,-78.485236,-78.485114,-78.485071,-78.484837,-78.484825,-78.484769,-78.484713,-78.484651,-78.484548,-78.484504,-78.484444,-78.4844,-78.484391,-78.484409,-78.484432,-78.484468,-78.484481,-78.484574,-78.484735,-78.484799,-78.484912,-78.484998,-78.485081,-78.48512,-78.485139,-78.485148,-78.485148,-78.485154,-78.485151,-78.485122,-78.485106,-78.485085,-78.485029,-78.485015,-78.484999,-78.484987,-78.484973,-78.484922,-78.484846,-78.484763,-78.48466,-78.484539,-78.484476,-78.484356,-78.484184,-78.484111,-78.483919,-78.48354,-78.483175,-78.48209,-78.481573,-78.48126,-78.48102,-78.480797,-78.480574,-78.480433,-78.480343,-78.48026,-78.479838,-78.479537,-78.479208,-78.478998,-78.478844,-78.478501,-78.4781,-78.477554,-78.477139,-78.476256,-78.475536,-78.474167,-78.473669,-78.47308,-78.472751,-78.47245,-78.472311,-78.471748,-78.471504,-78.471276,-78.471011,-78.470785,-78.47019,-78.469983,-78.469843,-78.469759,-78.469235,-78.468969,-78.468559,-78.467723,-78.466985,-78.46683,-78.466565,-78.466319,-78.466045,-78.465721,-78.465475,-78.465123,-78.464907,-78.46435,-78.464204,-78.463821,-78.46333,-78.463064,-78.462768,-78.462502,-78.462274,-78.46203,-78.461736,-78.460534,-78.460312,-78.460241,-78.459933,-78.459607,-78.459479,-78.459463,-78.458735,-78.456946,-78.456585,-78.456473,-78.456256,-78.456107,-78.455888,-78.455803,-78.455477,-78.455402,-78.455338,-78.455273,-78.455226,-78.455175,-78.455155,-78.455117,-78.455094,-78.455072,-78.455026,-78.455021,-78.45497,-78.454933,-78.454891,-78.454839,-78.454824,-78.454756,-78.454687,-78.454609,-78.454559,-78.454491,-78.454462,-78.454285,-78.454275,-78.454191,-78.454118,-78.453999,-78.453909,-78.453696,-78.453471,-78.453246,-78.452933,-78.452404,-78.452328,-78.452291,-78.452247,-78.452202,-78.452166,-78.452168,-78.452198,-78.452235,-78.45231,-78.452363,-78.452656,-78.453004,-78.454022,-78.454272,-78.454733,-78.454858,-78.454989,-78.455212,-78.455787,-78.455994,-78.456295,-78.456493,-78.457232,-78.457584,-78.457921,-78.458318,-78.458553,-78.458694,-78.459142,-78.45962,-78.460186,-78.46046,-78.460524,-78.461541,-78.462193,-78.462522,-78.463264,-78.463517,-78.464174,-78.464572,-78.465118,-78.465595,-78.465889,-78.466127,-78.466626,-78.466781,-78.46689,-78.46832,-78.468842,-78.469417,-78.469538,-78.469674,-78.469793,-78.469895,-78.46998,-78.470054,-78.4701,-78.470267,-78.47042,-78.470493,-78.47068,-78.470873,-78.470999,-78.471019,-78.471084,-78.471151,-78.471229,-78.471334,-78.471405,-78.472197,-78.472667,-78.472907,-78.47338,-78.473452,-78.47453,-78.474652,-78.474815,-78.474933,-78.475034,-78.475119,-78.475187,-78.475237,-78.475251,-78.475283,-78.475301,-78.475326,-78.475353,-78.475379,-78.475383,-78.475403,-78.475437,-78.47549,-78.475561,-78.47563,-78.475755,-78.475878,-78.476017,-78.476141,-78.47624,-78.476727,-78.47719,-78.477318,-78.47746,-78.477585,-78.477693,-78.477767,-78.477837,-78.477889,-78.477923,-78.478026,-78.478058,-78.478091,-78.478141,-78.478224,-78.478272,-78.478369,-78.478505,-78.478631,-78.478741,-78.47886,-78.478988,-78.479125,-78.479307,-78.479501,-78.479664,-78.479877,-78.480099,-78.480356,-78.480627,-78.480905,-78.481188,-78.481417,-78.481914,-78.48257,-78.482979,-78.483291,-78.483598,-78.483898,-78.48419,-78.484799,-78.485511,-78.486457,-78.486906,-78.48722,-78.487523,-78.487822,-78.487899,-78.488203,-78.488464,-78.488712,-78.488855,-78.489085,-78.489258,-78.489461,-78.489649,-78.489729,-78.491384,-78.491599,-78.492117,-78.49352,-78.494207,-78.49438,-78.494533,-78.494645,-78.494703,-78.494755,-78.494815,-78.494858,-78.494857,-78.494854,-78.494825,-78.49477,-78.494658,-78.494598,-78.49452,-78.494387,-78.494271,-78.494017,-78.493857,-78.493486,-78.493236,-78.493034,-78.492745,-78.492648,-78.492491,-78.492379,-78.492326,-78.492274,-78.49227,-78.492257,-78.492263,-78.4923,-78.492347,-78.492458,-78.492463,-78.492453,-78.492418,-78.49238,-78.492298,-78.492205,-78.492162,-78.492072,-78.492012,-78.491936,-78.491829,-78.491518,-78.491043,-78.490672,-78.49053,-78.490281,-78.490106,-78.489845,-78.489567,-78.489526,-78.489188,-78.489014,-78.488628,-78.488358,-78.487895,-78.48744,-78.48692,-78.485585,-78.485062,-78.484867,-78.484616,-78.483875,-78.483409,-78.48313,-78.48286,-78.482442,-78.482127,-78.482034,-78.481746,-78.481041,-78.480122,-78.479926,-78.479536,-78.479083,-78.47875,-78.477798,-78.477531,-78.47597,-78.475174,-78.474613,-78.474183,-78.474005,-78.474237,-78.474354,-78.474477,-78.474712,-78.474944,-78.475283,-78.475436,-78.475546,-78.47596,-78.476208,-78.476456,-78.478161,-78.479667,-78.480018,-78.480541,-78.48109,-78.481248,-78.481463,-78.481654,-78.481881,-78.482091,-78.482245,-78.482389,-78.482537,-78.482634,-78.482874,-78.483588,-78.483726,-78.48384,-78.483878,-78.484228,-78.484607,-78.48504,-78.485596,-78.485805,-78.486362,-78.486629,-78.486935,-78.48751,-78.487736,-78.487955,-78.488475,-78.488663,-78.488775,-78.488927,-78.488965,-78.489213,-78.489293,-78.489497,-78.49028,-78.490451,-78.490602,-78.490872,-78.491943,-78.492041,-78.492061,-78.49214,-78.492326,-78.492527,-78.492726,-78.492914,-78.493177,-78.493345,-78.493467,-78.493658,-78.494343,-78.494654,-78.494736,-78.495028,-78.495099,-78.496035,-78.496113,-78.496688,-78.497549,-78.497712,-78.497766,-78.498268,-78.49903,-78.499639,-78.499754,-78.500336,-78.50044,-78.500577,-78.500654,-78.500738,-78.500756,-78.500806,-78.500833,-78.500869,-78.500867],"lat":[37.585225,37.585445,37.58562,37.585878,37.586464,37.587167,37.587481,37.587726,37.588009,37.588257,37.589015,37.58922,37.589773,37.590284,37.592391,37.59375,37.594197,37.594491,37.594993,37.595317,37.595912,37.597752,37.598108,37.598908,37.599129,37.599316,37.599547,37.600049,37.600139,37.60066,37.600911,37.601427,37.602264,37.602978,37.603272,37.604023,37.604495,37.604551,37.604797,37.605096,37.605335,37.605589,37.606214,37.607179,37.607442,37.609077,37.60945,37.610048,37.6107,37.611278,37.611834,37.612015,37.611888,37.611785,37.611594,37.611487,37.611376,37.611302,37.611251,37.611166,37.611107,37.610975,37.610912,37.610438,37.610335,37.610089,37.609708,37.609539,37.609247,37.609138,37.60896,37.608902,37.608826,37.608691,37.608678,37.608683,37.608731,37.60875,37.60876,37.608764,37.608747,37.608702,37.608688,37.608689,37.608703,37.608722,37.608747,37.608777,37.608792,37.608789,37.608727,37.608706,37.608687,37.608648,37.608614,37.608564,37.608541,37.608316,37.608155,37.608087,37.607626,37.607492,37.607369,37.607298,37.607256,37.607232,37.607191,37.60713,37.60712,37.607125,37.607135,37.607192,37.607354,37.607499,37.607553,37.607605,37.607635,37.607711,37.607828,37.60793,37.608094,37.60825,37.608601,37.608765,37.609212,37.609251,37.609288,37.609303,37.609303,37.609292,37.609253,37.609215,37.608904,37.608718,37.608643,37.608569,37.608519,37.60849,37.608466,37.608455,37.608461,37.608476,37.608512,37.608589,37.608693,37.608883,37.608974,37.609094,37.609446,37.609572,37.60969,37.609756,37.609832,37.609894,37.609927,37.609954,37.609966,37.609974,37.609991,37.610028,37.610072,37.610094,37.610194,37.610226,37.610267,37.61033,37.61036,37.610373,37.610427,37.61047,37.610472,37.610464,37.610447,37.610413,37.610333,37.610162,37.610039,37.609986,37.609946,37.609921,37.609911,37.609916,37.609926,37.609979,37.610046,37.610197,37.61032,37.610426,37.610487,37.610573,37.610642,37.610687,37.61072,37.610729,37.610741,37.610746,37.610737,37.610676,37.610628,37.610612,37.610481,37.610427,37.61036,37.610333,37.610306,37.610229,37.609986,37.609707,37.609545,37.609411,37.609151,37.608907,37.608725,37.608572,37.608418,37.608212,37.608076,37.6079,37.607801,37.607536,37.607342,37.607274,37.607175,37.607057,37.606981,37.606872,37.606618,37.606516,37.606406,37.606198,37.606009,37.605533,37.60523,37.604976,37.604773,37.604544,37.604273,37.60413,37.604014,37.603906,37.603809,37.603668,37.603539,37.603494,37.603416,37.603347,37.603251,37.603154,37.603053,37.60296,37.60287,37.602798,37.602789,37.602796,37.602682,37.602611,37.60254,37.602485,37.602469,37.602416,37.602233,37.602022,37.601694,37.601648,37.601523,37.60145,37.601373,37.601255,37.601209,37.601082,37.60097,37.600863,37.600725,37.600597,37.600549,37.600393,37.600235,37.600132,37.600041,37.599977,37.599827,37.599723,37.59965,37.599556,37.599425,37.599312,37.599205,37.59911,37.598988,37.598825,37.598652,37.598349,37.597925,37.59763,37.597463,37.597305,37.597156,37.597045,37.596928,37.596884,37.596847,37.596525,37.596338,37.596083,37.595973,37.595852,37.595751,37.595616,37.595324,37.595223,37.595086,37.595065,37.594871,37.594677,37.594522,37.593812,37.593273,37.593202,37.593025,37.592853,37.592718,37.592586,37.59242,37.592262,37.592103,37.592025,37.591936,37.591506,37.591357,37.59123,37.590809,37.590622,37.590114,37.589904,37.589802,37.589767,37.589711,37.589634,37.589476,37.589332,37.58926,37.589237,37.589166,37.589075,37.588976,37.588842,37.588719,37.588604,37.588507,37.588322,37.588181,37.588032,37.587843,37.587672,37.587561,37.587498,37.587426,37.587133,37.586724,37.585819,37.585242,37.585375,37.585497,37.585915,37.586134,37.586277,37.586448,37.586618,37.586822,37.587106,37.587521,37.588425,37.589688,37.589893,37.589993,37.590533,37.590392,37.590261,37.589786,37.588815,37.588268,37.588219,37.587184,37.586535,37.586329,37.585865,37.585506,37.585005,37.584539,37.584342,37.584194,37.583822,37.583519,37.583267,37.583197,37.58314,37.583098,37.583045,37.58302,37.583014,37.582972,37.582952,37.582947,37.582949,37.58297,37.583004,37.583052,37.5831,37.583172,37.583479,37.583799,37.583863,37.583887,37.583896,37.583897,37.583863,37.583832,37.583713,37.583672,37.583628,37.583549,37.58347,37.583435,37.583294,37.583147,37.583059,37.583046,37.582993,37.582939,37.582899,37.582805,37.582782,37.582737,37.582696,37.582648,37.582591,37.582486,37.582381,37.582263,37.581763,37.581643,37.58154,37.581493,37.581374,37.581214,37.581008,37.580506,37.58043,37.580342,37.580264,37.580208,37.58016,37.580125,37.580099,37.580075,37.579955,37.579919,37.579869,37.579804,37.579251,37.579205,37.579172,37.579153,37.579148,37.579151,37.579019,37.578986,37.578949,37.578898,37.578762,37.578654,37.578487,37.578379,37.578366,37.578363,37.578375,37.5784,37.578423,37.578526,37.578539,37.578538,37.578523,37.578487,37.578442,37.578237,37.578019,37.577665,37.57685,37.576195,37.576148,37.576114,37.576098,37.576086,37.57609,37.576096,37.576121,37.576435,37.576907,37.576928,37.576934,37.576922,37.576903,37.576656,37.576543,37.576415,37.576007,37.575966,37.575949,37.575943,37.575937,37.575919,37.575882,37.575773,37.57571,37.575529,37.575336,37.575173,37.574404,37.574227,37.574045,37.573676,37.573456,37.573249,37.573054,37.572943,37.57265,37.572524,37.572378,37.57217,37.571644,37.571559,37.571488,37.571432,37.571307,37.571215,37.571033,37.571013,37.570746,37.570686,37.570651,37.570627,37.570621,37.570624,37.57064,37.570673,37.570737,37.570793,37.571009,37.571061,37.571098,37.571121,37.57113,37.571127,37.571111,37.57108,37.571046,37.570991,37.570907,37.570822,37.570703,37.570661,37.570487,37.570312,37.570083,37.569864,37.569794,37.568687,37.568522,37.567384,37.566848,37.566563,37.566279,37.565896,37.565637,37.56539,37.565256,37.565157,37.565088,37.564958,37.564873,37.564838,37.564756,37.564724,37.564705,37.564702,37.564722,37.56474,37.564733,37.564714,37.564681,37.564612,37.564548,37.56448,37.564385,37.564269,37.564131,37.564072,37.563867,37.563739,37.563618,37.563517,37.558076,37.557959,37.557732,37.556578,37.556498,37.556488,37.556478,37.556452,37.556299,37.555026,37.554546,37.554306,37.554246,37.554085,37.553708,37.547315,37.54692,37.546897,37.544078,37.539589,37.535962,37.535925,37.535572,37.531809,37.529857,37.526915,37.525661,37.525264,37.525156,37.525107,37.525037,37.524882,37.524422,37.524316,37.524263,37.522257,37.521275,37.521135,37.520091,37.520083,37.519281,37.519261,37.519249,37.519229,37.519197,37.51918,37.518268,37.517808,37.516681,37.51665,37.516632,37.516527,37.51601,37.515734,37.515635,37.515624,37.515609,37.515573,37.514585,37.514413,37.514368,37.514349,37.514331,37.514323,37.514315,37.514201,37.513978,37.513682,37.512087,37.511787,37.510614,37.509969,37.509428,37.508968,37.508953,37.508929,37.507718,37.505946,37.501402,37.501361,37.500905,37.500747,37.500149,37.499787,37.499758,37.49975,37.498851,37.496125,37.49417,37.494093,37.493819,37.493764,37.49372,37.493654,37.493599,37.493571,37.493544,37.493489,37.493404,37.493275,37.49322,37.49256,37.485024,37.484952,37.476716,37.470693,37.470616,37.469647,37.469629,37.469613,37.469473,37.469233,37.464898,37.464153,37.464107,37.461969,37.459056,37.458625,37.457035,37.455365,37.455271,37.45488,37.451256,37.451125,37.450994,37.450738,37.450481,37.448475,37.448322,37.446559,37.445588,37.443517,37.442822,37.439735,37.438547,37.433889,37.430122,37.42815,37.428004,37.427411,37.427361,37.427284,37.427168,37.427129,37.426907,37.426883,37.426868,37.426712,37.425857,37.42584,37.425009,37.416434,37.413668,37.413628,37.412314,37.412303,37.411746,37.411175,37.410033,37.409368,37.409352,37.406669,37.406475,37.406017,37.405385,37.404009,37.403934,37.402782,37.402376,37.401768,37.401384,37.400349,37.400269,37.400186,37.399664,37.39914,37.398645,37.396617,37.396492,37.396369,37.396327,37.396315,37.396179,37.395972,37.39593,37.395815,37.395676,37.395399,37.395196,37.395179,37.395159,37.395111,37.395045,37.394984,37.394801,37.394733,37.394722,37.394697,37.394624,37.393904,37.393849,37.393821,37.393781,37.392679,37.392386,37.392353,37.392322,37.39221,37.392077,37.390782,37.389436,37.383776,37.383134,37.378417,37.375238,37.375178,37.371384,37.37062,37.370261,37.368528,37.368247,37.364624,37.360948,37.359849,37.359641,37.359588,37.359574,37.35955,37.359489,37.358794,37.356659,37.355313,37.353812,37.34944,37.346581,37.343606,37.343466,37.343271,37.342459,37.342329,37.342313,37.342226,37.3422,37.342119,37.339778,37.339727,37.339695,37.339677,37.340083,37.340875,37.341454,37.341552,37.341047,37.340675,37.340623,37.340703,37.340881,37.341699,37.343148,37.343286,37.344399,37.344997,37.345993,37.346093,37.34651,37.346813,37.347092,37.347227,37.34744,37.348032,37.348347,37.349525,37.349991,37.350098,37.350799,37.352183,37.35256,37.353243,37.354052,37.355296,37.355805,37.356231,37.356688,37.357694,37.357878,37.358064,37.358176,37.358553,37.35934,37.359515,37.359577,37.359834,37.360827,37.360854,37.361754,37.362428,37.363183,37.363607,37.363713,37.364064,37.364387,37.364628,37.365081,37.365809,37.366183,37.366449,37.366746,37.367226,37.367763,37.368044,37.368271,37.368566,37.369124,37.369527,37.369796,37.369984,37.370556,37.37085,37.371565,37.37201,37.37247,37.373073,37.373813,37.374461,37.374689,37.37601,37.376074,37.376367,37.376702,37.377034,37.377604,37.377926,37.378477,37.379052,37.379965,37.380333,37.380646,37.380978,37.381082,37.381734,37.38294,37.383452,37.384334,37.384958,37.385655,37.385977,37.386368,37.386514,37.386721,37.386945,37.387357,37.388162,37.388629,37.389063,37.390388,37.390854,37.391271,37.39145,37.391857,37.392347,37.392686,37.39295,37.393199,37.393442,37.39354,37.393727,37.393962,37.394054,37.394275,37.394668,37.395046,37.396155,37.396689,37.396978,37.397181,37.39736,37.397518,37.397611,37.397668,37.397715,37.397953,37.398104,37.398251,37.398332,37.398386,37.398506,37.398638,37.398812,37.398949,37.399242,37.399471,37.399922,37.4001,37.400339,37.400485,37.40063,37.400701,37.401003,37.401144,37.401282,37.401451,37.401604,37.402038,37.402204,37.402323,37.402392,37.402865,37.403131,37.403575,37.404517,37.405336,37.405495,37.405744,37.405958,37.406165,37.406385,37.406531,37.406717,37.406821,37.407075,37.407138,37.407303,37.407527,37.407659,37.407822,37.407986,37.408144,37.408326,37.408563,37.409574,37.409768,37.40983,37.410122,37.410466,37.41061,37.410629,37.411556,37.41386,37.414329,37.414495,37.41484,37.415096,37.415541,37.41573,37.41644,37.416634,37.416831,37.417054,37.417274,37.417656,37.417906,37.418818,37.419806,37.420353,37.422011,37.422465,37.42433,37.425,37.425537,37.425993,37.426176,37.426593,37.427116,37.427548,37.427873,37.42821,37.428379,37.429173,37.429214,37.429552,37.429807,37.430262,37.430582,37.431285,37.431955,37.432543,37.433376,37.434756,37.434966,37.435092,37.435298,37.43559,37.435946,37.436163,37.436455,37.436674,37.436963,37.437134,37.437964,37.438946,37.441822,37.442602,37.444228,37.444614,37.444926,37.445395,37.446548,37.446974,37.447585,37.447968,37.449471,37.450175,37.450808,37.451465,37.45182,37.452021,37.452621,37.453201,37.453821,37.454104,37.454168,37.455155,37.455808,37.456121,37.456864,37.457131,37.457771,37.458153,37.458693,37.459173,37.459501,37.459796,37.460469,37.460688,37.460842,37.462787,37.463498,37.464282,37.464468,37.464707,37.464952,37.465202,37.465455,37.46581,37.466112,37.467712,37.469184,37.469892,37.471578,37.473535,37.475068,37.475262,37.475654,37.475952,37.476236,37.476554,37.476744,37.478598,37.479674,37.48022,37.481311,37.481478,37.483949,37.484228,37.484598,37.484918,37.485241,37.485567,37.485895,37.486226,37.486396,37.487044,37.487503,37.488512,37.491298,37.492966,37.493162,37.494155,37.494526,37.494895,37.495262,37.495547,37.495939,37.496262,37.496581,37.496832,37.497019,37.497882,37.498679,37.498906,37.499185,37.49947,37.499759,37.499993,37.500322,37.500653,37.500985,37.502961,37.503456,37.503667,37.503875,37.504126,37.504242,37.50444,37.50467,37.50485,37.504988,37.505121,37.505249,37.505372,37.505516,37.50565,37.50575,37.505865,37.505968,37.506068,37.506156,37.506231,37.506291,37.506329,37.506402,37.506511,37.506586,37.506666,37.506759,37.506865,37.506984,37.507284,37.507644,37.508129,37.508366,37.508549,37.508743,37.508953,37.509011,37.509253,37.509482,37.50972,37.509871,37.510141,37.510362,37.510645,37.510935,37.511067,37.51364,37.513978,37.514805,37.517167,37.518332,37.518633,37.518928,37.5192,37.519365,37.519543,37.519811,37.520135,37.520257,37.520545,37.520779,37.521032,37.521413,37.521559,37.521722,37.52198,37.522169,37.522529,37.522742,37.523208,37.523536,37.523793,37.524183,37.524335,37.524639,37.524923,37.525106,37.525399,37.525451,37.525667,37.525891,37.526216,37.526766,37.527601,37.527741,37.527915,37.528123,37.528259,37.528508,37.528692,37.528764,37.528894,37.528972,37.529068,37.529205,37.529515,37.529918,37.530224,37.530348,37.530531,37.530662,37.53085,37.53104,37.531068,37.531291,37.531398,37.531638,37.531783,37.532022,37.532264,37.532533,37.533237,37.533507,37.533609,37.533741,37.534153,37.534444,37.534633,37.534829,37.535147,37.53541,37.535493,37.535757,37.536453,37.537389,37.537587,37.537985,37.538433,37.538776,37.539725,37.539996,37.541577,37.542372,37.542938,37.54338,37.543557,37.543673,37.543714,37.543741,37.543767,37.543807,37.543885,37.54393,37.543962,37.544125,37.54425,37.544376,37.545332,37.546168,37.546367,37.546655,37.546964,37.54706,37.547193,37.547334,37.54752,37.547716,37.547878,37.548046,37.548232,37.548382,37.548804,37.550228,37.550513,37.550733,37.550807,37.551491,37.552252,37.553111,37.554216,37.554629,37.555738,37.55626,37.556859,37.558031,37.558449,37.558897,37.559931,37.5603,37.56052,37.560817,37.560892,37.561392,37.561549,37.561935,37.563517,37.563854,37.564132,37.564675,37.566789,37.566994,37.567022,37.567171,37.567547,37.567938,37.56834,37.568705,37.569241,37.569555,37.569795,37.570172,37.571531,37.572167,37.572318,37.572892,37.573042,37.574895,37.575041,37.576185,37.577885,37.578218,37.578329,37.579322,37.580814,37.582022,37.582261,37.583411,37.583609,37.583903,37.584069,37.584272,37.584316,37.584497,37.584644,37.584974,37.585225]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F47B03","#F89106","#F47B03","#F89106"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $53,000<br>Census Tract: 9301.02<br>Area Name: New Canton","Median family income: $76,196<br>Census Tract: 9302.02<br>Area Name: Mount Rush","Median family income: $57,600<br>Census Tract: 9301.01<br>Area Name: James River","Median family income: $62,372<br>Census Tract: 9302.01<br>Area Name: Dillwyn"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.329553,37.796963],"lng":[-78.833365,-78.239722]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The New Canton tract has the lowest median family incomes at \$53,000.
However, relative to the other localities, the difference between the
lowest median family income and the highest median family income in
Buckingham is small—the Mount Rush tract has the highest median family
income (\$76,196).

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. In
Buckingham County, the tract with the lowest median family income also
has the highest percentage of families making under \$35,000.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Buckingham County

<div id="htmlwidget-4b1b720845e9504a1bbd" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-4b1b720845e9504a1bbd">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.489234,-78.489221,-78.489211,-78.489175,-78.48916,-78.489108,-78.48904,-78.488975,-78.488866,-78.488763,-78.488618,-78.488449,-78.488229,-78.488141,-78.488009,-78.487969,-78.487926,-78.4878,-78.487675,-78.487201,-78.486828,-78.486612,-78.486568,-78.486395,-78.486351,-78.486264,-78.48613,-78.485635,-78.485091,-78.485001,-78.484957,-78.484879,-78.484818,-78.484791,-78.484728,-78.484728,-78.484737,-78.484761,-78.484817,-78.484839,-78.484853,-78.48486,-78.484885,-78.484892,-78.484907,-78.484931,-78.484979,-78.48499,-78.485029,-78.485043,-78.485099,-78.485216,-78.485288,-78.485319,-78.485704,-78.485923,-78.486025,-78.486183,-78.486241,-78.486393,-78.486461,-78.486501,-78.486529,-78.486585,-78.486647,-78.486679,-78.486687,-78.486666,-78.486636,-78.48662,-78.486553,-78.486525,-78.486451,-78.486327,-78.486238,-78.48606,-78.48567,-78.485502,-78.485087,-78.484965,-78.484927,-78.484826,-78.484745,-78.484616,-78.484492,-78.484169,-78.483863,-78.483644,-78.483579,-78.48354,-78.48341,-78.483371,-78.483268,-78.483246,-78.483178,-78.483154,-78.483023,-78.482966,-78.482933,-78.482598,-78.482421,-78.482182,-78.482147,-78.482108,-78.482017,-78.481973,-78.48193,-78.481849,-78.481805,-78.481686,-78.481348,-78.480977,-78.480896,-78.480859,-78.480817,-78.480739,-78.480415,-78.480246,-78.479899,-78.479458,-78.479053,-78.478964,-78.478919,-78.478784,-78.478384,-78.478294,-78.478205,-78.477847,-78.477757,-78.477712,-78.477578,-78.477398,-78.477226,-78.477146,-78.477028,-78.476529,-78.476362,-78.476234,-78.47592,-78.475784,-78.475292,-78.475203,-78.475025,-78.47495,-78.474818,-78.474596,-78.474507,-78.474283,-78.473968,-78.473792,-78.473752,-78.473624,-78.473517,-78.473352,-78.473165,-78.472872,-78.472747,-78.472547,-78.472355,-78.472282,-78.472249,-78.472097,-78.471898,-78.471532,-78.470708,-78.470583,-78.470371,-78.470108,-78.469927,-78.469746,-78.469383,-78.468751,-78.46866,-78.46857,-78.468439,-78.468397,-78.468254,-78.468217,-78.468038,-78.46801,-78.467967,-78.467867,-78.467825,-78.467786,-78.467552,-78.467281,-78.467163,-78.467064,-78.467027,-78.466889,-78.466801,-78.466711,-78.46653,-78.466351,-78.466308,-78.466185,-78.465984,-78.46583,-78.465717,-78.465504,-78.465401,-78.465337,-78.465254,-78.465234,-78.465183,-78.465122,-78.46505,-78.465014,-78.465008,-78.464984,-78.464972,-78.46496,-78.464933,-78.464948,-78.464992,-78.465026,-78.465031,-78.465021,-78.465004,-78.464948,-78.464889,-78.464695,-78.464515,-78.464379,-78.464291,-78.464084,-78.464029,-78.463718,-78.463423,-78.463247,-78.463174,-78.463107,-78.462904,-78.46262,-78.462416,-78.462176,-78.462074,-78.461989,-78.461927,-78.461751,-78.461565,-78.461484,-78.461331,-78.46109,-78.461004,-78.460782,-78.46042,-78.458856,-78.45868,-78.458237,-78.457975,-78.457933,-78.457846,-78.457762,-78.457378,-78.45658,-78.456548,-78.454976,-78.454931,-78.454539,-78.453763,-78.453508,-78.453422,-78.453381,-78.453295,-78.453085,-78.453042,-78.452961,-78.452918,-78.452716,-78.452052,-78.45172,-78.451507,-78.451176,-78.45097,-78.450611,-78.450185,-78.450153,-78.450082,-78.44988,-78.4497,-78.449622,-78.449532,-78.449439,-78.449421,-78.449384,-78.449364,-78.449331,-78.44931,-78.449302,-78.449292,-78.44926,-78.44925,-78.44925,-78.449263,-78.449309,-78.449375,-78.449414,-78.449517,-78.449528,-78.44966,-78.449786,-78.449994,-78.450104,-78.450155,-78.450243,-78.450493,-78.450603,-78.450717,-78.450837,-78.451084,-78.451391,-78.451481,-78.451615,-78.451748,-78.451836,-78.452507,-78.452777,-78.453003,-78.45368,-78.453816,-78.45395,-78.454034,-78.454071,-78.454122,-78.454135,-78.454155,-78.454163,-78.454139,-78.454134,-78.45411,-78.454105,-78.454079,-78.454072,-78.454016,-78.453923,-78.453834,-78.453732,-78.453661,-78.453568,-78.453435,-78.453371,-78.453238,-78.452564,-78.452424,-78.452064,-78.452004,-78.451954,-78.451932,-78.451892,-78.451877,-78.451883,-78.451912,-78.451932,-78.452039,-78.452135,-78.45295,-78.454363,-78.454507,-78.454552,-78.454603,-78.454645,-78.454674,-78.454702,-78.454706,-78.454692,-78.454659,-78.454551,-78.454529,-78.454446,-78.454415,-78.454305,-78.45417,-78.454086,-78.454046,-78.453756,-78.453674,-78.453461,-78.453329,-78.45324,-78.453104,-78.453015,-78.452928,-78.452809,-78.452771,-78.452644,-78.452507,-78.452434,-78.452392,-78.452367,-78.45197,-78.45168,-78.451437,-78.451103,-78.450923,-78.450664,-78.450343,-78.450198,-78.449975,-78.449935,-78.449895,-78.449859,-78.449778,-78.449741,-78.449618,-78.44941,-78.449192,-78.448441,-78.44809,-78.447883,-78.447867,-78.44642,-78.446195,-78.446015,-78.445836,-78.445705,-78.445581,-78.445386,-78.445304,-78.445107,-78.444965,-78.444915,-78.444877,-78.444849,-78.444776,-78.444731,-78.444594,-78.444526,-78.444347,-78.444154,-78.44401,-78.443816,-78.443682,-78.443612,-78.443429,-78.443351,-78.443133,-78.442542,-78.442258,-78.442167,-78.442068,-78.441979,-78.441862,-78.441828,-78.441459,-78.441277,-78.441241,-78.440915,-78.440775,-78.440648,-78.440519,-78.440328,-78.440255,-78.440217,-78.440183,-78.439641,-78.439428,-78.43936,-78.439174,-78.439089,-78.439037,-78.438866,-78.438813,-78.438749,-78.438723,-78.438627,-78.438523,-78.438373,-78.438291,-78.438252,-78.43804,-78.437904,-78.437814,-78.43768,-78.437504,-78.437378,-78.437009,-78.436856,-78.43663,-78.436275,-78.436079,-78.43599,-78.435802,-78.435716,-78.435627,-78.435536,-78.435466,-78.435437,-78.435377,-78.435292,-78.434972,-78.434823,-78.43475,-78.434718,-78.434601,-78.434293,-78.434245,-78.434006,-78.433639,-78.433591,-78.433454,-78.433332,-78.433279,-78.433117,-78.433047,-78.432936,-78.432657,-78.432405,-78.432325,-78.431991,-78.431649,-78.431473,-78.43143,-78.4312,-78.431112,-78.431022,-78.430888,-78.430799,-78.430754,-78.43053,-78.430357,-78.430157,-78.429923,-78.429818,-78.429727,-78.429647,-78.429561,-78.42927,-78.429204,-78.429132,-78.429073,-78.429049,-78.42896,-78.428926,-78.42887,-78.428449,-78.428369,-78.428275,-78.428219,-78.428173,-78.428145,-78.428141,-78.428171,-78.428232,-78.428282,-78.428405,-78.428452,-78.428508,-78.428575,-78.428771,-78.428861,-78.429019,-78.429048,-78.429265,-78.429642,-78.429837,-78.431115,-78.431266,-78.432353,-78.433058,-78.433261,-78.433511,-78.433568,-78.433601,-78.433658,-78.433811,-78.43391,-78.434335,-78.434374,-78.434728,-78.435141,-78.435388,-78.435642,-78.435912,-78.436027,-78.436109,-78.436233,-78.436307,-78.43634,-78.436364,-78.436381,-78.436411,-78.436426,-78.436431,-78.436428,-78.436409,-78.436375,-78.436303,-78.436241,-78.436167,-78.436086,-78.435992,-78.435924,-78.435665,-78.435547,-78.435204,-78.434938,-78.434771,-78.434565,-78.434396,-78.433859,-78.433774,-78.433734,-78.433467,-78.433377,-78.433242,-78.433015,-78.432384,-78.43139,-78.430804,-78.43053,-78.430217,-78.429729,-78.429642,-78.429553,-78.42951,-78.429289,-78.428841,-78.428614,-78.428434,-78.428301,-78.42817,-78.428127,-78.42791,-78.427782,-78.427611,-78.427317,-78.42703,-78.426912,-78.42671,-78.4256,-78.425196,-78.425087,-78.424926,-78.424619,-78.424332,-78.424168,-78.424131,-78.424064,-78.423848,-78.423692,-78.423606,-78.423517,-78.423245,-78.422791,-78.4227,-78.422609,-78.422564,-78.4222,-78.422155,-78.421928,-78.421748,-78.421598,-78.421523,-78.421427,-78.421359,-78.421343,-78.421324,-78.421332,-78.421338,-78.421381,-78.421446,-78.421504,-78.421539,-78.421654,-78.421697,-78.421776,-78.422023,-78.4221,-78.422207,-78.422324,-78.422459,-78.422836,-78.422977,-78.423056,-78.423082,-78.423118,-78.423122,-78.423116,-78.423091,-78.423059,-78.423007,-78.422901,-78.422821,-78.422611,-78.422512,-78.422407,-78.422065,-78.421671,-78.421152,-78.420955,-78.420276,-78.420057,-78.420001,-78.419857,-78.419826,-78.419754,-78.419693,-78.419644,-78.419613,-78.419615,-78.419628,-78.419673,-78.41975,-78.41978,-78.41992,-78.420166,-78.420293,-78.421126,-78.421384,-78.421549,-78.421587,-78.42171,-78.421786,-78.421866,-78.422172,-78.422399,-78.422696,-78.423133,-78.423286,-78.423459,-78.423592,-78.423637,-78.423726,-78.424221,-78.424904,-78.425542,-78.425907,-78.426087,-78.426307,-78.426392,-78.426471,-78.42656,-78.426608,-78.426627,-78.42668,-78.426868,-78.426901,-78.426903,-78.426916,-78.426921,-78.426915,-78.426908,-78.426875,-78.426747,-78.426711,-78.426611,-78.426582,-78.426585,-78.426596,-78.426594,-78.42665,-78.426872,-78.426921,-78.427008,-78.427453,-78.427499,-78.428133,-78.428041,-78.427903,-78.427708,-78.427449,-78.427318,-78.427233,-78.427163,-78.427118,-78.427084,-78.42706,-78.427048,-78.427053,-78.427076,-78.427116,-78.42716,-78.4274,-78.427485,-78.427542,-78.427612,-78.427804,-78.427966,-78.428042,-78.428223,-78.428388,-78.42851,-78.428547,-78.428573,-78.428584,-78.428579,-78.428591,-78.428604,-78.428612,-78.428461,-78.42777,-78.427403,-78.426885,-78.42656,-78.426464,-78.426401,-78.426035,-78.425683,-78.425517,-78.42533,-78.425234,-78.425033,-78.424536,-78.42446,-78.42437,-78.424108,-78.423942,-78.423769,-78.423589,-78.422602,-78.42238,-78.422021,-78.421897,-78.421358,-78.421192,-78.421075,-78.420943,-78.420805,-78.420702,-78.420563,-78.420404,-78.420245,-78.42017,-78.420052,-78.419997,-78.419935,-78.4199,-78.419907,-78.420031,-78.42001,-78.419879,-78.419817,-78.419789,-78.419762,-78.419796,-78.420126,-78.420171,-78.42026,-78.420436,-78.420554,-78.420591,-78.420653,-78.420727,-78.420813,-78.420846,-78.4209,-78.420977,-78.421023,-78.421033,-78.421027,-78.421007,-78.420975,-78.420938,-78.420914,-78.420854,-78.420684,-78.420448,-78.420283,-78.420073,-78.419986,-78.419945,-78.41977,-78.419729,-78.419685,-78.41964,-78.419251,-78.418696,-78.418389,-78.418174,-78.417998,-78.417828,-78.417718,-78.41766,-78.417592,-78.417334,-78.417268,-78.417193,-78.416972,-78.416792,-78.416736,-78.416543,-78.416473,-78.416343,-78.41602,-78.415907,-78.415789,-78.415747,-78.415661,-78.415536,-78.415455,-78.415379,-78.415344,-78.415263,-78.415174,-78.415122,-78.415064,-78.415041,-78.415034,-78.415039,-78.415085,-78.415164,-78.415286,-78.415419,-78.415745,-78.415877,-78.415936,-78.416256,-78.416335,-78.416367,-78.416392,-78.416409,-78.416432,-78.416431,-78.416394,-78.41634,-78.416308,-78.416283,-78.41618,-78.415966,-78.415849,-78.415813,-78.415701,-78.415591,-78.415547,-78.415466,-78.415439,-78.415417,-78.415414,-78.415428,-78.415503,-78.415552,-78.415592,-78.415792,-78.415885,-78.415987,-78.416097,-78.416215,-78.4163,-78.416433,-78.416523,-78.416746,-78.416879,-78.416968,-78.417058,-78.417146,-78.417191,-78.417454,-78.417541,-78.417628,-78.417672,-78.417893,-78.41816,-78.418339,-78.419039,-78.419386,-78.420065,-78.420282,-78.420365,-78.420443,-78.420501,-78.420566,-78.420652,-78.420687,-78.420705,-78.420728,-78.420723,-78.420726,-78.420712,-78.42066,-78.420584,-78.420485,-78.420364,-78.420291,-78.420232,-78.420132,-78.420027,-78.419915,-78.419798,-78.419707,-78.419553,-78.419299,-78.418906,-78.418818,-78.418687,-78.418643,-78.417891,-78.417757,-78.417262,-78.417218,-78.417128,-78.417084,-78.416771,-78.416638,-78.416332,-78.415562,-78.415059,-78.414878,-78.414562,-78.414384,-78.414254,-78.414083,-78.413711,-78.413631,-78.413546,-78.413415,-78.413326,-78.413261,-78.413191,-78.41301,-78.412833,-78.412604,-78.412334,-78.4121,-78.411923,-78.41173,-78.411524,-78.411434,-78.411382,-78.411212,-78.411181,-78.411127,-78.410862,-78.410582,-78.410437,-78.410346,-78.410076,-78.409791,-78.409604,-78.409374,-78.409294,-78.409218,-78.408904,-78.408862,-78.408788,-78.408664,-78.408435,-78.408254,-78.407979,-78.407709,-78.407523,-78.406877,-78.406709,-78.406598,-78.406003,-78.405756,-78.405461,-78.405289,-78.404863,-78.404776,-78.403925,-78.403841,-78.403798,-78.403589,-78.403301,-78.402787,-78.402559,-78.402278,-78.402031,-78.401938,-78.401762,-78.40122,-78.401072,-78.400968,-78.400937,-78.400828,-78.400673,-78.400537,-78.400475,-78.400445,-78.400421,-78.400372,-78.400247,-78.400004,-78.399893,-78.399787,-78.399715,-78.399697,-78.399686,-78.399661,-78.399642,-78.399558,-78.399418,-78.39926,-78.399135,-78.39896,-78.398827,-78.398782,-78.398602,-78.398377,-78.398112,-78.397591,-78.397425,-78.397338,-78.396922,-78.396711,-78.396539,-78.396407,-78.396227,-78.396001,-78.39555,-78.395505,-78.39546,-78.394735,-78.394465,-78.394332,-78.394071,-78.393769,-78.393398,-78.392928,-78.392465,-78.391478,-78.391166,-78.39115,-78.39076,-78.390588,-78.389993,-78.389847,-78.389779,-78.389623,-78.389496,-78.389322,-78.389188,-78.388871,-78.38869,-78.388283,-78.388061,-78.388021,-78.387852,-78.387818,-78.387735,-78.3877,-78.387658,-78.38762,-78.387443,-78.387066,-78.386859,-78.386457,-78.386288,-78.385787,-78.385205,-78.384989,-78.384736,-78.384211,-78.383976,-78.383691,-78.383364,-78.383191,-78.383047,-78.383015,-78.382888,-78.382018,-78.381331,-78.381009,-78.380373,-78.380338,-78.379958,-78.379885,-78.379654,-78.379582,-78.379541,-78.379505,-78.379449,-78.379403,-78.379315,-78.37923,-78.379186,-78.379066,-78.378779,-78.378738,-78.378666,-78.378635,-78.37861,-78.378541,-78.37845,-78.378359,-78.378269,-78.378181,-78.378138,-78.378058,-78.377994,-78.377943,-78.377891,-78.377857,-78.377843,-78.377813,-78.377738,-78.377722,-78.377703,-78.377693,-78.377632,-78.377607,-78.377585,-78.377549,-78.377475,-78.377382,-78.377241,-78.377093,-78.37695,-78.376765,-78.376725,-78.376431,-78.376103,-78.375597,-78.375351,-78.375257,-78.375162,-78.374905,-78.374864,-78.374713,-78.374616,-78.374368,-78.37431,-78.374179,-78.374068,-78.373941,-78.373691,-78.373473,-78.373414,-78.373279,-78.373209,-78.373096,-78.373017,-78.372654,-78.372187,-78.372146,-78.371972,-78.371837,-78.371611,-78.371292,-78.371109,-78.371019,-78.37093,-78.370677,-78.370416,-78.370282,-78.370237,-78.369874,-78.369789,-78.369702,-78.369545,-78.369501,-78.369377,-78.36926,-78.369166,-78.369139,-78.369008,-78.368972,-78.368958,-78.36894,-78.368889,-78.368864,-78.368847,-78.368837,-78.368819,-78.368788,-78.368769,-78.368716,-78.368653,-78.368438,-78.368202,-78.368048,-78.36788,-78.367836,-78.367624,-78.367124,-78.366999,-78.366792,-78.366703,-78.36652,-78.366296,-78.366205,-78.366068,-78.365933,-78.365799,-78.365625,-78.36558,-78.365534,-78.36549,-78.36545,-78.365354,-78.365208,-78.365129,-78.365025,-78.364951,-78.36478,-78.364548,-78.364299,-78.364261,-78.364156,-78.364125,-78.363953,-78.363691,-78.363577,-78.363543,-78.363461,-78.363418,-78.363329,-78.363238,-78.363192,-78.363043,-78.362877,-78.362803,-78.36274,-78.362669,-78.362662,-78.362589,-78.362538,-78.36246,-78.362307,-78.362184,-78.362119,-78.362084,-78.362019,-78.361874,-78.361807,-78.361588,-78.361518,-78.361477,-78.361408,-78.361256,-78.361114,-78.361037,-78.361004,-78.360964,-78.360892,-78.360702,-78.360668,-78.360513,-78.360482,-78.360442,-78.360335,-78.360241,-78.360082,-78.359977,-78.359883,-78.359762,-78.359749,-78.359702,-78.359699,-78.359702,-78.359728,-78.359803,-78.359875,-78.359966,-78.360032,-78.360089,-78.360125,-78.360205,-78.360251,-78.360302,-78.360343,-78.360365,-78.360383,-78.360386,-78.360374,-78.360349,-78.360288,-78.360284,-78.360265,-78.360236,-78.360253,-78.360238,-78.360246,-78.360244,-78.360235,-78.360243,-78.360243,-78.36025,-78.360247,-78.360261,-78.360284,-78.360368,-78.360408,-78.360424,-78.360465,-78.360489,-78.360548,-78.360583,-78.360592,-78.360584,-78.360548,-78.360493,-78.360426,-78.360375,-78.360149,-78.360024,-78.359967,-78.3599,-78.359788,-78.359672,-78.359484,-78.359283,-78.359036,-78.358847,-78.358692,-78.358608,-78.358473,-78.358291,-78.358112,-78.357982,-78.357857,-78.357696,-78.357502,-78.35717,-78.357103,-78.35684,-78.356768,-78.356616,-78.356511,-78.356387,-78.356255,-78.356175,-78.356015,-78.355911,-78.355687,-78.355496,-78.355418,-78.355175,-78.355131,-78.35505,-78.354708,-78.35453,-78.354173,-78.35413,-78.354011,-78.353958,-78.353878,-78.353847,-78.353822,-78.353766,-78.353739,-78.353666,-78.353329,-78.353209,-78.352836,-78.352274,-78.352192,-78.351951,-78.351913,-78.351747,-78.351709,-78.351542,-78.351281,-78.351105,-78.351063,-78.350704,-78.350437,-78.349734,-78.349477,-78.349394,-78.349093,-78.348926,-78.348626,-78.348544,-78.348324,-78.348234,-78.348099,-78.348011,-78.347879,-78.347612,-78.347525,-78.347351,-78.347265,-78.347137,-78.34705,-78.346743,-78.346613,-78.346189,-78.345881,-78.345616,-78.344846,-78.344693,-78.344603,-78.344514,-78.344472,-78.344429,-78.344387,-78.344301,-78.34426,-78.344217,-78.344133,-78.34409,-78.344049,-78.344007,-78.34392,-78.343877,-78.343836,-78.34371,-78.343627,-78.343585,-78.3435,-78.343243,-78.34286,-78.342774,-78.342601,-78.342558,-78.342428,-78.342254,-78.34199,-78.341903,-78.341861,-78.34173,-78.341688,-78.341646,-78.341521,-78.34148,-78.341437,-78.341138,-78.341051,-78.341008,-78.340921,-78.340834,-78.340791,-78.340705,-78.340642,-78.340576,-78.340359,-78.340316,-78.340143,-78.340055,-78.340011,-78.339746,-78.33948,-78.339214,-78.33917,-78.338196,-78.337842,-78.3378,-78.337564,-78.337515,-78.337469,-78.337388,-78.337301,-78.336785,-78.336477,-78.33594,-78.335346,-78.335067,-78.334896,-78.334399,-78.333772,-78.333285,-78.33289,-78.33253,-78.331807,-78.331401,-78.33113,-78.331086,-78.330996,-78.330499,-78.330318,-78.330182,-78.329552,-78.329109,-78.328535,-78.328106,-78.327902,-78.327748,-78.327606,-78.32749,-78.327423,-78.327371,-78.327333,-78.32731,-78.327303,-78.327366,-78.327373,-78.327362,-78.327345,-78.32722,-78.327106,-78.326929,-78.326744,-78.326725,-78.326586,-78.326411,-78.326154,-78.325877,-78.325738,-78.325627,-78.32543,-78.325324,-78.325277,-78.324226,-78.323425,-78.32219,-78.322123,-78.32211,-78.322096,-78.322082,-78.321608,-78.321525,-78.321099,-78.321074,-78.321061,-78.320925,-78.319225,-78.317825,-78.316825,-78.315925,-78.315025,-78.314125,-78.312925,-78.312025,-78.310925,-78.310025,-78.308424,-78.307063,-78.306623,-78.306523,-78.306045,-78.305567,-78.305223,-78.304747,-78.30461,-78.304474,-78.304177,-78.30388,-78.303823,-78.302604,-78.302422,-78.302393,-78.301697,-78.301623,-78.300899,-78.300828,-78.300757,-78.300524,-78.299424,-78.298424,-78.297857,-78.297124,-78.296224,-78.293924,-78.293624,-78.293024,-78.291624,-78.290277,-78.29016,-78.290043,-78.289124,-78.287424,-78.285624,-78.284124,-78.282924,-78.28288,-78.281424,-78.279924,-78.278224,-78.276223,-78.274523,-78.272623,-78.272146,-78.271623,-78.271233,-78.269305,-78.267037,-78.265493,-78.26162,-78.261569,-78.257794,-78.257724,-78.257675,-78.25763,-78.257553,-78.257509,-78.257497,-78.257477,-78.257434,-78.257123,-78.256123,-78.2558,-78.255672,-78.255538,-78.255297,-78.254423,-78.253121,-78.253105,-78.253075,-78.252978,-78.252823,-78.252454,-78.251623,-78.250423,-78.249723,-78.248823,-78.248207,-78.247221,-78.246199,-78.245715,-78.245703,-78.245411,-78.245045,-78.244914,-78.24449,-78.24444,-78.244298,-78.243856,-78.242862,-78.242267,-78.241929,-78.24148,-78.241327,-78.240996,-78.24091,-78.240415,-78.240162,-78.23992,-78.239722,-78.239722,-78.239748,-78.240494,-78.240887,-78.241463,-78.241466,-78.241738,-78.241815,-78.241817,-78.241821,-78.241823,-78.241838,-78.242142,-78.243009,-78.243014,-78.244126,-78.244188,-78.244192,-78.244347,-78.244453,-78.244466,-78.244469,-78.244473,-78.244667,-78.244705,-78.244724,-78.244985,-78.24499,-78.244997,-78.245008,-78.245012,-78.245894,-78.245898,-78.246484,-78.24716,-78.247546,-78.248003,-78.248119,-78.248661,-78.248739,-78.249021,-78.249721,-78.250026,-78.252497,-78.25449,-78.254524,-78.254611,-78.254635,-78.255288,-78.256471,-78.258234,-78.258253,-78.259635,-78.260679,-78.263773,-78.263921,-78.267363,-78.268666,-78.26955,-78.271171,-78.27135,-78.27332,-78.275192,-78.275193,-78.27799,-78.278027,-78.278044,-78.278144,-78.278282,-78.278296,-78.278373,-78.278414,-78.278429,-78.278444,-78.278458,-78.278583,-78.278601,-78.279299,-78.279423,-78.281737,-78.287139,-78.290786,-78.29492,-78.296229,-78.29625,-78.296387,-78.296402,-78.296442,-78.296632,-78.297084,-78.297143,-78.297319,-78.297341,-78.298793,-78.299219,-78.302315,-78.302543,-78.302781,-78.303056,-78.303634,-78.303814,-78.304271,-78.304697,-78.305104,-78.30545,-78.305875,-78.306396,-78.306787,-78.307179,-78.307977,-78.308437,-78.309841,-78.309938,-78.310179,-78.310418,-78.31082,-78.310961,-78.311263,-78.311649,-78.311825,-78.31204,-78.312282,-78.312683,-78.313071,-78.313658,-78.314118,-78.314567,-78.315312,-78.316974,-78.317221,-78.318874,-78.318965,-78.319266,-78.319607,-78.319948,-78.320324,-78.320422,-78.32074,-78.321014,-78.32135,-78.321635,-78.321866,-78.322164,-78.322474,-78.322785,-78.323034,-78.323344,-78.323651,-78.323956,-78.325012,-78.325289,-78.32576,-78.326067,-78.326365,-78.32661,-78.326857,-78.32722,-78.327515,-78.327865,-78.328965,-78.32905,-78.329788,-78.330161,-78.330664,-78.330914,-78.331157,-78.331394,-78.332641,-78.333165,-78.333493,-78.33375,-78.334412,-78.334689,-78.335144,-78.335591,-78.336027,-78.336699,-78.337015,-78.337304,-78.338543,-78.338797,-78.339124,-78.339463,-78.339625,-78.339972,-78.34014,-78.340263,-78.340317,-78.341228,-78.341383,-78.341575,-78.34283,-78.343259,-78.343695,-78.344494,-78.344572,-78.344673,-78.344795,-78.344893,-78.34617,-78.347042,-78.347114,-78.347155,-78.34726,-78.347371,-78.347443,-78.347539,-78.347625,-78.348523,-78.349748,-78.350346,-78.350739,-78.351138,-78.351259,-78.351413,-78.351545,-78.351678,-78.35181,-78.353276,-78.353511,-78.353903,-78.354302,-78.354558,-78.354785,-78.355764,-78.357063,-78.35795,-78.359093,-78.359666,-78.360241,-78.361098,-78.362915,-78.362983,-78.363097,-78.363208,-78.363314,-78.363412,-78.365024,-78.365225,-78.365432,-78.365644,-78.367039,-78.367322,-78.36747,-78.367616,-78.36771,-78.367798,-78.367897,-78.367984,-78.368043,-78.368316,-78.368443,-78.36856,-78.368666,-78.368712,-78.368825,-78.368978,-78.369727,-78.369897,-78.370079,-78.370298,-78.370441,-78.370588,-78.370739,-78.370972,-78.37117,-78.371704,-78.37189,-78.37207,-78.372214,-78.372244,-78.372512,-78.372992,-78.373518,-78.373663,-78.374021,-78.374446,-78.374764,-78.375079,-78.375981,-78.376318,-78.377295,-78.37736,-78.377492,-78.377653,-78.377936,-78.379145,-78.38014,-78.380403,-78.380618,-78.38089,-78.381165,-78.381443,-78.381694,-78.381999,-78.382448,-78.382948,-78.383088,-78.383437,-78.383893,-78.384166,-78.384434,-78.384697,-78.385487,-78.386322,-78.387415,-78.387872,-78.388438,-78.38966,-78.390799,-78.391726,-78.3931,-78.393626,-78.395286,-78.397747,-78.397856,-78.399088,-78.401307,-78.402348,-78.402593,-78.402828,-78.403274,-78.403373,-78.403564,-78.40465,-78.405473,-78.405909,-78.406255,-78.406532,-78.406831,-78.407157,-78.407415,-78.407797,-78.408515,-78.408732,-78.408997,-78.409163,-78.409455,-78.409587,-78.409699,-78.409722,-78.409736,-78.409761,-78.409818,-78.4099,-78.409983,-78.410083,-78.410225,-78.410315,-78.41044,-78.410608,-78.410809,-78.410978,-78.411154,-78.411318,-78.41138,-78.411607,-78.412206,-78.412794,-78.412978,-78.413086,-78.413153,-78.413317,-78.413606,-78.414229,-78.41444,-78.414979,-78.41516,-78.415397,-78.416178,-78.416311,-78.416409,-78.416569,-78.416707,-78.41683,-78.416914,-78.416989,-78.417067,-78.417129,-78.417149,-78.417232,-78.417309,-78.417334,-78.417384,-78.417441,-78.417451,-78.417528,-78.417599,-78.417847,-78.417985,-78.418107,-78.418275,-78.418454,-78.418926,-78.419293,-78.419872,-78.41993,-78.42,-78.420173,-78.420326,-78.420499,-78.420658,-78.420802,-78.421023,-78.421305,-78.42152,-78.42169,-78.421874,-78.422031,-78.422199,-78.422417,-78.42269,-78.423133,-78.423492,-78.423805,-78.424191,-78.424693,-78.42487,-78.425084,-78.425289,-78.425579,-78.425906,-78.426018,-78.42632,-78.426698,-78.427038,-78.427465,-78.427967,-78.428124,-78.428528,-78.42881,-78.429028,-78.429347,-78.429451,-78.430034,-78.430401,-78.430751,-78.430861,-78.430893,-78.431021,-78.431136,-78.431218,-78.431365,-78.43154,-78.431705,-78.432001,-78.432289,-78.432609,-78.433016,-78.433368,-78.43379,-78.434032,-78.43427,-78.434381,-78.434636,-78.434882,-78.435016,-78.435138,-78.435246,-78.4354,-78.435669,-78.435876,-78.436047,-78.436235,-78.436416,-78.436736,-78.436857,-78.437006,-78.437099,-78.437206,-78.437535,-78.437701,-78.437837,-78.438086,-78.43833,-78.438531,-78.439205,-78.440043,-78.440339,-78.440862,-78.441185,-78.441631,-78.441931,-78.442191,-78.442401,-78.442655,-78.44295,-78.443117,-78.443353,-78.443815,-78.444261,-78.444442,-78.444567,-78.444736,-78.445501,-78.445974,-78.446921,-78.447125,-78.447535,-78.448286,-78.448488,-78.448691,-78.448759,-78.448791,-78.448867,-78.448932,-78.448999,-78.449095,-78.449181,-78.449366,-78.449605,-78.44995,-78.45014,-78.450337,-78.450403,-78.450516,-78.450629,-78.450743,-78.45086,-78.450968,-78.451154,-78.451429,-78.451573,-78.451669,-78.451751,-78.451835,-78.451995,-78.452364,-78.452782,-78.452873,-78.453107,-78.453668,-78.454187,-78.454536,-78.455218,-78.455441,-78.455976,-78.456309,-78.45661,-78.45688,-78.457054,-78.457225,-78.457362,-78.457501,-78.45763,-78.457712,-78.457837,-78.457948,-78.458163,-78.458242,-78.458316,-78.458548,-78.458684,-78.458802,-78.458883,-78.458958,-78.459072,-78.45917,-78.459264,-78.459335,-78.45948,-78.459669,-78.459831,-78.460172,-78.460791,-78.460893,-78.461045,-78.461143,-78.461222,-78.461291,-78.4614,-78.46148,-78.462204,-78.462421,-78.462869,-78.463049,-78.463217,-78.46333,-78.463485,-78.463602,-78.463653,-78.463757,-78.463894,-78.464436,-78.465111,-78.465388,-78.465517,-78.465733,-78.465949,-78.466512,-78.466998,-78.467151,-78.467338,-78.467504,-78.467729,-78.467963,-78.468662,-78.468691,-78.468772,-78.468915,-78.468934,-78.468991,-78.469049,-78.469163,-78.469265,-78.46955,-78.471057,-78.471251,-78.471611,-78.472054,-78.472251,-78.472383,-78.472753,-78.47291,-78.473376,-78.474184,-78.474568,-78.474841,-78.474965,-78.475063,-78.475398,-78.475658,-78.475797,-78.476443,-78.476829,-78.477133,-78.477961,-78.478434,-78.479626,-78.480258,-78.481733,-78.482705,-78.483079,-78.484964,-78.48518,-78.48567,-78.485902,-78.486194,-78.486344,-78.486513,-78.486721,-78.486906,-78.487202,-78.487348,-78.487505,-78.487297,-78.486713,-78.485861,-78.485218,-78.484758,-78.484695,-78.484549,-78.484461,-78.484397,-78.484369,-78.484307,-78.48428,-78.484271,-78.484292,-78.484324,-78.484382,-78.48446,-78.484549,-78.484653,-78.484753,-78.484915,-78.485054,-78.485127,-78.485501,-78.485522,-78.485578,-78.485549,-78.485541,-78.485515,-78.485461,-78.48543,-78.485393,-78.48535,-78.485259,-78.485123,-78.485033,-78.484991,-78.48496,-78.484938,-78.484923,-78.484925,-78.484935,-78.484928,-78.484911,-78.484756,-78.484722,-78.48468,-78.484652,-78.484648,-78.484654,-78.484651,-78.484686,-78.484737,-78.484806,-78.484908,-78.485007,-78.485146,-78.485179,-78.485357,-78.485558,-78.485598,-78.485687,-78.485809,-78.485866,-78.485896,-78.485974,-78.486005,-78.48611,-78.486139,-78.486228,-78.486269,-78.486281,-78.486337,-78.486572,-78.486729,-78.487124,-78.487182,-78.487246,-78.487482,-78.487635,-78.487772,-78.488031,-78.48818,-78.488612,-78.488742,-78.48881,-78.488904,-78.48893,-78.488992,-78.489069,-78.489158,-78.489195,-78.489241,-78.489234],"lat":[37.626897,37.627001,37.627035,37.627278,37.627347,37.627483,37.627615,37.627708,37.627821,37.62789,37.627973,37.628028,37.628051,37.628057,37.628074,37.62809,37.628095,37.628128,37.628171,37.628377,37.628507,37.62855,37.628555,37.628592,37.628596,37.628611,37.628614,37.628588,37.628551,37.628555,37.628564,37.6286,37.628652,37.628681,37.628814,37.62892,37.62899,37.629092,37.629258,37.629288,37.62932,37.629353,37.629382,37.629415,37.629448,37.629477,37.629572,37.629605,37.629667,37.629699,37.629794,37.629902,37.629942,37.629967,37.630149,37.630272,37.630342,37.63047,37.630525,37.6307,37.63079,37.630853,37.630881,37.630976,37.631109,37.631213,37.631318,37.631493,37.631597,37.63163,37.631723,37.631751,37.631793,37.631836,37.631852,37.631875,37.631958,37.632012,37.632161,37.632208,37.632227,37.632298,37.632311,37.632345,37.632388,37.632521,37.632673,37.632796,37.632843,37.63286,37.632952,37.632968,37.63303,37.63306,37.6331,37.633129,37.633217,37.633269,37.633291,37.633572,37.633732,37.633992,37.634014,37.634032,37.634041,37.634036,37.634025,37.633997,37.633988,37.633938,37.63376,37.633557,37.633527,37.633506,37.633495,37.63346,37.633346,37.633299,37.633222,37.633141,37.6331,37.633102,37.633096,37.633093,37.633097,37.633095,37.6331,37.633102,37.633098,37.633101,37.633093,37.633069,37.633025,37.632995,37.632943,37.632697,37.632644,37.632611,37.632582,37.632575,37.632565,37.632569,37.632562,37.632559,37.63256,37.632548,37.63255,37.632537,37.632498,37.632462,37.632446,37.63241,37.632344,37.632224,37.63207,37.63185,37.631747,37.631553,37.631403,37.631362,37.631338,37.63126,37.631167,37.63102,37.630721,37.630682,37.630623,37.630577,37.630557,37.630553,37.630554,37.630572,37.630569,37.630557,37.630532,37.630516,37.630461,37.630441,37.630281,37.630252,37.630191,37.630075,37.630013,37.629967,37.629692,37.629407,37.629299,37.629227,37.629207,37.629158,37.62914,37.629131,37.629136,37.629163,37.629175,37.629221,37.629304,37.629378,37.629437,37.629568,37.629638,37.629687,37.629772,37.629804,37.629862,37.629957,37.630088,37.63019,37.630225,37.630294,37.630363,37.630398,37.630788,37.630964,37.631209,37.631455,37.63156,37.63181,37.631986,37.632228,37.632397,37.632794,37.633125,37.63335,37.633474,37.633704,37.633759,37.634014,37.634235,37.634396,37.634484,37.634576,37.634893,37.635295,37.63557,37.635868,37.635984,37.636066,37.636117,37.636228,37.636322,37.636351,37.636427,37.636524,37.636547,37.636584,37.636617,37.63679,37.636814,37.636877,37.636933,37.636945,37.636962,37.636987,37.637073,37.637253,37.637261,37.637588,37.637594,37.637674,37.637851,37.637918,37.637937,37.637951,37.637969,37.638031,37.638039,37.638068,37.638078,37.638153,37.63849,37.638677,37.638809,37.639047,37.639185,37.639398,37.639658,37.639682,37.639725,37.639863,37.640015,37.6401,37.640221,37.64038,37.640447,37.640533,37.64058,37.640717,37.640786,37.640855,37.640889,37.641098,37.64131,37.641558,37.641771,37.641979,37.642183,37.642283,37.642516,37.64255,37.642776,37.642964,37.643235,37.643345,37.643403,37.643483,37.643636,37.643696,37.64375,37.643797,37.643873,37.643926,37.643938,37.643948,37.64395,37.643946,37.643958,37.643968,37.64397,37.644015,37.644027,37.644044,37.644072,37.644093,37.644151,37.644185,37.64429,37.644359,37.644536,37.644607,37.644676,37.644711,37.644778,37.644813,37.644947,37.645146,37.645309,37.645435,37.645523,37.6456,37.645694,37.645744,37.645822,37.646198,37.646284,37.646494,37.646547,37.646605,37.646637,37.646737,37.646806,37.646877,37.646945,37.646977,37.647091,37.647167,37.647627,37.648416,37.648554,37.648616,37.648675,37.648776,37.648879,37.649019,37.649161,37.649265,37.649368,37.649564,37.649595,37.649679,37.649705,37.649766,37.649826,37.649849,37.649867,37.649957,37.649986,37.650039,37.650061,37.650071,37.650069,37.650057,37.650035,37.649984,37.649964,37.649864,37.649726,37.649638,37.649576,37.649547,37.648952,37.648642,37.648391,37.648061,37.647905,37.647708,37.647512,37.647429,37.647315,37.647298,37.647286,37.647263,37.647235,37.647215,37.647175,37.647119,37.647075,37.646946,37.646878,37.646845,37.646843,37.646689,37.646683,37.646687,37.646713,37.646742,37.646785,37.646873,37.646918,37.647064,37.647201,37.64726,37.647323,37.64735,37.647478,37.647538,37.64776,37.647851,37.648057,37.648256,37.648393,37.648543,37.648639,37.648684,37.64879,37.648826,37.648953,37.649346,37.649525,37.649604,37.649724,37.649923,37.650265,37.65033,37.651238,37.651636,37.651701,37.652433,37.652693,37.652881,37.653028,37.653178,37.653222,37.65324,37.653264,37.653567,37.653701,37.653748,37.653902,37.653984,37.654041,37.654202,37.654257,37.654307,37.654335,37.654407,37.654474,37.654554,37.654581,37.654599,37.654649,37.654659,37.654657,37.654639,37.654601,37.654561,37.654425,37.654349,37.654228,37.654006,37.653859,37.65378,37.653578,37.653454,37.653293,37.653056,37.652741,37.652567,37.652288,37.652011,37.651084,37.650711,37.650581,37.650515,37.650323,37.649848,37.649787,37.649529,37.649164,37.649106,37.648969,37.648867,37.648812,37.648689,37.648643,37.648582,37.648469,37.648393,37.648362,37.648262,37.648171,37.648138,37.648126,37.648104,37.648091,37.648085,37.648086,37.648094,37.648094,37.648124,37.648163,37.648242,37.648345,37.648413,37.64849,37.648575,37.648699,37.649177,37.649269,37.649357,37.649411,37.64944,37.64952,37.649544,37.6496,37.64997,37.650056,37.650177,37.650274,37.650374,37.65055,37.650726,37.650935,37.651212,37.651385,37.65169,37.65179,37.651886,37.651979,37.652175,37.652253,37.652378,37.652406,37.652535,37.652736,37.652826,37.65344,37.653521,37.654161,37.654601,37.654739,37.65494,37.654994,37.655018,37.655072,37.655202,37.655274,37.655536,37.655555,37.655779,37.656053,37.656207,37.656355,37.656541,37.65665,37.656735,37.656924,37.657092,37.657195,37.657299,37.657404,37.657649,37.657719,37.657825,37.657931,37.658109,37.658212,37.658342,37.658437,37.658525,37.658606,37.658679,37.658725,37.658871,37.658923,37.659052,37.659153,37.659205,37.659277,37.659327,37.659507,37.659529,37.659545,37.659593,37.659602,37.659604,37.659591,37.659542,37.659459,37.659384,37.659356,37.659318,37.659248,37.65923,37.65922,37.659211,37.65918,37.659134,37.659131,37.659144,37.65916,37.659181,37.659194,37.659237,37.659269,37.659318,37.659416,37.659524,37.659578,37.659659,37.66007,37.660227,37.66029,37.660414,37.660679,37.660907,37.661029,37.661049,37.661097,37.661225,37.661299,37.661322,37.661337,37.661342,37.66134,37.661343,37.661341,37.661344,37.661335,37.661339,37.661341,37.661359,37.661399,37.66144,37.661515,37.661608,37.661641,37.66171,37.661887,37.661923,37.662024,37.662117,37.662172,37.662195,37.662251,37.662263,37.662296,37.662385,37.662422,37.662488,37.662596,37.662737,37.663176,37.663358,37.663486,37.663553,37.663692,37.663763,37.663869,37.66401,37.664113,37.664212,37.664369,37.664455,37.664643,37.664716,37.664783,37.664957,37.665137,37.665361,37.665451,37.665805,37.665931,37.66597,37.666074,37.6661,37.666189,37.666285,37.666421,37.66656,37.666596,37.666666,37.666766,37.666854,37.666881,37.666971,37.667061,37.667098,37.667288,37.667356,37.667414,37.667432,37.667475,37.667513,37.667545,37.667697,37.667815,37.667981,37.668239,37.668315,37.66836,37.668377,37.668378,37.668389,37.668419,37.668407,37.668369,37.668353,37.668361,37.668402,37.668427,37.668459,37.668539,37.668599,37.668632,37.668768,37.669388,37.669562,37.669597,37.669666,37.669772,37.669808,37.669984,37.670267,37.67108,37.671398,37.671997,37.672244,37.67263,37.6727,37.672735,37.67305,37.673916,37.674141,37.674148,37.674186,37.674191,37.674256,37.674376,37.674556,37.67479,37.675075,37.675205,37.675305,37.675412,37.675501,37.675594,37.675689,37.675785,37.675962,37.676183,37.676403,37.676577,37.677219,37.677433,37.677544,37.677658,37.677883,37.678056,37.678159,37.678446,37.678736,37.679027,37.679162,37.679331,37.679523,37.679823,37.680331,37.680491,37.680534,37.680621,37.681005,37.681236,37.681824,37.68212,37.682246,37.682301,37.682504,37.682729,37.682823,37.682883,37.682889,37.682872,37.682768,37.682746,37.682696,37.682515,37.682433,37.682356,37.682306,37.682147,37.68213,37.68207,37.682059,37.682064,37.682075,37.682097,37.682141,37.682207,37.68224,37.682267,37.682289,37.682295,37.682284,37.682245,37.68224,37.682256,37.682322,37.682377,37.682789,37.682827,37.682932,37.683014,37.683085,37.683267,37.683341,37.683344,37.683353,37.683362,37.683401,37.683451,37.683472,37.683523,37.683613,37.683738,37.683804,37.68394,37.684182,37.684392,37.684498,37.68464,37.684745,37.684848,37.684913,37.684943,37.684996,37.685112,37.685218,37.685277,37.68534,37.68536,37.685373,37.68541,37.685421,37.685433,37.68544,37.685533,37.685681,37.685745,37.685801,37.685838,37.685887,37.68595,37.686004,37.686096,37.686509,37.686602,37.686691,37.686915,37.687076,37.687132,37.687282,37.687325,37.687423,37.687613,37.687672,37.687725,37.687739,37.68776,37.687804,37.687837,37.687875,37.687897,37.687983,37.688105,37.688202,37.688336,37.688405,37.68844,37.688582,37.688668,37.688755,37.68886,37.688956,37.689228,37.689324,37.689377,37.689626,37.689713,37.689779,37.689847,37.689879,37.69002,37.690125,37.6903,37.690472,37.690538,37.690606,37.690838,37.691264,37.691529,37.691594,37.69186,37.692165,37.692303,37.692617,37.692758,37.692968,37.693039,37.693179,37.69342,37.693517,37.693579,37.693771,37.693848,37.693916,37.693975,37.694023,37.694046,37.694065,37.69407,37.694052,37.694046,37.694049,37.694058,37.694062,37.69407,37.694095,37.694108,37.694108,37.694116,37.694136,37.694178,37.694211,37.694363,37.694446,37.694646,37.694695,37.694722,37.694756,37.694811,37.694902,37.695101,37.695239,37.695344,37.695661,37.695696,37.695766,37.695871,37.696078,37.696282,37.696479,37.696667,37.696756,37.69681,37.696881,37.696947,37.697006,37.697057,37.69709,37.697148,37.697222,37.697298,37.697305,37.697325,37.697335,37.697432,37.697443,37.697468,37.697473,37.697475,37.69748,37.697493,37.69751,37.697571,37.697599,37.697594,37.697589,37.697562,37.697533,37.697502,37.697452,37.697322,37.697289,37.697263,37.697234,37.69722,37.697214,37.697208,37.697219,37.697251,37.697314,37.6974,37.697508,37.697606,37.697714,37.697854,37.697933,37.69799,37.698153,37.698178,37.698235,37.698476,37.698706,37.698841,37.698919,37.69911,37.699287,37.699385,37.699494,37.699527,37.699564,37.699698,37.699712,37.699752,37.699808,37.699921,37.700027,37.700213,37.700403,37.700558,37.70115,37.701271,37.701331,37.701587,37.701678,37.701772,37.701815,37.701932,37.701951,37.702186,37.702212,37.702221,37.70229,37.702395,37.702621,37.702736,37.702912,37.703064,37.703122,37.703236,37.70356,37.703643,37.703713,37.703738,37.703823,37.703999,37.704182,37.704274,37.704338,37.704367,37.704462,37.704703,37.705314,37.705544,37.705696,37.705782,37.705797,37.705807,37.705836,37.705867,37.70595,37.70604,37.706109,37.706151,37.706192,37.706201,37.706195,37.706185,37.70616,37.706109,37.705987,37.705931,37.70591,37.70577,37.705706,37.705663,37.705638,37.705616,37.705602,37.705582,37.705583,37.705578,37.705554,37.70553,37.70551,37.705446,37.705362,37.705229,37.705012,37.704783,37.704266,37.704082,37.704073,37.703828,37.703713,37.703334,37.703252,37.703207,37.703134,37.703096,37.703059,37.703038,37.703008,37.703,37.702973,37.702938,37.702923,37.70288,37.702857,37.702831,37.702809,37.702798,37.70278,37.702713,37.702593,37.702521,37.702375,37.702327,37.702159,37.701957,37.701875,37.701775,37.701551,37.701448,37.701309,37.701118,37.701005,37.700921,37.700895,37.700821,37.700258,37.699792,37.699597,37.699258,37.699236,37.699045,37.699003,37.698891,37.698848,37.698832,37.69881,37.69882,37.698823,37.698812,37.698785,37.698778,37.698731,37.69863,37.698619,37.698575,37.698549,37.698519,37.698526,37.698528,37.698524,37.698525,37.698539,37.69855,37.698584,37.698634,37.698692,37.69879,37.698893,37.698963,37.699279,37.700549,37.700725,37.701078,37.701148,37.70178,37.701919,37.701988,37.702053,37.702141,37.702218,37.702306,37.702384,37.702469,37.702569,37.702597,37.702752,37.70294,37.703239,37.703397,37.703474,37.703584,37.703917,37.70398,37.704351,37.704548,37.705117,37.705214,37.705359,37.705471,37.705617,37.705871,37.70605,37.706104,37.706198,37.706242,37.706302,37.706338,37.706486,37.706624,37.706639,37.706679,37.706698,37.706717,37.706729,37.706728,37.706717,37.706699,37.706617,37.706554,37.706539,37.706545,37.706692,37.70672,37.706741,37.706766,37.706777,37.706821,37.706876,37.706953,37.706982,37.707168,37.70727,37.707339,37.707516,37.707615,37.707682,37.707786,37.707926,37.708031,37.708134,37.708166,37.708224,37.708276,37.708403,37.708566,37.708643,37.708695,37.708702,37.708759,37.70892,37.708963,37.709036,37.709051,37.709053,37.709089,37.709094,37.709091,37.709073,37.70905,37.709091,37.709096,37.709094,37.709085,37.709068,37.708992,37.708856,37.70877,37.708701,37.708662,37.708546,37.708376,37.708225,37.708206,37.70814,37.708114,37.708003,37.707807,37.707696,37.707673,37.707642,37.70763,37.707617,37.707614,37.707616,37.707645,37.707704,37.707744,37.707795,37.707884,37.707918,37.708042,37.708174,37.7083,37.708476,37.708578,37.708626,37.708646,37.708693,37.708771,37.708816,37.708931,37.708972,37.708986,37.709029,37.709099,37.709182,37.709216,37.70924,37.709255,37.709296,37.709387,37.709409,37.709474,37.709498,37.709511,37.709567,37.709638,37.709807,37.709963,37.710122,37.710383,37.710453,37.710624,37.710765,37.710801,37.710867,37.710907,37.710951,37.711029,37.711078,37.711131,37.711153,37.711239,37.711301,37.711399,37.711501,37.711569,37.711675,37.711781,37.711887,37.711955,37.712086,37.71212,37.712152,37.712252,37.712286,37.712316,37.712349,37.712381,37.712413,37.712517,37.712586,37.712621,37.712691,37.712903,37.712971,37.713137,37.7132,37.713234,37.713297,37.713365,37.7135,37.713638,37.713709,37.713815,37.713918,37.714014,37.714106,37.714164,37.714466,37.714613,37.714669,37.714717,37.714777,37.714833,37.714934,37.715018,37.715112,37.715211,37.715287,37.715314,37.71533,37.715332,37.715306,37.715278,37.715238,37.715173,37.715081,37.714899,37.714854,37.714718,37.714676,37.714602,37.714538,37.714438,37.714286,37.714201,37.714076,37.714008,37.713886,37.713788,37.713752,37.713659,37.713649,37.71362,37.713533,37.713505,37.713468,37.713458,37.713407,37.713376,37.713343,37.713318,37.713288,37.713191,37.713163,37.71312,37.71301,37.71296,37.712753,37.712532,37.712506,37.712417,37.712399,37.712349,37.71233,37.712283,37.712229,37.712201,37.712191,37.712146,37.712106,37.711987,37.711928,37.711902,37.711833,37.711784,37.711713,37.711686,37.711647,37.711637,37.711637,37.711648,37.711657,37.711626,37.711625,37.711607,37.711605,37.71159,37.711586,37.71154,37.711511,37.711396,37.711333,37.711293,37.711085,37.71105,37.711041,37.711043,37.711052,37.711046,37.711057,37.711055,37.711068,37.711063,37.711075,37.711069,37.711082,37.711079,37.711088,37.711078,37.711084,37.711083,37.711074,37.711074,37.711067,37.711031,37.710951,37.710946,37.710914,37.710911,37.710892,37.71086,37.710826,37.710827,37.710816,37.710824,37.710834,37.710829,37.710849,37.710866,37.710869,37.710935,37.710947,37.71096,37.710971,37.710991,37.710997,37.711017,37.711028,37.711043,37.711083,37.711077,37.711092,37.711088,37.711092,37.711074,37.711042,37.710998,37.710987,37.710828,37.710763,37.710751,37.710708,37.710694,37.71069,37.710665,37.710648,37.710529,37.71047,37.710385,37.710322,37.710313,37.710307,37.71026,37.710162,37.710071,37.709991,37.709942,37.709901,37.709887,37.709871,37.709875,37.70987,37.709874,37.709881,37.709893,37.709977,37.71006,37.710173,37.710293,37.710372,37.710449,37.710539,37.710649,37.710742,37.710841,37.710943,37.711048,37.711155,37.711542,37.711683,37.711896,37.711966,37.712232,37.712424,37.712671,37.712914,37.712945,37.713127,37.713333,37.713583,37.713817,37.713908,37.713971,37.714059,37.714126,37.714136,37.714565,37.714443,37.714183,37.714169,37.714166,37.714163,37.71416,37.71406,37.714043,37.713972,37.713968,37.713966,37.713943,37.713443,37.713043,37.712743,37.712343,37.712143,37.711843,37.711343,37.711043,37.710743,37.710443,37.710043,37.709892,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709945,37.709974,37.710003,37.710067,37.710131,37.710143,37.710445,37.710463,37.710466,37.710536,37.710543,37.710609,37.710616,37.710622,37.710643,37.710443,37.710243,37.710112,37.709943,37.709743,37.709243,37.709243,37.709143,37.708743,37.708325,37.708288,37.708252,37.707843,37.707044,37.706144,37.705444,37.704644,37.704617,37.703744,37.702944,37.701844,37.700444,37.699444,37.698244,37.69791,37.697544,37.697378,37.695526,37.694494,37.693791,37.6925,37.692483,37.691659,37.691644,37.691636,37.691628,37.691615,37.691608,37.691606,37.691602,37.691595,37.691544,37.691444,37.691424,37.691417,37.691409,37.691395,37.691344,37.691263,37.691262,37.69126,37.691254,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691294,37.690944,37.69068,37.69063,37.690542,37.690509,37.690508,37.690488,37.690444,37.69044,37.690428,37.690427,37.690423,37.690411,37.690362,37.690324,37.690313,37.690308,37.690315,37.69033,37.690337,37.690547,37.690648,37.690745,37.690842,37.690643,37.690495,37.686074,37.683747,37.680332,37.680313,37.678703,37.678246,37.678235,37.678209,37.678197,37.678109,37.676306,37.671166,37.671135,37.664542,37.664177,37.664154,37.663238,37.66261,37.662532,37.662518,37.662492,37.661344,37.661118,37.661007,37.659459,37.659428,37.659388,37.659323,37.6593,37.654073,37.654048,37.650574,37.646569,37.644284,37.641579,37.640893,37.63768,37.637217,37.635546,37.634546,37.634122,37.630681,37.627905,37.627858,37.627737,37.627703,37.626794,37.625146,37.62275,37.622724,37.620844,37.619426,37.615223,37.615022,37.610344,37.608572,37.607371,37.60517,37.604926,37.602247,37.599735,37.599718,37.595982,37.595932,37.59591,37.595776,37.595591,37.595573,37.59547,37.595415,37.595395,37.595375,37.595356,37.595187,37.595163,37.59423,37.594057,37.590951,37.583697,37.5788,37.573248,37.571524,37.571496,37.571316,37.571297,37.571244,37.570994,37.570398,37.57032,37.57009,37.570061,37.568149,37.56759,37.563517,37.563618,37.563739,37.563867,37.564072,37.564131,37.564269,37.564385,37.56448,37.564548,37.564612,37.564681,37.564714,37.564733,37.56474,37.564722,37.564702,37.564705,37.564724,37.564756,37.564838,37.564873,37.564958,37.565088,37.565157,37.565256,37.56539,37.565637,37.565896,37.566279,37.566563,37.566848,37.567384,37.568522,37.568687,37.569794,37.569864,37.570083,37.570312,37.570487,37.570661,37.570703,37.570822,37.570907,37.570991,37.571046,37.57108,37.571111,37.571127,37.57113,37.571121,37.571098,37.571061,37.571009,37.570793,37.570737,37.570673,37.57064,37.570624,37.570621,37.570627,37.570651,37.570686,37.570746,37.571013,37.571033,37.571215,37.571307,37.571432,37.571488,37.571559,37.571644,37.57217,37.572378,37.572524,37.57265,37.572943,37.573054,37.573249,37.573456,37.573676,37.574045,37.574227,37.574404,37.575173,37.575336,37.575529,37.57571,37.575773,37.575882,37.575919,37.575937,37.575943,37.575949,37.575966,37.576007,37.576415,37.576543,37.576656,37.576903,37.576922,37.576934,37.576928,37.576907,37.576435,37.576121,37.576096,37.57609,37.576086,37.576098,37.576114,37.576148,37.576195,37.57685,37.577665,37.578019,37.578237,37.578442,37.578487,37.578523,37.578538,37.578539,37.578526,37.578423,37.5784,37.578375,37.578363,37.578366,37.578379,37.578487,37.578654,37.578762,37.578898,37.578949,37.578986,37.579019,37.579151,37.579148,37.579153,37.579172,37.579205,37.579251,37.579804,37.579869,37.579919,37.579955,37.580075,37.580099,37.580125,37.58016,37.580208,37.580264,37.580342,37.58043,37.580506,37.581008,37.581214,37.581374,37.581493,37.58154,37.581643,37.581763,37.582263,37.582381,37.582486,37.582591,37.582648,37.582696,37.582737,37.582782,37.582805,37.582899,37.582939,37.582993,37.583046,37.583059,37.583147,37.583294,37.583435,37.58347,37.583549,37.583628,37.583672,37.583713,37.583832,37.583863,37.583897,37.583896,37.583887,37.583863,37.583799,37.583479,37.583172,37.5831,37.583052,37.583004,37.58297,37.582949,37.582947,37.582952,37.582972,37.583014,37.58302,37.583045,37.583098,37.58314,37.583197,37.583267,37.583519,37.583822,37.584194,37.584342,37.584539,37.585005,37.585506,37.585865,37.586329,37.586535,37.587184,37.588219,37.588268,37.588815,37.589786,37.590261,37.590392,37.590533,37.589993,37.589893,37.589688,37.588425,37.587521,37.587106,37.586822,37.586618,37.586448,37.586277,37.586134,37.585915,37.585497,37.585375,37.585242,37.585819,37.586724,37.587133,37.587426,37.587498,37.587561,37.587672,37.587843,37.588032,37.588181,37.588322,37.588507,37.588604,37.588719,37.588842,37.588976,37.589075,37.589166,37.589237,37.58926,37.589332,37.589476,37.589634,37.589711,37.589767,37.589802,37.589904,37.590114,37.590622,37.590809,37.59123,37.591357,37.591506,37.591936,37.592025,37.592103,37.592262,37.59242,37.592586,37.592718,37.592853,37.593025,37.593202,37.593273,37.593812,37.594522,37.594677,37.594871,37.595065,37.595086,37.595223,37.595324,37.595616,37.595751,37.595852,37.595973,37.596083,37.596338,37.596525,37.596847,37.596884,37.596928,37.597045,37.597156,37.597305,37.597463,37.59763,37.597925,37.598349,37.598652,37.598825,37.598988,37.59911,37.599205,37.599312,37.599425,37.599556,37.59965,37.599723,37.599827,37.599977,37.600041,37.600132,37.600235,37.600393,37.600549,37.600597,37.600725,37.600863,37.60097,37.601082,37.601209,37.601255,37.601373,37.60145,37.601523,37.601648,37.601694,37.602022,37.602233,37.602416,37.602469,37.602485,37.60254,37.602611,37.602682,37.602796,37.602789,37.602798,37.60287,37.60296,37.603053,37.603154,37.603251,37.603347,37.603416,37.603494,37.603539,37.603668,37.603809,37.603906,37.604014,37.60413,37.604273,37.604544,37.604773,37.604976,37.60523,37.605533,37.606009,37.606198,37.606406,37.606516,37.606618,37.606872,37.606981,37.607057,37.607175,37.607274,37.607342,37.607536,37.607801,37.6079,37.608076,37.608212,37.608418,37.608572,37.608725,37.608907,37.609151,37.609411,37.609545,37.609707,37.609986,37.610229,37.610306,37.610333,37.61036,37.610427,37.610481,37.610612,37.610628,37.610676,37.610737,37.610746,37.610741,37.610729,37.61072,37.610687,37.610642,37.610573,37.610487,37.610426,37.61032,37.610197,37.610046,37.609979,37.609926,37.609916,37.609911,37.609921,37.609946,37.609986,37.610039,37.610162,37.610333,37.610413,37.610447,37.610464,37.610472,37.61047,37.610427,37.610373,37.61036,37.61033,37.610267,37.610226,37.610194,37.610094,37.610072,37.610028,37.609991,37.609974,37.609966,37.609954,37.609927,37.609894,37.609832,37.609756,37.60969,37.609572,37.609446,37.609094,37.608974,37.608883,37.608693,37.608589,37.608512,37.608476,37.608461,37.608455,37.608466,37.60849,37.608519,37.608569,37.608643,37.608718,37.608904,37.609215,37.609253,37.609292,37.609303,37.609303,37.609288,37.609251,37.609212,37.608765,37.608601,37.60825,37.608094,37.60793,37.607828,37.607711,37.607635,37.607605,37.607553,37.607499,37.607354,37.607192,37.607135,37.607125,37.60712,37.60713,37.607191,37.607232,37.607256,37.607298,37.607369,37.607492,37.607626,37.608087,37.608155,37.608316,37.608541,37.608564,37.608614,37.608648,37.608687,37.608706,37.608727,37.608789,37.608792,37.608777,37.608747,37.608722,37.608703,37.608689,37.608688,37.608702,37.608747,37.608764,37.60876,37.60875,37.608731,37.608683,37.608678,37.608691,37.608826,37.608902,37.60896,37.609138,37.609247,37.609539,37.609708,37.610089,37.610335,37.610438,37.610912,37.610975,37.611107,37.611166,37.611251,37.611302,37.611376,37.611487,37.611594,37.611785,37.611888,37.612015,37.612284,37.61305,37.614151,37.614975,37.615583,37.615677,37.615902,37.616066,37.61622,37.616303,37.616549,37.616728,37.616908,37.617196,37.617426,37.617626,37.617822,37.618003,37.618176,37.618316,37.618506,37.618652,37.618723,37.619113,37.619134,37.61919,37.619275,37.619345,37.619485,37.61962,37.619646,37.619667,37.619679,37.619679,37.619667,37.619669,37.619683,37.619709,37.61974,37.61981,37.619845,37.61988,37.619986,37.620019,37.620237,37.620302,37.620403,37.620507,37.620612,37.620717,37.620752,37.620961,37.621134,37.621341,37.621614,37.621811,37.622032,37.622098,37.622382,37.622657,37.62272,37.622842,37.623029,37.623124,37.62319,37.623315,37.62338,37.623572,37.623638,37.623797,37.623859,37.623893,37.623988,37.624327,37.624539,37.625051,37.625106,37.625155,37.62532,37.625449,37.625542,37.625687,37.625766,37.626012,37.626109,37.626155,37.626231,37.62626,37.62631,37.626397,37.62652,37.626584,37.626721,37.626897]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.833358,-78.833341,-78.833179,-78.833173,-78.833096,-78.832948,-78.832839,-78.832439,-78.83074,-78.829284,-78.82914,-78.829076,-78.828802,-78.828528,-78.828073,-78.827975,-78.82794,-78.827763,-78.827402,-78.82704,-78.82624,-78.824336,-78.823839,-78.822341,-78.820741,-78.820109,-78.819191,-78.819069,-78.818934,-78.818692,-78.818541,-78.816955,-78.816935,-78.81689,-78.81687,-78.816852,-78.816433,-78.816335,-78.816032,-78.815876,-78.81576,-78.815738,-78.815142,-78.814042,-78.812976,-78.812566,-78.812516,-78.81244,-78.811042,-78.81045,-78.810444,-78.809943,-78.809943,-78.810043,-78.810143,-78.810443,-78.810943,-78.811468,-78.811544,-78.812044,-78.812195,-78.812718,-78.813244,-78.813644,-78.814444,-78.815044,-78.815544,-78.816344,-78.816744,-78.817345,-78.817413,-78.817745,-78.818345,-78.818545,-78.818984,-78.819051,-78.819063,-78.819384,-78.819642,-78.820802,-78.821374,-78.821583,-78.821654,-78.821939,-78.821953,-78.82214,-78.822161,-78.82244,-78.82284,-78.82324,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.824028,-78.82394,-78.823804,-78.823786,-78.823768,-78.82374,-78.82324,-78.822595,-78.82254,-78.82124,-78.81864,-78.817859,-78.81554,-78.814346,-78.81314,-78.811813,-78.811333,-78.81124,-78.811137,-78.80934,-78.80644,-78.806321,-78.806197,-78.806073,-78.804756,-78.803439,-78.803208,-78.803148,-78.803096,-78.803067,-78.800539,-78.79993,-78.798938,-78.797946,-78.797839,-78.79753,-78.797428,-78.797327,-78.796133,-78.794939,-78.794796,-78.794654,-78.792996,-78.791339,-78.788128,-78.78612,-78.785388,-78.785341,-78.784513,-78.782906,-78.781469,-78.781395,-78.781375,-78.780946,-78.780479,-78.780451,-78.780228,-78.780107,-78.778609,-78.778441,-78.776939,-78.776631,-78.775739,-78.773172,-78.772935,-78.7723,-78.772252,-78.771783,-78.771314,-78.771228,-78.770432,-78.769232,-78.769066,-78.768681,-78.766708,-78.766614,-78.766514,-78.764838,-78.761238,-78.759813,-78.758387,-78.758312,-78.758238,-78.758092,-78.757947,-78.755738,-78.755518,-78.753734,-78.751951,-78.751794,-78.751638,-78.750038,-78.749738,-78.749638,-78.749438,-78.749238,-78.748938,-78.748738,-78.748538,-78.748038,-78.747638,-78.747038,-78.746638,-78.745937,-78.745637,-78.745112,-78.745056,-78.744937,-78.74487,-78.744854,-78.744769,-78.744435,-78.743937,-78.743834,-78.743818,-78.743805,-78.743758,-78.743581,-78.743137,-78.743054,-78.74304,-78.743026,-78.74299,-78.742537,-78.7418,-78.741737,-78.741187,-78.741137,-78.740637,-78.739937,-78.739437,-78.738737,-78.738137,-78.737563,-78.737237,-78.736837,-78.736237,-78.735636,-78.735537,-78.734037,-78.733434,-78.733363,-78.732937,-78.732537,-78.732337,-78.732003,-78.731966,-78.731837,-78.73154,-78.731476,-78.731444,-78.731426,-78.731407,-78.731392,-78.731037,-78.730917,-78.730537,-78.729932,-78.729914,-78.729862,-78.729637,-78.729037,-78.728337,-78.727837,-78.727037,-78.726504,-78.726344,-78.726306,-78.726294,-78.726237,-78.725537,-78.725444,-78.725401,-78.725345,-78.725249,-78.725034,-78.724137,-78.723437,-78.723286,-78.723211,-78.723186,-78.723158,-78.723136,-78.722535,-78.722281,-78.722258,-78.722235,-78.721985,-78.721835,-78.721735,-78.721664,-78.721506,-78.721436,-78.721236,-78.721037,-78.720987,-78.720936,-78.720821,-78.720436,-78.720235,-78.720136,-78.719636,-78.719544,-78.719532,-78.71929,-78.719279,-78.719074,-78.718903,-78.718428,-78.718079,-78.717939,-78.717878,-78.717795,-78.717702,-78.71758,-78.717472,-78.716363,-78.716107,-78.71572,-78.715652,-78.715401,-78.715149,-78.714768,-78.714432,-78.714043,-78.713402,-78.713237,-78.713065,-78.712888,-78.712792,-78.712701,-78.712618,-78.712534,-78.71249,-78.712447,-78.712421,-78.712372,-78.712312,-78.712319,-78.712344,-78.712504,-78.712738,-78.713037,-78.713249,-78.713267,-78.713283,-78.713282,-78.713262,-78.713207,-78.713134,-78.713046,-78.712436,-78.712353,-78.712285,-78.712233,-78.712162,-78.712045,-78.711983,-78.71189,-78.71178,-78.711301,-78.711203,-78.711121,-78.710925,-78.710846,-78.710779,-78.710683,-78.710407,-78.710082,-78.709964,-78.709841,-78.709756,-78.709649,-78.709303,-78.709244,-78.709131,-78.708881,-78.708487,-78.708376,-78.708319,-78.708263,-78.708217,-78.708101,-78.708058,-78.707991,-78.707949,-78.70789,-78.707832,-78.707726,-78.707688,-78.707582,-78.707464,-78.707207,-78.706943,-78.706645,-78.706515,-78.706393,-78.706282,-78.706183,-78.706114,-78.706042,-78.705987,-78.705859,-78.705753,-78.705669,-78.7056,-78.705523,-78.705382,-78.705226,-78.705139,-78.704909,-78.704819,-78.704704,-78.704577,-78.704439,-78.704294,-78.704144,-78.70402,-78.703807,-78.70337,-78.702898,-78.702724,-78.702552,-78.702131,-78.701752,-78.70164,-78.701528,-78.70134,-78.701166,-78.700885,-78.700329,-78.700205,-78.700082,-78.699889,-78.699752,-78.698622,-78.698427,-78.698068,-78.697983,-78.697815,-78.697764,-78.697717,-78.697626,-78.697585,-78.697423,-78.697388,-78.697371,-78.697372,-78.697381,-78.697388,-78.697455,-78.69749,-78.69755,-78.697578,-78.697903,-78.697919,-78.697949,-78.697968,-78.697963,-78.69794,-78.697862,-78.697766,-78.697676,-78.697573,-78.697452,-78.697255,-78.696966,-78.696884,-78.696696,-78.696534,-78.696318,-78.696175,-78.696009,-78.695844,-78.695382,-78.694929,-78.69455,-78.693765,-78.693014,-78.692673,-78.692417,-78.692174,-78.691734,-78.69139,-78.691171,-78.690873,-78.69062,-78.690021,-78.68954,-78.689044,-78.688135,-78.687861,-78.687673,-78.6874,-78.68722,-78.686914,-78.686662,-78.686028,-78.685594,-78.685017,-78.684116,-78.68357,-78.683349,-78.68275,-78.680873,-78.679895,-78.679463,-78.679025,-78.678649,-78.678192,-78.677768,-78.677428,-78.677087,-78.676831,-78.676556,-78.676213,-78.675535,-78.6752,-78.674757,-78.674459,-78.674115,-78.673853,-78.67354,-78.673063,-78.672827,-78.672403,-78.671836,-78.671386,-78.670511,-78.670072,-78.669781,-78.669344,-78.668943,-78.668268,-78.667913,-78.667625,-78.666557,-78.666207,-78.665695,-78.665581,-78.665325,-78.664895,-78.664716,-78.664625,-78.6645,-78.664333,-78.664089,-78.663856,-78.663606,-78.663267,-78.661947,-78.661238,-78.659424,-78.658926,-78.65862,-78.657967,-78.657719,-78.657202,-78.656014,-78.654869,-78.653723,-78.652497,-78.651751,-78.650532,-78.649924,-78.649497,-78.649236,-78.648906,-78.648771,-78.648282,-78.647827,-78.647207,-78.646782,-78.646591,-78.646344,-78.646191,-78.645855,-78.645525,-78.645199,-78.644839,-78.644544,-78.643727,-78.643281,-78.642968,-78.642601,-78.642256,-78.642221,-78.641925,-78.641668,-78.641341,-78.640769,-78.639317,-78.638997,-78.638669,-78.638334,-78.637882,-78.637309,-78.637151,-78.636936,-78.636748,-78.636458,-78.636313,-78.636217,-78.635488,-78.635104,-78.634875,-78.634761,-78.634558,-78.63438,-78.634193,-78.634046,-78.633908,-78.63383,-78.633647,-78.633543,-78.633496,-78.633464,-78.633416,-78.633389,-78.63338,-78.633387,-78.633415,-78.633513,-78.633558,-78.633563,-78.633549,-78.633517,-78.633429,-78.633144,-78.633068,-78.633035,-78.633007,-78.633017,-78.633003,-78.632971,-78.632943,-78.632891,-78.63283,-78.632741,-78.632458,-78.632167,-78.631834,-78.631624,-78.631358,-78.630922,-78.630465,-78.63021,-78.629852,-78.629464,-78.629111,-78.628858,-78.628272,-78.626992,-78.625949,-78.62535,-78.624827,-78.624391,-78.623792,-78.623146,-78.622179,-78.621981,-78.621785,-78.621707,-78.621253,-78.621129,-78.621025,-78.620483,-78.620024,-78.619755,-78.619484,-78.61938,-78.616935,-78.616257,-78.615553,-78.614202,-78.61309,-78.612533,-78.612095,-78.611929,-78.611825,-78.611008,-78.610443,-78.610129,-78.609787,-78.609609,-78.609463,-78.60928,-78.609058,-78.608886,-78.608445,-78.607362,-78.607257,-78.606254,-78.60611,-78.605391,-78.603833,-78.603119,-78.602732,-78.601519,-78.601124,-78.601304,-78.601377,-78.60142,-78.601439,-78.601555,-78.601649,-78.601717,-78.601715,-78.601706,-78.601647,-78.601565,-78.601518,-78.601516,-78.601525,-78.601561,-78.601615,-78.601645,-78.601743,-78.601817,-78.601847,-78.601865,-78.601864,-78.601845,-78.601768,-78.601753,-78.601686,-78.601499,-78.601393,-78.60127,-78.601166,-78.601024,-78.600867,-78.600421,-78.599848,-78.599481,-78.598931,-78.598681,-78.598306,-78.598079,-78.597678,-78.597416,-78.597125,-78.596593,-78.5965,-78.596462,-78.596427,-78.59639,-78.596359,-78.596347,-78.596355,-78.596363,-78.596373,-78.596375,-78.5964,-78.596404,-78.596388,-78.59635,-78.596294,-78.596236,-78.596087,-78.59592,-78.595431,-78.594681,-78.59447,-78.593972,-78.593682,-78.593247,-78.593039,-78.59264,-78.592258,-78.591457,-78.59094,-78.589586,-78.589222,-78.589109,-78.588972,-78.588934,-78.588889,-78.588869,-78.588842,-78.588718,-78.588727,-78.588746,-78.588786,-78.58883,-78.589043,-78.588939,-78.588698,-78.588408,-78.588227,-78.588089,-78.588006,-78.587815,-78.587737,-78.587578,-78.586936,-78.586757,-78.586309,-78.585874,-78.585763,-78.585674,-78.585432,-78.584307,-78.583195,-78.582663,-78.582553,-78.582408,-78.582325,-78.582187,-78.581959,-78.581696,-78.581627,-78.581475,-78.581268,-78.581068,-78.580833,-78.580571,-78.580364,-78.57988,-78.579418,-78.579114,-78.578983,-78.57852,-78.578085,-78.578016,-78.57763,-78.57754,-78.577374,-78.577243,-78.577001,-78.57658,-78.576557,-78.576539,-78.576408,-78.576214,-78.575779,-78.575683,-78.575275,-78.575199,-78.574737,-78.574606,-78.574419,-78.574226,-78.574102,-78.573957,-78.573853,-78.573494,-78.573425,-78.573246,-78.572721,-78.572486,-78.571727,-78.571471,-78.571299,-78.571202,-78.571098,-78.570995,-78.570732,-78.57047,-78.570366,-78.570228,-78.570199,-78.570118,-78.570049,-78.569849,-78.569545,-78.569255,-78.568723,-78.568523,-78.568337,-78.568205,-78.568088,-78.567984,-78.567964,-78.567971,-78.567991,-78.568026,-78.568178,-78.568316,-78.568751,-78.568792,-78.568799,-78.568792,-78.568661,-78.568668,-78.568751,-78.568854,-78.568923,-78.568896,-78.568896,-78.56891,-78.569075,-78.569144,-78.569199,-78.569213,-78.569275,-78.569296,-78.569386,-78.569393,-78.569365,-78.569275,-78.569206,-78.569144,-78.568985,-78.568909,-78.568847,-78.568806,-78.568647,-78.568474,-78.568295,-78.567957,-78.56737,-78.567266,-78.567142,-78.567087,-78.5669,-78.566818,-78.566728,-78.566583,-78.566341,-78.566265,-78.566175,-78.565706,-78.565533,-78.565444,-78.565388,-78.565292,-78.565161,-78.565009,-78.564788,-78.564698,-78.564567,-78.564422,-78.564318,-78.564077,-78.563759,-78.563601,-78.563304,-78.563221,-78.56291,-78.562703,-78.562544,-78.562406,-78.562365,-78.56231,-78.562254,-78.562123,-78.562068,-78.562013,-78.561958,-78.561861,-78.561661,-78.561619,-78.561592,-78.561578,-78.561578,-78.561633,-78.56164,-78.561619,-78.561578,-78.561392,-78.561302,-78.56126,-78.561088,-78.561026,-78.56097,-78.560894,-78.56086,-78.560694,-78.56066,-78.560487,-78.56037,-78.560059,-78.55961,-78.558492,-78.558168,-78.558071,-78.557974,-78.557153,-78.556759,-78.556511,-78.556186,-78.555862,-78.555814,-78.555772,-78.555627,-78.555572,-78.555468,-78.555386,-78.555323,-78.555241,-78.555199,-78.555171,-78.555144,-78.555075,-78.55504,-78.554985,-78.554887,-78.554391,-78.554136,-78.553977,-78.553919,-78.553874,-78.553763,-78.553687,-78.553487,-78.553349,-78.553176,-78.552983,-78.552838,-78.55279,-78.552624,-78.552555,-78.552465,-78.552396,-78.552334,-78.552286,-78.552237,-78.552182,-78.552134,-78.552086,-78.552037,-78.551934,-78.551782,-78.551692,-78.551589,-78.551326,-78.551174,-78.550933,-78.550139,-78.550028,-78.549807,-78.54949,-78.549262,-78.548786,-78.548654,-78.548627,-78.548606,-78.548592,-78.548613,-78.548571,-78.548585,-78.548909,-78.548958,-78.54904,-78.549116,-78.54913,-78.54913,-78.549102,-78.549061,-78.548964,-78.548909,-78.548833,-78.548633,-78.548426,-78.548253,-78.547963,-78.547583,-78.547321,-78.546983,-78.546872,-78.546389,-78.546334,-78.546251,-78.546064,-78.54585,-78.54563,-78.54536,-78.545174,-78.544807,-78.544049,-78.543904,-78.543717,-78.543303,-78.543006,-78.542571,-78.542192,-78.542005,-78.541011,-78.540673,-78.540521,-78.540335,-78.540148,-78.539941,-78.539803,-78.539638,-78.539534,-78.539417,-78.539341,-78.539286,-78.539051,-78.538982,-78.538775,-78.53872,-78.538678,-78.538499,-78.53843,-78.538326,-78.538257,-78.537995,-78.537981,-78.537981,-78.538022,-78.538085,-78.538085,-78.538009,-78.537947,-78.537761,-78.53736,-78.537153,-78.536939,-78.536877,-78.536615,-78.536518,-78.536477,-78.536318,-78.536277,-78.536104,-78.536001,-78.535849,-78.535573,-78.53547,-78.535125,-78.534924,-78.534717,-78.534524,-78.534379,-78.534096,-78.533785,-78.533164,-78.532625,-78.531714,-78.531431,-78.531058,-78.530692,-78.53054,-78.530443,-78.530166,-78.529897,-78.5298,-78.529772,-78.529669,-78.529565,-78.529434,-78.529365,-78.529261,-78.529171,-78.529109,-78.52884,-78.528094,-78.527811,-78.527694,-78.527611,-78.527411,-78.527349,-78.527259,-78.527149,-78.527004,-78.52669,-78.526624,-78.526507,-78.526424,-78.52632,-78.526237,-78.526072,-78.526003,-78.525899,-78.525803,-78.525713,-78.525541,-78.525375,-78.52532,-78.525264,-78.525209,-78.525181,-78.525147,-78.525085,-78.525016,-78.524774,-78.524657,-78.524512,-78.524194,-78.523787,-78.523766,-78.523752,-78.523725,-78.523649,-78.52358,-78.523531,-78.523497,-78.523387,-78.523325,-78.523263,-78.523076,-78.522959,-78.522869,-78.52276,-78.522644,-78.52256,-78.522535,-78.522398,-78.522292,-78.522192,-78.522115,-78.522074,-78.521985,-78.521894,-78.521849,-78.521758,-78.521713,-78.521584,-78.521086,-78.520917,-78.520829,-78.520739,-78.520693,-78.520604,-78.520562,-78.520484,-78.52042,-78.520302,-78.52026,-78.520214,-78.520169,-78.520079,-78.520035,-78.519953,-78.51991,-78.519818,-78.519688,-78.519576,-78.519272,-78.519111,-78.518934,-78.518821,-78.518713,-78.51849,-78.518391,-78.518329,-78.518165,-78.517989,-78.517933,-78.51786,-78.517125,-78.517075,-78.517019,-78.516791,-78.516737,-78.516642,-78.516584,-78.516566,-78.516537,-78.516465,-78.51631,-78.51626,-78.516218,-78.516193,-78.516106,-78.516054,-78.515962,-78.515833,-78.515801,-78.51575,-78.515692,-78.515609,-78.515516,-78.515399,-78.51514,-78.514915,-78.51487,-78.51478,-78.514691,-78.514601,-78.514512,-78.51447,-78.514344,-78.514285,-78.514141,-78.514126,-78.514047,-78.514019,-78.514,-78.51389,-78.513709,-78.513587,-78.513513,-78.513366,-78.513172,-78.513136,-78.513115,-78.513078,-78.513076,-78.513063,-78.51302,-78.512922,-78.51291,-78.512883,-78.512851,-78.512685,-78.512649,-78.512593,-78.512351,-78.512306,-78.511823,-78.511629,-78.511606,-78.511507,-78.511253,-78.511019,-78.510665,-78.510477,-78.510281,-78.510198,-78.510158,-78.510074,-78.509985,-78.50994,-78.509817,-78.509783,-78.509759,-78.509704,-78.509686,-78.509639,-78.509593,-78.509556,-78.509547,-78.509507,-78.509502,-78.509462,-78.50942,-78.509386,-78.509376,-78.509339,-78.509283,-78.509168,-78.509099,-78.50873,-78.5084,-78.50811,-78.507944,-78.507883,-78.507748,-78.507711,-78.507474,-78.506983,-78.506625,-78.50633,-78.50612,-78.506022,-78.505992,-78.505795,-78.505693,-78.50547,-78.505305,-78.505219,-78.505082,-78.504994,-78.504914,-78.504842,-78.50454,-78.504434,-78.504319,-78.504113,-78.503771,-78.50355,-78.50324,-78.503104,-78.502877,-78.502471,-78.502295,-78.502208,-78.502126,-78.502008,-78.501817,-78.501631,-78.501514,-78.501432,-78.501302,-78.501257,-78.501121,-78.501032,-78.500951,-78.500873,-78.500806,-78.500714,-78.500635,-78.500582,-78.50056,-78.500547,-78.500539,-78.500547,-78.500555,-78.500559,-78.500551,-78.500493,-78.500441,-78.500392,-78.500375,-78.500372,-78.500377,-78.500369,-78.500373,-78.50037,-78.500376,-78.500383,-78.500382,-78.500393,-78.50039,-78.50041,-78.500418,-78.500427,-78.500434,-78.50043,-78.500448,-78.50045,-78.500458,-78.500418,-78.500418,-78.500424,-78.500526,-78.500527,-78.500546,-78.500722,-78.500749,-78.500753,-78.500743,-78.500722,-78.500504,-78.500467,-78.500388,-78.50037,-78.500284,-78.50021,-78.500042,-78.499953,-78.499726,-78.499555,-78.499474,-78.499295,-78.498431,-78.498158,-78.497886,-78.497616,-78.497437,-78.497131,-78.497003,-78.496643,-78.496526,-78.496268,-78.496228,-78.496184,-78.496095,-78.496004,-78.495871,-78.495654,-78.495473,-78.495383,-78.495339,-78.495221,-78.495123,-78.495021,-78.494653,-78.494535,-78.494367,-78.49421,-78.493654,-78.493275,-78.493027,-78.49291,-78.492456,-78.492086,-78.491674,-78.491363,-78.491135,-78.490816,-78.490402,-78.489933,-78.489592,-78.489041,-78.48896,-78.488607,-78.488465,-78.488372,-78.48829,-78.488162,-78.487892,-78.487836,-78.487737,-78.487665,-78.487587,-78.487463,-78.487333,-78.487245,-78.487155,-78.487111,-78.486486,-78.486259,-78.486168,-78.486078,-78.48595,-78.485836,-78.485739,-78.485635,-78.485578,-78.485522,-78.485501,-78.485127,-78.485054,-78.484915,-78.484753,-78.484653,-78.484549,-78.48446,-78.484382,-78.484324,-78.484292,-78.484271,-78.48428,-78.484307,-78.484369,-78.484397,-78.484461,-78.484549,-78.484695,-78.484758,-78.485218,-78.485861,-78.486713,-78.487297,-78.487505,-78.48764,-78.488069,-78.488523,-78.489024,-78.48949,-78.489783,-78.491029,-78.491242,-78.491991,-78.492475,-78.492653,-78.492803,-78.492975,-78.493099,-78.493123,-78.493326,-78.493629,-78.49374,-78.494044,-78.49438,-78.494596,-78.494702,-78.494919,-78.494957,-78.495155,-78.495253,-78.495326,-78.495413,-78.495745,-78.495888,-78.496656,-78.496894,-78.497021,-78.497234,-78.497355,-78.497531,-78.4981,-78.498959,-78.499158,-78.499397,-78.499477,-78.499798,-78.499895,-78.500015,-78.500112,-78.500245,-78.500526,-78.500754,-78.50082,-78.500849,-78.500867,-78.500869,-78.500833,-78.500806,-78.500756,-78.500738,-78.500654,-78.500577,-78.50044,-78.500336,-78.499754,-78.499639,-78.49903,-78.498268,-78.497766,-78.497712,-78.497549,-78.496688,-78.496113,-78.496035,-78.495099,-78.495028,-78.494736,-78.494654,-78.494343,-78.493658,-78.493467,-78.493345,-78.493177,-78.492914,-78.492726,-78.492527,-78.492326,-78.49214,-78.492061,-78.492041,-78.491943,-78.490872,-78.490602,-78.490451,-78.49028,-78.489497,-78.489293,-78.489213,-78.488965,-78.488927,-78.488775,-78.488663,-78.488475,-78.487955,-78.487736,-78.48751,-78.486935,-78.486629,-78.486362,-78.485805,-78.485596,-78.48504,-78.484607,-78.484228,-78.483878,-78.48384,-78.483726,-78.483588,-78.482874,-78.482634,-78.482537,-78.482389,-78.482245,-78.482091,-78.481881,-78.481654,-78.481463,-78.481248,-78.48109,-78.480541,-78.480018,-78.479667,-78.478161,-78.476456,-78.476208,-78.47596,-78.475546,-78.475436,-78.475283,-78.474944,-78.474712,-78.474477,-78.474354,-78.474237,-78.474005,-78.474183,-78.474613,-78.475174,-78.47597,-78.477531,-78.477798,-78.47875,-78.479083,-78.479536,-78.479926,-78.480122,-78.481041,-78.481746,-78.482034,-78.482127,-78.482442,-78.48286,-78.48313,-78.483409,-78.483875,-78.484616,-78.484867,-78.485062,-78.485585,-78.48692,-78.48744,-78.487895,-78.488358,-78.488628,-78.489014,-78.489188,-78.489526,-78.489567,-78.489845,-78.490106,-78.490281,-78.49053,-78.490672,-78.491043,-78.491518,-78.491829,-78.491936,-78.492012,-78.492072,-78.492162,-78.492205,-78.492298,-78.49238,-78.492418,-78.492453,-78.492463,-78.492458,-78.492347,-78.4923,-78.492263,-78.492257,-78.49227,-78.492274,-78.492326,-78.492379,-78.492491,-78.492648,-78.492745,-78.493034,-78.493236,-78.493486,-78.493857,-78.494017,-78.494271,-78.494387,-78.49452,-78.494598,-78.494658,-78.49477,-78.494825,-78.494854,-78.494857,-78.494858,-78.494815,-78.494755,-78.494703,-78.494645,-78.494533,-78.49438,-78.494207,-78.49352,-78.492117,-78.491599,-78.491384,-78.489729,-78.489649,-78.489461,-78.489258,-78.489085,-78.488855,-78.488712,-78.488464,-78.488203,-78.487899,-78.487822,-78.487523,-78.48722,-78.486906,-78.486457,-78.485511,-78.484799,-78.48419,-78.483898,-78.483598,-78.483291,-78.482979,-78.48257,-78.481914,-78.481417,-78.481188,-78.480905,-78.480627,-78.480356,-78.480099,-78.479877,-78.479664,-78.479501,-78.479307,-78.479125,-78.478988,-78.47886,-78.478741,-78.478631,-78.478505,-78.478369,-78.478272,-78.478224,-78.478141,-78.478091,-78.478058,-78.478026,-78.477923,-78.477889,-78.477837,-78.477767,-78.477693,-78.477585,-78.47746,-78.477318,-78.47719,-78.476727,-78.47624,-78.476141,-78.476017,-78.475878,-78.475755,-78.47563,-78.475561,-78.47549,-78.475437,-78.475403,-78.475383,-78.475379,-78.475353,-78.475326,-78.475301,-78.475283,-78.475251,-78.475237,-78.475187,-78.475119,-78.475034,-78.474933,-78.474815,-78.474652,-78.47453,-78.473452,-78.47338,-78.472907,-78.472667,-78.472197,-78.471405,-78.471334,-78.471229,-78.471151,-78.471084,-78.471019,-78.470999,-78.470873,-78.47068,-78.470493,-78.47042,-78.470267,-78.4701,-78.470054,-78.46998,-78.469895,-78.469793,-78.469674,-78.469538,-78.469417,-78.468842,-78.46832,-78.46689,-78.466781,-78.466626,-78.466127,-78.465889,-78.465595,-78.465118,-78.464572,-78.464174,-78.463517,-78.463264,-78.462522,-78.462193,-78.461541,-78.460524,-78.46046,-78.460186,-78.45962,-78.459142,-78.458694,-78.458553,-78.458318,-78.457921,-78.457584,-78.457232,-78.456493,-78.456295,-78.455994,-78.455787,-78.455212,-78.454989,-78.454858,-78.454733,-78.454272,-78.454022,-78.453004,-78.452656,-78.452363,-78.45231,-78.452235,-78.452198,-78.452168,-78.452166,-78.452202,-78.452247,-78.452291,-78.452328,-78.452404,-78.452933,-78.453246,-78.453471,-78.453696,-78.453909,-78.453999,-78.454118,-78.454191,-78.454275,-78.454285,-78.454462,-78.454491,-78.454559,-78.454609,-78.454687,-78.454756,-78.454824,-78.454839,-78.454891,-78.454933,-78.45497,-78.455021,-78.455026,-78.455072,-78.455094,-78.455117,-78.455155,-78.455175,-78.455226,-78.455273,-78.455338,-78.455402,-78.455477,-78.455803,-78.455888,-78.456107,-78.456256,-78.456473,-78.456585,-78.456946,-78.458735,-78.459463,-78.459479,-78.459607,-78.459933,-78.460241,-78.460312,-78.460534,-78.461736,-78.46203,-78.462274,-78.462502,-78.462768,-78.463064,-78.46333,-78.463821,-78.464204,-78.46435,-78.464907,-78.465123,-78.465475,-78.465721,-78.466045,-78.466319,-78.466565,-78.46683,-78.466985,-78.467723,-78.468559,-78.468969,-78.469235,-78.469759,-78.469843,-78.469983,-78.47019,-78.470785,-78.471011,-78.471276,-78.471504,-78.471748,-78.472311,-78.47245,-78.472751,-78.47308,-78.473669,-78.474167,-78.475536,-78.476256,-78.477139,-78.477554,-78.4781,-78.478501,-78.478844,-78.478998,-78.479208,-78.479537,-78.479838,-78.48026,-78.480343,-78.480433,-78.480574,-78.480797,-78.48102,-78.48126,-78.481573,-78.48209,-78.483175,-78.48354,-78.483919,-78.484111,-78.484184,-78.484356,-78.484476,-78.484539,-78.48466,-78.484763,-78.484846,-78.484922,-78.484973,-78.484987,-78.484999,-78.485015,-78.485029,-78.485085,-78.485106,-78.485122,-78.485151,-78.485154,-78.485148,-78.485148,-78.485139,-78.48512,-78.485081,-78.484998,-78.484912,-78.484799,-78.484735,-78.484574,-78.484481,-78.484468,-78.484432,-78.484409,-78.484391,-78.4844,-78.484444,-78.484504,-78.484548,-78.484651,-78.484713,-78.484769,-78.484825,-78.484837,-78.485071,-78.485114,-78.485236,-78.485366,-78.485466,-78.485557,-78.485639,-78.485776,-78.485826,-78.485906,-78.485933,-78.485959,-78.485977,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485977,-78.485936,-78.48589,-78.485851,-78.485804,-78.485724,-78.485535,-78.485409,-78.485332,-78.485214,-78.485071,-78.485028,-78.484863,-78.484558,-78.484292,-78.483919,-78.483908,-78.483499,-78.483388,-78.483362,-78.483287,-78.48293,-78.482741,-78.482685,-78.482589,-78.482494,-78.481953,-78.481695,-78.481444,-78.481126,-78.480311,-78.479785,-78.479334,-78.479095,-78.478185,-78.477732,-78.477663,-78.477353,-78.476587,-78.47637,-78.475989,-78.475847,-78.475757,-78.475592,-78.475397,-78.475128,-78.475063,-78.474411,-78.474009,-78.473291,-78.4732,-78.472243,-78.471711,-78.471591,-78.47154,-78.471561,-78.471613,-78.471626,-78.471868,-78.471991,-78.472108,-78.471769,-78.471816,-78.472017,-78.472059,-78.472166,-78.472584,-78.473057,-78.473218,-78.473576,-78.473702,-78.473642,-78.473726,-78.473857,-78.473951,-78.474408,-78.474933,-78.475694,-78.476265,-78.476534,-78.477442,-78.47763,-78.477845,-78.478086,-78.47897,-78.479104,-78.479373,-78.479575,-78.479578,-78.47976,-78.480673,-78.48249,-78.484284,-78.484822,-78.484918,-78.484947,-78.485104,-78.485499,-78.485642,-78.486103,-78.486419,-78.486461,-78.486567,-78.486844,-78.486891,-78.48715,-78.486336,-78.486435,-78.486353,-78.486562,-78.4874,-78.487553,-78.487637,-78.487606,-78.487726,-78.488719,-78.489319,-78.489761,-78.490165,-78.490484,-78.490722,-78.490795,-78.49184,-78.492585,-78.492658,-78.49317,-78.494192,-78.494624,-78.494907,-78.495212,-78.495557,-78.496683,-78.497313,-78.497426,-78.49758,-78.498071,-78.49834,-78.498891,-78.5,-78.500601,-78.501108,-78.501307,-78.501662,-78.501959,-78.502667,-78.503177,-78.503363,-78.503711,-78.503801,-78.504058,-78.506071,-78.506571,-78.506695,-78.509702,-78.510069,-78.510402,-78.510494,-78.510564,-78.510603,-78.510479,-78.510562,-78.510864,-78.511491,-78.511637,-78.511761,-78.511907,-78.5127,-78.514334,-78.514768,-78.514979,-78.515088,-78.515092,-78.515192,-78.515457,-78.51557,-78.516084,-78.517351,-78.517606,-78.517832,-78.518042,-78.518805,-78.519357,-78.519491,-78.519527,-78.520269,-78.520939,-78.52176,-78.522192,-78.522265,-78.522533,-78.522956,-78.523853,-78.524321,-78.524663,-78.524684,-78.524999,-78.525465,-78.525606,-78.525492,-78.52509,-78.524684,-78.524259,-78.523725,-78.522352,-78.521416,-78.520261,-78.519947,-78.519407,-78.518641,-78.518146,-78.517953,-78.517887,-78.518055,-78.518558,-78.518846,-78.52075,-78.5209,-78.521051,-78.521638,-78.522752,-78.522985,-78.523828,-78.525405,-78.525926,-78.527997,-78.528521,-78.528944,-78.529339,-78.529412,-78.530264,-78.53111,-78.532105,-78.532944,-78.533722,-78.534084,-78.53493,-78.535003,-78.53565,-78.535723,-78.536469,-78.536889,-78.537574,-78.538118,-78.53875,-78.539564,-78.540001,-78.540628,-78.540824,-78.542108,-78.544402,-78.545261,-78.545515,-78.545788,-78.546221,-78.546894,-78.547415,-78.548084,-78.548308,-78.548482,-78.548241,-78.548314,-78.548214,-78.548218,-78.548321,-78.548495,-78.549273,-78.549383,-78.549263,-78.548245,-78.548217,-78.548162,-78.548241,-78.5482,-78.548377,-78.548742,-78.54923,-78.54958,-78.551003,-78.551989,-78.552686,-78.553123,-78.553932,-78.554357,-78.554583,-78.554742,-78.554966,-78.555536,-78.556405,-78.556661,-78.556687,-78.555624,-78.554742,-78.55437,-78.554194,-78.554144,-78.553779,-78.553671,-78.553688,-78.553979,-78.554372,-78.554697,-78.554757,-78.554978,-78.555349,-78.555613,-78.556014,-78.556331,-78.557088,-78.557963,-78.558335,-78.558722,-78.55935,-78.559868,-78.560598,-78.560957,-78.561201,-78.561566,-78.561572,-78.561174,-78.560707,-78.559856,-78.559342,-78.55895,-78.558099,-78.557649,-78.556965,-78.556744,-78.556674,-78.55661,-78.556903,-78.557419,-78.557842,-78.557915,-78.558453,-78.559496,-78.559583,-78.559742,-78.559767,-78.560136,-78.560317,-78.560711,-78.561897,-78.562211,-78.562612,-78.562798,-78.562892,-78.562846,-78.563063,-78.563209,-78.563652,-78.564389,-78.564535,-78.564477,-78.564533,-78.564716,-78.565114,-78.565443,-78.565376,-78.564954,-78.564748,-78.564987,-78.565231,-78.565761,-78.566412,-78.566905,-78.567387,-78.567689,-78.568175,-78.568355,-78.568875,-78.568933,-78.569048,-78.569751,-78.570003,-78.570227,-78.570423,-78.571184,-78.571922,-78.572086,-78.572178,-78.572154,-78.57198,-78.571112,-78.570697,-78.568779,-78.567357,-78.56613,-78.566065,-78.566115,-78.566624,-78.56696,-78.567376,-78.568077,-78.568557,-78.569393,-78.570111,-78.570996,-78.571399,-78.57155,-78.572321,-78.572666,-78.572684,-78.572984,-78.573245,-78.573682,-78.574143,-78.575034,-78.575512,-78.575934,-78.57602,-78.576233,-78.577506,-78.578187,-78.578259,-78.578715,-78.578951,-78.579167,-78.579333,-78.579517,-78.579178,-78.579208,-78.579083,-78.578865,-78.578558,-78.57794,-78.577479,-78.577409,-78.576771,-78.576314,-78.576196,-78.575703,-78.575516,-78.575189,-78.575105,-78.575303,-78.57589,-78.576214,-78.576516,-78.576664,-78.576947,-78.577382,-78.577593,-78.577452,-78.577525,-78.577497,-78.577652,-78.577883,-78.57843,-78.578711,-78.579113,-78.579357,-78.580094,-78.58079,-78.581149,-78.581664,-78.583449,-78.583522,-78.583786,-78.583876,-78.584096,-78.584611,-78.584978,-78.585463,-78.586202,-78.586337,-78.587144,-78.587233,-78.587601,-78.588024,-78.588468,-78.589105,-78.58954,-78.591483,-78.591601,-78.591702,-78.591669,-78.590904,-78.590825,-78.590497,-78.590136,-78.589973,-78.589834,-78.589081,-78.588598,-78.5884,-78.588294,-78.588244,-78.588138,-78.587955,-78.58784,-78.587601,-78.587486,-78.587227,-78.587121,-78.586747,-78.586358,-78.585672,-78.584981,-78.584805,-78.583857,-78.583239,-78.582822,-78.582634,-78.581731,-78.581121,-78.580945,-78.580828,-78.581283,-78.581861,-78.582228,-78.582539,-78.583077,-78.583521,-78.584067,-78.584193,-78.584677,-78.584909,-78.585075,-78.585728,-78.586482,-78.587298,-78.587517,-78.588258,-78.588681,-78.589382,-78.589708,-78.589815,-78.589918,-78.590281,-78.591596,-78.592314,-78.592558,-78.592704,-78.59256,-78.592706,-78.59295,-78.59339,-78.593766,-78.594113,-78.594382,-78.594436,-78.594834,-78.595126,-78.595108,-78.595282,-78.595507,-78.595809,-78.597361,-78.599166,-78.599882,-78.600198,-78.600648,-78.600954,-78.601042,-78.601359,-78.601733,-78.602324,-78.60261,-78.602904,-78.603427,-78.603939,-78.60448,-78.604825,-78.604942,-78.60565,-78.605784,-78.6069,-78.607558,-78.609045,-78.610121,-78.610553,-78.61148,-78.611718,-78.612074,-78.612905,-78.613865,-78.6144,-78.61458,-78.61489,-78.615334,-78.615621,-78.616161,-78.616231,-78.616294,-78.615991,-78.616045,-78.61617,-78.61626,-78.616358,-78.616301,-78.616392,-78.61616,-78.616234,-78.616827,-78.618601,-78.618707,-78.618946,-78.619387,-78.619991,-78.620897,-78.621149,-78.621485,-78.622048,-78.623237,-78.623454,-78.623879,-78.624803,-78.625334,-78.62602,-78.626445,-78.626583,-78.627499,-78.627983,-78.628609,-78.628932,-78.629012,-78.629108,-78.629204,-78.629328,-78.629445,-78.629493,-78.629562,-78.629638,-78.629679,-78.629713,-78.629748,-78.629755,-78.629741,-78.629563,-78.629555,-78.629562,-78.629583,-78.629631,-78.6297,-78.630175,-78.630313,-78.630388,-78.630478,-78.630567,-78.63065,-78.630815,-78.630856,-78.631028,-78.631076,-78.631214,-78.631434,-78.631482,-78.631523,-78.631571,-78.631592,-78.631592,-78.631571,-78.631433,-78.631364,-78.631136,-78.630957,-78.630847,-78.630585,-78.630551,-78.630558,-78.630675,-78.630702,-78.630709,-78.630695,-78.630633,-78.630275,-78.630167,-78.630124,-78.630055,-78.630023,-78.629999,-78.629979,-78.630006,-78.630041,-78.630089,-78.630502,-78.630942,-78.631011,-78.631362,-78.631644,-78.631885,-78.632153,-78.63231,-78.632566,-78.633206,-78.633756,-78.634114,-78.63441,-78.634775,-78.634933,-78.635091,-78.635573,-78.635689,-78.635889,-78.636094,-78.636299,-78.636312,-78.636692,-78.637084,-78.63727,-78.637534,-78.637598,-78.637499,-78.637259,-78.637009,-78.63681,-78.636612,-78.636364,-78.636297,-78.636075,-78.635435,-78.635068,-78.635054,-78.635052,-78.635011,-78.635006,-78.635171,-78.635271,-78.635586,-78.635682,-78.636264,-78.637567,-78.637611,-78.638118,-78.638505,-78.638914,-78.639375,-78.639437,-78.63959,-78.639743,-78.63995,-78.640122,-78.640149,-78.640142,-78.640138,-78.640122,-78.640103,-78.64008,-78.639942,-78.639804,-78.639701,-78.639515,-78.639363,-78.639253,-78.639129,-78.639012,-78.638771,-78.638606,-78.638489,-78.638055,-78.637945,-78.637325,-78.637236,-78.637201,-78.637181,-78.637188,-78.637256,-78.637511,-78.637566,-78.637607,-78.637621,-78.637607,-78.63762,-78.637661,-78.637682,-78.63784,-78.637874,-78.637833,-78.637778,-78.637599,-78.637523,-78.637447,-78.637206,-78.636786,-78.636276,-78.636021,-78.635374,-78.635195,-78.634864,-78.634457,-78.634409,-78.634347,-78.634319,-78.63436,-78.634415,-78.634471,-78.634533,-78.635159,-78.635386,-78.63595,-78.636439,-78.636859,-78.637265,-78.637375,-78.637389,-78.637396,-78.637396,-78.63737,-78.637339,-78.637237,-78.637189,-78.637127,-78.637044,-78.636831,-78.636631,-78.636224,-78.635908,-78.635687,-78.635494,-78.63548,-78.635487,-78.635515,-78.635563,-78.635714,-78.636114,-78.636162,-78.636325,-78.636387,-78.637318,-78.637731,-78.637951,-78.638681,-78.639074,-78.639549,-78.639858,-78.640333,-78.640443,-78.640636,-78.641104,-78.641228,-78.641394,-78.641586,-78.642061,-78.642192,-78.642399,-78.64264,-78.642736,-78.64286,-78.644361,-78.64474,-78.644836,-78.644974,-78.645422,-78.645539,-78.645663,-78.646434,-78.646943,-78.64737,-78.647577,-78.64788,-78.647997,-78.648059,-78.648107,-78.648403,-78.648506,-78.648589,-78.648665,-78.649016,-78.64912,-78.649381,-78.649498,-78.649643,-78.649787,-78.650056,-78.650173,-78.65071,-78.650999,-78.651233,-78.651343,-78.651426,-78.651784,-78.65206,-78.652149,-78.652232,-78.652356,-78.652432,-78.65248,-78.652535,-78.653402,-78.653588,-78.653801,-78.654153,-78.654772,-78.654875,-78.655047,-78.655254,-78.655495,-78.655742,-78.655832,-78.655881,-78.655999,-78.656169,-78.656279,-78.656775,-78.656954,-78.657126,-78.657188,-78.657223,-78.657285,-78.657346,-78.657457,-78.658007,-78.658283,-78.658379,-78.658482,-78.658592,-78.658847,-78.658916,-78.658985,-78.659115,-78.659239,-78.659363,-78.659715,-78.65979,-78.66032,-78.660575,-78.660878,-78.661959,-78.662393,-78.662572,-78.66262,-78.662648,-78.662758,-78.662813,-78.662923,-78.663206,-78.663709,-78.663874,-78.66397,-78.664108,-78.664149,-78.664204,-78.66428,-78.664452,-78.6645,-78.664549,-78.66459,-78.664659,-78.664714,-78.664797,-78.664824,-78.664838,-78.664817,-78.664845,-78.664879,-78.664941,-78.665341,-78.66543,-78.66552,-78.665568,-78.665678,-78.665809,-78.666119,-78.666332,-78.66658,-78.666711,-78.666897,-78.667131,-78.667276,-78.667482,-78.667778,-78.668116,-78.668433,-78.668625,-78.668736,-78.668873,-78.669369,-78.669628,-78.669848,-78.669961,-78.670629,-78.671297,-78.671517,-78.671559,-78.671875,-78.672006,-78.672151,-78.672357,-78.672454,-78.672798,-78.673184,-78.673817,-78.674244,-78.674327,-78.674375,-78.674423,-78.674554,-78.67463,-78.674692,-78.674788,-78.675325,-78.675552,-78.675745,-78.676048,-78.676089,-78.67622,-78.676372,-78.676537,-78.676676,-78.677081,-78.677119,-78.677398,-78.677708,-78.678086,-78.678217,-78.678341,-78.6785,-78.678617,-78.679181,-78.679236,-78.679257,-78.679264,-78.679285,-78.679409,-78.679505,-78.67956,-78.679684,-78.679753,-78.679898,-78.680104,-78.680228,-78.680297,-78.680421,-78.68051,-78.680662,-78.680924,-78.681881,-78.682294,-78.682487,-78.683224,-78.683279,-78.683761,-78.683905,-78.683954,-78.683919,-78.683954,-78.683961,-78.683919,-78.683926,-78.684043,-78.684174,-78.684305,-78.684443,-78.684801,-78.684876,-78.685159,-78.685248,-78.685283,-78.685331,-78.685414,-78.685579,-78.685758,-78.686082,-78.686219,-78.686316,-78.686364,-78.686385,-78.686378,-78.686392,-78.686426,-78.686605,-78.686762,-78.686901,-78.687018,-78.687183,-78.687335,-78.687438,-78.687542,-78.687865,-78.688031,-78.688182,-78.688451,-78.688623,-78.688678,-78.688706,-78.688816,-78.688881,-78.688996,-78.689167,-78.689312,-78.689876,-78.689945,-78.69,-78.690028,-78.690069,-78.690124,-78.690269,-78.690301,-78.690427,-78.690593,-78.690848,-78.690937,-78.690937,-78.690992,-78.691047,-78.691109,-78.691213,-78.691454,-78.691667,-78.691812,-78.691833,-78.691819,-78.691846,-78.691895,-78.69195,-78.692232,-78.69237,-78.693121,-78.69352,-78.694092,-78.694395,-78.694671,-78.694726,-78.694884,-78.694919,-78.694987,-78.695022,-78.69518,-78.695325,-78.695587,-78.695899,-78.696,-78.696062,-78.696296,-78.696333,-78.696351,-78.696365,-78.696393,-78.696379,-78.696317,-78.696042,-78.696035,-78.696111,-78.696111,-78.696069,-78.695993,-78.695931,-78.695697,-78.695663,-78.695559,-78.695415,-78.695353,-78.695339,-78.695346,-78.69538,-78.695401,-78.695429,-78.69547,-78.695525,-78.695645,-78.69573,-78.695783,-78.696152,-78.696538,-78.696765,-78.697378,-78.69742,-78.697606,-78.697716,-78.698198,-78.698687,-78.698901,-78.699053,-78.699197,-78.699459,-78.699618,-78.699838,-78.699928,-78.70001,-78.700079,-78.700355,-78.700486,-78.700575,-78.700928,-78.701032,-78.701292,-78.701346,-78.70163,-78.701836,-78.702111,-78.702479,-78.702744,-78.702989,-78.703274,-78.70373,-78.704187,-78.705011,-78.706219,-78.709938,-78.712089,-78.715905,-78.720552,-78.726666,-78.727889,-78.728092,-78.728383,-78.729551,-78.729951,-78.73417,-78.739771,-78.741644,-78.742135,-78.743433,-78.747739,-78.748075,-78.748905,-78.749735,-78.758285,-78.76071,-78.760735,-78.761756,-78.762445,-78.76308,-78.763129,-78.768246,-78.768379,-78.769431,-78.769466,-78.769818,-78.769968,-78.77173,-78.772172,-78.774795,-78.775232,-78.777794,-78.781075,-78.783346,-78.784934,-78.785928,-78.786699,-78.786858,-78.788096,-78.788224,-78.788388,-78.788434,-78.788658,-78.789301,-78.789742,-78.791352,-78.791434,-78.791521,-78.793944,-78.794112,-78.794149,-78.794186,-78.795752,-78.795898,-78.800999,-78.80351,-78.803595,-78.803675,-78.804176,-78.811991,-78.812413,-78.814438,-78.818214,-78.820746,-78.822121,-78.822422,-78.822727,-78.82284,-78.822947,-78.823063,-78.823172,-78.824762,-78.825238,-78.825239,-78.825339,-78.825339,-78.825392,-78.825431,-78.825465,-78.825494,-78.8255,-78.825506,-78.825539,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825339,-78.824871,-78.824862,-78.82474,-78.82424,-78.824116,-78.824092,-78.82224,-78.821294,-78.821216,-78.821197,-78.820842,-78.819443,-78.818234,-78.818214,-78.818184,-78.818142,-78.817945,-78.817933,-78.817916,-78.817733,-78.817391,-78.817377,-78.817361,-78.815536,-78.815337,-78.81532,-78.815261,-78.814866,-78.814857,-78.814834,-78.814795,-78.814779,-78.814636,-78.81364,-78.81324,-78.81324,-78.813312,-78.813314,-78.813316,-78.813338,-78.813339,-78.81345,-78.813738,-78.81375,-78.814238,-78.814939,-78.815853,-78.816639,-78.81672,-78.8168,-78.816975,-78.817439,-78.818639,-78.820039,-78.820638,-78.821236,-78.821339,-78.822639,-78.823639,-78.824839,-78.825035,-78.825683,-78.825694,-78.825967,-78.826239,-78.826528,-78.826818,-78.827139,-78.828339,-78.828835,-78.829339,-78.829454,-78.830339,-78.830411,-78.830839,-78.830846,-78.831131,-78.831189,-78.831243,-78.831312,-78.832467,-78.832611,-78.832667,-78.83315,-78.833322,-78.833365,-78.833358],"lat":[37.587932,37.588439,37.589147,37.58924,37.58943,37.59007,37.590542,37.591242,37.593242,37.594516,37.594642,37.594679,37.594838,37.594997,37.595264,37.595322,37.595342,37.595415,37.595564,37.595712,37.596042,37.596597,37.596741,37.597041,37.597241,37.597356,37.597523,37.597545,37.59757,37.597614,37.597641,37.59817,37.598177,37.598192,37.598198,37.598204,37.598344,37.598389,37.598529,37.598601,37.598655,37.598665,37.598941,37.599441,37.600108,37.600364,37.600395,37.600443,37.601741,37.602729,37.602744,37.604441,37.605741,37.606341,37.607341,37.608141,37.608741,37.609264,37.60934,37.60974,37.609854,37.610257,37.61074,37.61114,37.61174,37.61224,37.61264,37.61364,37.61404,37.61454,37.614575,37.61474,37.61544,37.61584,37.616342,37.616552,37.616589,37.616683,37.616869,37.617715,37.618287,37.618524,37.618623,37.618992,37.619002,37.619142,37.619176,37.619642,37.620442,37.621142,37.621742,37.622742,37.623342,37.624142,37.625242,37.625942,37.626964,37.627096,37.627229,37.627442,37.629442,37.630548,37.630642,37.631842,37.632742,37.632969,37.633642,37.634139,37.634642,37.63541,37.635688,37.635742,37.635817,37.637142,37.639542,37.639605,37.639671,37.639737,37.64044,37.641142,37.641214,37.641232,37.641236,37.641244,37.641942,37.642033,37.64218,37.642326,37.642342,37.642374,37.642384,37.642395,37.642518,37.642642,37.642638,37.642634,37.642588,37.642542,37.642038,37.640935,37.640378,37.640343,37.639733,37.63873,37.638226,37.6382,37.638197,37.638136,37.638097,37.638093,37.638073,37.638071,37.638045,37.638042,37.638194,37.638232,37.638539,37.638725,37.638744,37.638678,37.638673,37.638616,37.638559,37.638548,37.638442,37.637894,37.637818,37.637642,37.637006,37.636976,37.636942,37.636542,37.636142,37.636047,37.635952,37.635947,37.635942,37.635924,37.635907,37.635642,37.63561,37.635349,37.635088,37.635065,37.635042,37.634942,37.634792,37.634742,37.634742,37.634642,37.634542,37.634442,37.634242,37.633842,37.633542,37.633142,37.632842,37.632642,37.632442,37.632292,37.632276,37.632242,37.632229,37.632226,37.632209,37.632142,37.632042,37.632029,37.632027,37.632025,37.632019,37.631997,37.631942,37.631928,37.631926,37.631924,37.631918,37.631842,37.63175,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631642,37.631542,37.631642,37.631742,37.63187,37.631942,37.632042,37.632242,37.632442,37.632442,37.633042,37.633243,37.633257,37.633342,37.633442,37.633542,37.633609,37.633616,37.633642,37.633679,37.633687,37.633691,37.633693,37.633696,37.633698,37.633742,37.633766,37.633842,37.633843,37.633845,37.633851,37.633876,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.63401,37.63403,37.634035,37.634036,37.634043,37.634043,37.634024,37.634015,37.634004,37.633985,37.633943,37.633943,37.634043,37.633993,37.633968,37.63396,37.63395,37.633943,37.634077,37.634133,37.634138,37.634143,37.634218,37.634263,37.634293,37.634314,37.634362,37.634383,37.634443,37.634576,37.634609,37.634643,37.634666,37.634743,37.63481,37.634843,37.635143,37.635206,37.635214,37.635379,37.635386,37.635087,37.634858,37.634217,37.633762,37.63362,37.633558,37.633499,37.633451,37.633409,37.63339,37.633441,37.633439,37.633412,37.633408,37.633404,37.633415,37.633481,37.633557,37.63367,37.633912,37.633971,37.634016,37.634048,37.634035,37.634008,37.633967,37.633907,37.63386,37.633795,37.633724,37.633399,37.632675,37.632565,37.632457,37.632043,37.631578,37.630862,37.630279,37.630206,37.630084,37.629961,37.629891,37.629781,37.629677,37.629581,37.629101,37.629016,37.628923,37.628823,37.62857,37.62809,37.627926,37.627725,37.62753,37.626849,37.626685,37.626516,37.62599,37.625844,37.625753,37.625646,37.625398,37.625126,37.624992,37.624822,37.624674,37.624434,37.623472,37.62332,37.623069,37.622584,37.621932,37.621706,37.621579,37.621408,37.621201,37.620281,37.620073,37.619845,37.619733,37.619627,37.619546,37.619432,37.619397,37.619314,37.619243,37.619143,37.619057,37.618978,37.618934,37.618877,37.618808,37.618727,37.618649,37.61854,37.618426,37.617993,37.61757,37.617313,37.617145,37.61701,37.616791,37.616579,37.616477,37.616227,37.61614,37.61605,37.615972,37.615907,37.615854,37.615815,37.615793,37.615773,37.615745,37.615733,37.615739,37.615759,37.615846,37.615909,37.615913,37.615902,37.615864,37.615812,37.615701,37.615471,37.615405,37.61532,37.615149,37.615004,37.613578,37.613347,37.612863,37.612727,37.612407,37.612287,37.612134,37.611798,37.611614,37.610771,37.610485,37.610198,37.609822,37.609597,37.609543,37.609081,37.608904,37.608685,37.608599,37.607721,37.607668,37.607531,37.607305,37.60716,37.607015,37.606731,37.60645,37.606226,37.606021,37.605822,37.605544,37.605171,37.605071,37.604818,37.60462,37.604381,37.604241,37.604104,37.603991,37.603728,37.603493,37.603312,37.602888,37.602481,37.602287,37.602115,37.601931,37.601563,37.601248,37.601031,37.600735,37.6005,37.599976,37.59961,37.599255,37.598681,37.59849,37.598369,37.598207,37.598109,37.597967,37.597861,37.597621,37.59744,37.597177,37.596764,37.596521,37.596427,37.59619,37.595459,37.59511,37.594969,37.594842,37.594776,37.594716,37.594686,37.594672,37.594667,37.594669,37.594691,37.594732,37.594829,37.594873,37.594939,37.594969,37.594987,37.594988,37.594968,37.594888,37.594842,37.594752,37.594614,37.594491,37.594226,37.594103,37.594028,37.593894,37.593783,37.593616,37.593541,37.593492,37.593353,37.593288,37.593165,37.593132,37.593066,37.592945,37.592883,37.592847,37.592794,37.592712,37.592568,37.592412,37.592222,37.591964,37.590961,37.590414,37.589048,37.588661,37.588435,37.587927,37.587736,37.587338,37.58639,37.585533,37.584677,37.583717,37.58314,37.582221,37.581747,37.581424,37.581227,37.580995,37.580905,37.580616,37.580358,37.579989,37.579722,37.579617,37.579496,37.57943,37.579298,37.579159,37.579011,37.578832,37.578698,37.578365,37.578169,37.578015,37.577815,37.577612,37.577591,37.577437,37.577323,37.577192,37.576945,37.576267,37.576148,37.576044,37.575954,37.575811,37.575647,37.575606,37.575571,37.575555,37.575549,37.575554,37.57556,37.575569,37.575565,37.575548,37.575534,37.575501,37.575463,37.575402,37.575337,37.575261,37.575209,37.575065,37.574983,37.575502,37.576015,37.576527,37.576742,37.576958,37.577127,37.57732,37.577722,37.57796,37.578079,37.578197,37.578314,37.578547,37.579186,37.579369,37.579491,37.579677,37.580352,37.580452,37.58055,37.580607,37.580663,37.580712,37.580763,37.580857,37.580937,37.581008,37.581041,37.581068,37.581093,37.581134,37.581166,37.581233,37.581318,37.58137,37.58139,37.581387,37.581372,37.581324,37.581316,37.581322,37.581324,37.581312,37.581282,37.581212,37.581212,37.581226,37.581235,37.581351,37.58138,37.581405,37.581556,37.581693,37.581788,37.581901,37.581949,37.583233,37.583598,37.583977,37.584684,37.585281,37.585572,37.585813,37.585899,37.585952,37.586362,37.586641,37.586784,37.586926,37.586984,37.58702,37.587053,37.587073,37.587072,37.587045,37.586946,37.586941,37.586894,37.586887,37.586834,37.586733,37.586695,37.58667,37.58665,37.58667,37.587351,37.587717,37.588024,37.588229,37.589827,37.591043,37.592164,37.59251,37.592718,37.593363,37.594097,37.594649,37.594892,37.595038,37.595282,37.595524,37.595635,37.595981,37.596315,37.596493,37.596714,37.596936,37.597157,37.597621,37.597714,37.598107,37.598969,37.599278,37.599582,37.599796,37.600047,37.600292,37.600904,37.601674,37.602165,37.602907,37.603259,37.603821,37.604195,37.604898,37.605343,37.605885,37.606828,37.607053,37.60717,37.607281,37.607422,37.607719,37.608017,37.608315,37.608434,37.609445,37.609726,37.610526,37.610846,37.611026,37.611248,37.611468,37.611642,37.61191,37.612172,37.612869,37.613907,37.614208,37.614893,37.615308,37.6159,37.6162,37.616737,37.617282,37.618381,37.619119,37.620991,37.621493,37.62167,37.621916,37.622006,37.622157,37.622264,37.622537,37.623815,37.623909,37.623983,37.624073,37.62414,37.624402,37.624474,37.624732,37.625144,37.625247,37.625285,37.625291,37.625255,37.625241,37.625225,37.62528,37.625252,37.625144,37.625067,37.625034,37.624985,37.624914,37.624678,37.624585,37.624486,37.624447,37.624381,37.624332,37.624228,37.624008,37.623514,37.623437,37.623311,37.62319,37.623108,37.623042,37.622998,37.622976,37.622987,37.623042,37.623009,37.62302,37.62313,37.623207,37.623196,37.623069,37.623047,37.623042,37.623047,37.623086,37.623256,37.623258,37.623273,37.623328,37.623388,37.623449,37.623476,37.623542,37.623542,37.623471,37.62346,37.623471,37.623503,37.623542,37.623602,37.623657,37.623915,37.623954,37.62402,37.624152,37.624201,37.624289,37.624305,37.624283,37.62425,37.624201,37.624135,37.62391,37.623542,37.623438,37.623344,37.62333,37.623289,37.623267,37.623251,37.623311,37.623394,37.623482,37.623454,37.623372,37.623257,37.62313,37.622911,37.622801,37.622669,37.622581,37.622515,37.622329,37.622175,37.621746,37.621691,37.621631,37.62156,37.621076,37.620923,37.620659,37.620489,37.620308,37.620017,37.619896,37.619797,37.619127,37.618929,37.61871,37.618369,37.617957,37.617869,37.617611,37.617523,37.617348,37.616617,37.616409,37.61626,37.615925,37.615728,37.615508,37.615475,37.615459,37.615491,37.615546,37.615695,37.61598,37.616019,37.616052,37.616046,37.615969,37.61592,37.615887,37.615854,37.615832,37.615794,37.6157,37.615052,37.614898,37.614876,37.614876,37.614915,37.615025,37.615167,37.615415,37.615491,37.615568,37.615557,37.615535,37.615447,37.615266,37.615162,37.614904,37.614887,37.614887,37.614843,37.614756,37.61464,37.614618,37.614607,37.614618,37.614684,37.61469,37.614684,37.614662,37.614607,37.614602,37.61458,37.614541,37.614497,37.614448,37.614311,37.614256,37.614228,37.614206,37.614168,37.614058,37.614036,37.61402,37.613992,37.613954,37.613866,37.613844,37.613833,37.613805,37.613602,37.613492,37.613333,37.613421,37.613564,37.613597,37.613602,37.613597,37.613481,37.613448,37.613465,37.613541,37.613569,37.613585,37.613618,37.613778,37.613794,37.613789,37.613783,37.613789,37.613805,37.613827,37.613849,37.613898,37.614091,37.614145,37.614206,37.614262,37.614546,37.614673,37.614716,37.614719,37.614722,37.614711,37.614689,37.614607,37.614601,37.614645,37.614727,37.614897,37.614941,37.615046,37.615073,37.615095,37.61509,37.615073,37.615046,37.614996,37.614919,37.614815,37.614551,37.614447,37.614365,37.614343,37.614348,37.614387,37.614524,37.614573,37.614639,37.61459,37.61459,37.614639,37.614798,37.614935,37.615259,37.615402,37.615457,37.61555,37.615732,37.616204,37.6165,37.616687,37.617269,37.617418,37.617742,37.618099,37.618219,37.61834,37.61845,37.618549,37.618697,37.618757,37.618818,37.618944,37.619043,37.619092,37.619125,37.619142,37.619191,37.61918,37.619202,37.619509,37.619531,37.619548,37.619531,37.619487,37.619405,37.619279,37.619174,37.61902,37.618702,37.618652,37.618614,37.618548,37.618526,37.618581,37.618674,37.618696,37.618619,37.618564,37.618509,37.618415,37.618273,37.618086,37.617927,37.617591,37.617311,37.617163,37.617114,37.617092,37.617103,37.617081,37.616982,37.616971,37.616976,37.617037,37.617042,37.616987,37.616932,37.616647,37.616586,37.616487,37.616316,37.616048,37.615944,37.615812,37.61574,37.615592,37.615378,37.615279,37.61512,37.615043,37.614614,37.614373,37.614329,37.614219,37.61418,37.613878,37.613768,37.613648,37.613461,37.613378,37.613181,37.613093,37.613027,37.613005,37.61301,37.613076,37.613213,37.613526,37.61374,37.614218,37.614492,37.614986,37.615442,37.615683,37.615859,37.616611,37.617193,37.617462,37.6176,37.617869,37.618094,37.618467,37.618533,37.618588,37.618615,37.618621,37.618599,37.618439,37.618362,37.618291,37.618225,37.618027,37.617994,37.617978,37.617983,37.618005,37.618086,37.618104,37.618126,37.61812,37.618082,37.618005,37.617692,37.617604,37.6175,37.617445,37.617417,37.617412,37.617417,37.617428,37.617477,37.617587,37.617675,37.617697,37.617714,37.617703,37.617565,37.617527,37.617488,37.617444,37.617433,37.617449,37.61762,37.617647,37.617669,37.617663,37.617625,37.617581,37.617328,37.617235,37.617164,37.617015,37.616861,37.616779,37.616736,37.616838,37.616921,37.616951,37.617091,37.617206,37.617279,37.617317,37.617333,37.617347,37.617356,37.617357,37.617352,37.617344,37.61731,37.617133,37.617081,37.617063,37.617052,37.61705,37.617066,37.617077,37.617114,37.617165,37.617273,37.617285,37.617289,37.617284,37.617284,37.617292,37.617324,37.617334,37.617332,37.617299,37.617238,37.617024,37.616898,37.616785,37.616725,37.616661,37.616542,37.616469,37.616417,37.616249,37.616045,37.61599,37.615902,37.615103,37.615044,37.61499,37.614732,37.614677,37.61456,37.614508,37.614475,37.61445,37.614363,37.614151,37.614094,37.614032,37.614004,37.613881,37.613826,37.613706,37.613567,37.613544,37.613486,37.613434,37.613351,37.613274,37.613219,37.613154,37.613128,37.613127,37.613135,37.61315,37.613158,37.613176,37.613188,37.613277,37.613331,37.613511,37.613544,37.613669,37.613736,37.613767,37.61403,37.614801,37.615253,37.615494,37.616089,37.617001,37.617212,37.617387,37.617633,37.617668,37.617739,37.617876,37.618259,37.61833,37.618397,37.6185,37.618939,37.619003,37.619135,37.619587,37.619649,37.620211,37.620406,37.620436,37.620517,37.620665,37.620831,37.621053,37.621155,37.621244,37.62127,37.621288,37.621314,37.621325,37.621321,37.621276,37.621253,37.621223,37.621169,37.621138,37.621082,37.620986,37.620925,37.620891,37.62083,37.620795,37.620735,37.620638,37.620575,37.620541,37.620479,37.620347,37.620158,37.620069,37.619664,37.619282,37.618963,37.618793,37.618741,37.618646,37.618624,37.618519,37.618332,37.618178,37.618016,37.617882,37.61781,37.617783,37.61764,37.617571,37.617448,37.617389,37.617367,37.617369,37.617389,37.617423,37.617466,37.617684,37.61775,37.617808,37.617884,37.617979,37.618021,37.618072,37.618088,37.618093,37.618044,37.618009,37.617988,37.617957,37.617904,37.617807,37.617706,37.617652,37.617622,37.617591,37.617585,37.617592,37.61761,37.61764,37.617678,37.617725,37.617802,37.617888,37.617985,37.618054,37.618124,37.61823,37.618441,37.618476,37.618582,37.618687,37.619001,37.619245,37.619558,37.619787,37.619835,37.619904,37.619939,37.620007,37.620042,37.620145,37.620179,37.620248,37.620491,37.620525,37.620907,37.620977,37.621186,37.621255,37.621325,37.621569,37.621709,37.621779,37.622394,37.6225,37.622605,37.623267,37.623302,37.623407,37.624064,37.624202,37.624271,37.624375,37.624443,37.624912,37.624977,37.625181,37.625214,37.625296,37.625338,37.625394,37.625409,37.625428,37.625379,37.625346,37.625331,37.625384,37.625386,37.625375,37.625348,37.625322,37.625258,37.625219,37.625071,37.625016,37.624874,37.624857,37.624846,37.624834,37.624834,37.624858,37.624908,37.624925,37.624919,37.624909,37.624855,37.624781,37.624665,37.624222,37.624072,37.623905,37.623776,37.623357,37.62305,37.622842,37.622734,37.622337,37.622023,37.621691,37.62143,37.621257,37.621029,37.620772,37.620491,37.620313,37.620068,37.620036,37.619879,37.619791,37.619713,37.619629,37.619482,37.619178,37.619122,37.619049,37.619004,37.618968,37.618925,37.618892,37.618876,37.618867,37.618858,37.618787,37.618779,37.618779,37.618789,37.618826,37.618884,37.618958,37.619075,37.61919,37.619134,37.619113,37.618723,37.618652,37.618506,37.618316,37.618176,37.618003,37.617822,37.617626,37.617426,37.617196,37.616908,37.616728,37.616549,37.616303,37.61622,37.616066,37.615902,37.615677,37.615583,37.614975,37.614151,37.61305,37.612284,37.612015,37.611834,37.611278,37.6107,37.610048,37.60945,37.609077,37.607442,37.607179,37.606214,37.605589,37.605335,37.605096,37.604797,37.604551,37.604495,37.604023,37.603272,37.602978,37.602264,37.601427,37.600911,37.60066,37.600139,37.600049,37.599547,37.599316,37.599129,37.598908,37.598108,37.597752,37.595912,37.595317,37.594993,37.594491,37.594197,37.59375,37.592391,37.590284,37.589773,37.58922,37.589015,37.588257,37.588009,37.587726,37.587481,37.587167,37.586464,37.585878,37.58562,37.585445,37.585225,37.584974,37.584644,37.584497,37.584316,37.584272,37.584069,37.583903,37.583609,37.583411,37.582261,37.582022,37.580814,37.579322,37.578329,37.578218,37.577885,37.576185,37.575041,37.574895,37.573042,37.572892,37.572318,37.572167,37.571531,37.570172,37.569795,37.569555,37.569241,37.568705,37.56834,37.567938,37.567547,37.567171,37.567022,37.566994,37.566789,37.564675,37.564132,37.563854,37.563517,37.561935,37.561549,37.561392,37.560892,37.560817,37.56052,37.5603,37.559931,37.558897,37.558449,37.558031,37.556859,37.55626,37.555738,37.554629,37.554216,37.553111,37.552252,37.551491,37.550807,37.550733,37.550513,37.550228,37.548804,37.548382,37.548232,37.548046,37.547878,37.547716,37.54752,37.547334,37.547193,37.54706,37.546964,37.546655,37.546367,37.546168,37.545332,37.544376,37.54425,37.544125,37.543962,37.54393,37.543885,37.543807,37.543767,37.543741,37.543714,37.543673,37.543557,37.54338,37.542938,37.542372,37.541577,37.539996,37.539725,37.538776,37.538433,37.537985,37.537587,37.537389,37.536453,37.535757,37.535493,37.53541,37.535147,37.534829,37.534633,37.534444,37.534153,37.533741,37.533609,37.533507,37.533237,37.532533,37.532264,37.532022,37.531783,37.531638,37.531398,37.531291,37.531068,37.53104,37.53085,37.530662,37.530531,37.530348,37.530224,37.529918,37.529515,37.529205,37.529068,37.528972,37.528894,37.528764,37.528692,37.528508,37.528259,37.528123,37.527915,37.527741,37.527601,37.526766,37.526216,37.525891,37.525667,37.525451,37.525399,37.525106,37.524923,37.524639,37.524335,37.524183,37.523793,37.523536,37.523208,37.522742,37.522529,37.522169,37.52198,37.521722,37.521559,37.521413,37.521032,37.520779,37.520545,37.520257,37.520135,37.519811,37.519543,37.519365,37.5192,37.518928,37.518633,37.518332,37.517167,37.514805,37.513978,37.51364,37.511067,37.510935,37.510645,37.510362,37.510141,37.509871,37.50972,37.509482,37.509253,37.509011,37.508953,37.508743,37.508549,37.508366,37.508129,37.507644,37.507284,37.506984,37.506865,37.506759,37.506666,37.506586,37.506511,37.506402,37.506329,37.506291,37.506231,37.506156,37.506068,37.505968,37.505865,37.50575,37.50565,37.505516,37.505372,37.505249,37.505121,37.504988,37.50485,37.50467,37.50444,37.504242,37.504126,37.503875,37.503667,37.503456,37.502961,37.500985,37.500653,37.500322,37.499993,37.499759,37.49947,37.499185,37.498906,37.498679,37.497882,37.497019,37.496832,37.496581,37.496262,37.495939,37.495547,37.495262,37.494895,37.494526,37.494155,37.493162,37.492966,37.491298,37.488512,37.487503,37.487044,37.486396,37.486226,37.485895,37.485567,37.485241,37.484918,37.484598,37.484228,37.483949,37.481478,37.481311,37.48022,37.479674,37.478598,37.476744,37.476554,37.476236,37.475952,37.475654,37.475262,37.475068,37.473535,37.471578,37.469892,37.469184,37.467712,37.466112,37.46581,37.465455,37.465202,37.464952,37.464707,37.464468,37.464282,37.463498,37.462787,37.460842,37.460688,37.460469,37.459796,37.459501,37.459173,37.458693,37.458153,37.457771,37.457131,37.456864,37.456121,37.455808,37.455155,37.454168,37.454104,37.453821,37.453201,37.452621,37.452021,37.45182,37.451465,37.450808,37.450175,37.449471,37.447968,37.447585,37.446974,37.446548,37.445395,37.444926,37.444614,37.444228,37.442602,37.441822,37.438946,37.437964,37.437134,37.436963,37.436674,37.436455,37.436163,37.435946,37.43559,37.435298,37.435092,37.434966,37.434756,37.433376,37.432543,37.431955,37.431285,37.430582,37.430262,37.429807,37.429552,37.429214,37.429173,37.428379,37.42821,37.427873,37.427548,37.427116,37.426593,37.426176,37.425993,37.425537,37.425,37.42433,37.422465,37.422011,37.420353,37.419806,37.418818,37.417906,37.417656,37.417274,37.417054,37.416831,37.416634,37.41644,37.41573,37.415541,37.415096,37.41484,37.414495,37.414329,37.41386,37.411556,37.410629,37.41061,37.410466,37.410122,37.40983,37.409768,37.409574,37.408563,37.408326,37.408144,37.407986,37.407822,37.407659,37.407527,37.407303,37.407138,37.407075,37.406821,37.406717,37.406531,37.406385,37.406165,37.405958,37.405744,37.405495,37.405336,37.404517,37.403575,37.403131,37.402865,37.402392,37.402323,37.402204,37.402038,37.401604,37.401451,37.401282,37.401144,37.401003,37.400701,37.40063,37.400485,37.400339,37.4001,37.399922,37.399471,37.399242,37.398949,37.398812,37.398638,37.398506,37.398386,37.398332,37.398251,37.398104,37.397953,37.397715,37.397668,37.397611,37.397518,37.39736,37.397181,37.396978,37.396689,37.396155,37.395046,37.394668,37.394275,37.394054,37.393962,37.393727,37.39354,37.393442,37.393199,37.39295,37.392686,37.392347,37.391857,37.39145,37.391271,37.390854,37.390388,37.389063,37.388629,37.388162,37.387357,37.386945,37.386721,37.386514,37.386368,37.385977,37.385655,37.384958,37.384334,37.383452,37.38294,37.381734,37.381082,37.380978,37.380646,37.380333,37.379965,37.379052,37.378477,37.377926,37.377604,37.377034,37.376702,37.376367,37.376074,37.37601,37.374689,37.374461,37.373813,37.373073,37.37247,37.37201,37.371565,37.37085,37.370556,37.369984,37.369796,37.369527,37.369124,37.368566,37.368271,37.368044,37.367763,37.367226,37.366746,37.366449,37.366183,37.365809,37.365081,37.364628,37.364387,37.364064,37.363713,37.363607,37.363183,37.362428,37.361754,37.360854,37.360827,37.359834,37.359577,37.359515,37.35934,37.358553,37.358176,37.358064,37.357878,37.357694,37.356688,37.356231,37.355805,37.355296,37.354052,37.353243,37.35256,37.352183,37.350799,37.350098,37.349991,37.349525,37.348347,37.348032,37.34744,37.347227,37.347092,37.346813,37.34651,37.346093,37.345993,37.344997,37.344399,37.343286,37.343148,37.341699,37.340881,37.340703,37.340623,37.340612,37.340584,37.340577,37.340447,37.34032,37.339829,37.339307,37.338914,37.338653,37.338478,37.338421,37.337247,37.336627,37.336142,37.335613,37.335087,37.334751,37.334401,37.334238,37.334168,37.334235,37.334395,37.334507,37.334445,37.334484,37.334762,37.334789,37.334821,37.334783,37.334281,37.334206,37.334245,37.334565,37.334747,37.334955,37.335597,37.337314,37.338738,37.339398,37.339775,37.340433,37.340746,37.34084,37.340825,37.340638,37.340285,37.340109,37.340052,37.339174,37.338992,37.337995,37.336351,37.335349,37.33472,37.333842,37.332658,37.332208,37.331857,37.331598,37.331289,37.330817,37.329852,37.329553,37.329612,37.329721,37.329802,37.329885,37.330365,37.330546,37.330629,37.330813,37.330998,37.331303,37.331502,37.331682,37.331887,37.332415,37.332907,37.332995,37.33314,37.333598,37.333637,37.333463,37.33331,37.333219,37.333038,37.333041,37.333047,37.333163,37.333302,37.333304,37.333268,37.3332,37.333214,37.333106,37.332637,37.33246,37.332416,37.331353,37.331223,37.331044,37.330994,37.330896,37.330538,37.330084,37.329734,37.329632,37.329724,37.32989,37.330344,37.330511,37.33088,37.331808,37.332126,37.332411,37.332535,37.332549,37.332877,37.333216,37.333322,37.333806,37.334717,37.335008,37.335622,37.335907,37.336599,37.337006,37.337159,37.3372,37.338047,37.338537,37.33899,37.339125,37.339209,37.339248,37.339418,37.339549,37.339726,37.339959,37.339973,37.340188,37.340764,37.341148,37.341821,37.342343,37.342683,37.342912,37.343016,37.342743,37.342389,37.341204,37.341158,37.341479,37.342166,37.342493,37.342719,37.343,37.34346,37.344078,37.344229,37.34454,37.344565,37.344514,37.344382,37.344181,37.344179,37.344338,37.344531,37.34468,37.345526,37.345856,37.346027,37.34612,37.346204,37.346328,37.346669,37.347358,37.348315,37.349336,37.34957,37.349911,37.349995,37.350198,37.350281,37.350462,37.350451,37.350296,37.35025,37.350032,37.349533,37.349451,37.349542,37.349498,37.348778,37.348095,37.347603,37.347313,37.346554,37.34629,37.346388,37.346536,37.346452,37.346485,37.346728,37.347746,37.347829,37.34825,37.349013,37.349754,37.349997,37.350038,37.350162,37.350472,37.35105,37.351169,37.351401,37.351848,37.352023,37.352449,37.352865,37.353153,37.353241,37.353302,37.353446,37.353438,37.353356,37.353075,37.352846,37.35248,37.352394,37.352426,37.352763,37.353398,37.353689,37.354165,37.354737,37.354935,37.355135,37.355291,37.355502,37.356066,37.356522,37.357033,37.357765,37.358257,37.35846,37.358498,37.358636,37.359138,37.359672,37.36013,37.360357,37.360685,37.360857,37.360903,37.361032,37.361123,37.361089,37.360941,37.360993,37.361138,37.361554,37.361918,37.362622,37.363026,37.363484,37.363699,37.363787,37.364245,37.364579,37.365314,37.365464,37.365562,37.366025,37.366358,37.366723,37.366894,37.366977,37.367055,37.366372,37.366203,37.366117,37.366012,37.36563,37.365257,37.364769,37.36407,37.364116,37.364574,37.364964,37.36574,37.366132,37.366781,37.366947,37.36723,37.367446,37.367612,37.367858,37.368011,37.368219,37.368495,37.368869,37.36915,37.369561,37.370039,37.3704,37.370545,37.370658,37.371043,37.371115,37.371039,37.370938,37.370646,37.370672,37.37137,37.371447,37.371555,37.372218,37.372327,37.372359,37.372315,37.371845,37.371081,37.370778,37.370392,37.370098,37.369855,37.369801,37.369596,37.367902,37.36686,37.365775,37.365656,37.365446,37.363886,37.363644,37.363451,37.363625,37.363949,37.364724,37.364828,37.364811,37.36487,37.364819,37.364895,37.365199,37.36571,37.366008,37.366082,37.366,37.365813,37.365579,37.365322,37.364911,37.364742,37.364628,37.364341,37.363947,37.363905,37.363935,37.364115,37.364182,37.364461,37.36525,37.366289,37.366947,37.367474,37.367805,37.368123,37.368578,37.368765,37.368864,37.369207,37.369177,37.369088,37.369016,37.369025,37.369232,37.369583,37.370119,37.370967,37.371559,37.372437,37.373185,37.373553,37.37387,37.374155,37.374751,37.374835,37.375,37.375553,37.37595,37.376574,37.37676,37.377217,37.377362,37.377577,37.377969,37.378021,37.377805,37.3781,37.378184,37.378238,37.378257,37.378303,37.378088,37.378105,37.378211,37.378028,37.378047,37.377767,37.377782,37.378194,37.378365,37.378647,37.379284,37.379601,37.38021,37.380299,37.380459,37.3806,37.381287,37.381421,37.382027,37.382374,37.383258,37.383455,37.383891,37.384365,37.384808,37.384865,37.385076,37.385133,37.385905,37.385998,37.386616,37.386709,37.387216,37.387273,37.387872,37.388142,37.388297,37.388669,37.388825,37.389304,37.389759,37.389953,37.389962,37.390448,37.390867,37.391023,37.391515,37.391944,37.392245,37.392262,37.392126,37.392204,37.392486,37.392529,37.392584,37.393089,37.39325,37.393365,37.393351,37.393496,37.393578,37.393828,37.394226,37.394396,37.39457,37.394763,37.39486,37.394953,37.395281,37.396779,37.396883,37.397027,37.397194,37.397608,37.397775,37.397919,37.398019,37.398001,37.397906,37.397945,37.397974,37.398192,37.398525,37.398994,37.399237,37.39927,37.399168,37.398355,37.397332,37.396855,37.396501,37.396167,37.395788,37.395679,37.395417,37.395308,37.395357,37.395326,37.39526,37.395009,37.394973,37.394871,37.394731,37.394684,37.394242,37.394261,37.393661,37.393429,37.394007,37.394163,37.394298,37.39475,37.394866,37.394919,37.394748,37.394415,37.394311,37.394337,37.3942,37.394109,37.394052,37.393731,37.393632,37.393169,37.392291,37.391824,37.391392,37.391021,37.390347,37.390194,37.389808,37.38883,37.388515,37.388165,37.387551,37.387539,37.387637,37.387737,37.388086,37.388609,37.388718,37.388776,37.388449,37.387931,37.3876,37.387371,37.386996,37.38671,37.386555,37.386326,37.386038,37.385565,37.385315,37.384824,37.384436,37.384387,37.38442,37.384475,37.384568,37.384761,37.38481,37.384859,37.384892,37.384898,37.384887,37.38486,37.384783,37.384744,37.38458,37.384563,37.384519,37.384481,37.384437,37.384398,37.38425,37.384234,37.384245,37.384283,37.384344,37.384437,37.384712,37.384761,37.38486,37.384904,37.385085,37.385261,37.385327,37.385431,37.385756,37.385805,37.385849,37.385909,37.386156,37.386365,37.387194,37.387634,37.387694,37.387771,37.387815,37.387859,37.387924,37.387957,37.387985,37.388056,37.388122,37.388402,37.3885,37.388539,37.388638,37.388704,37.388753,37.388841,37.388924,37.388968,37.389001,37.389193,37.389539,37.389567,37.3896,37.389671,37.38977,37.389858,37.389927,37.39004,37.390293,37.390441,37.390579,37.390711,37.390843,37.390914,37.391018,37.391299,37.391379,37.391518,37.391656,37.391794,37.391803,37.392059,37.392324,37.392449,37.39269,37.393174,37.393522,37.393919,37.394219,37.394705,37.395223,37.395927,37.396079,37.396583,37.397459,37.398487,37.399095,37.399174,37.399721,37.399788,37.400008,37.400142,37.400391,37.400439,37.400734,37.401165,37.401179,37.401555,37.402094,37.402803,37.403532,37.403574,37.403676,37.403778,37.403871,37.403992,37.404031,37.40419,37.404209,37.404278,37.404316,37.40436,37.404574,37.404948,37.405096,37.405321,37.405563,37.405645,37.405711,37.405755,37.405815,37.405842,37.405853,37.405853,37.40587,37.406034,37.406073,37.406117,37.406171,37.406237,37.406375,37.406693,37.406809,37.406984,37.407177,37.407429,37.407726,37.408209,37.408297,37.408594,37.408742,37.408907,37.409027,37.409253,37.409324,37.409379,37.409494,37.409686,37.409999,37.410174,37.410701,37.410861,37.411201,37.411706,37.411794,37.411948,37.412079,37.412546,37.412601,37.41264,37.412673,37.412893,37.412986,37.413244,37.413376,37.413536,37.413756,37.413855,37.41391,37.41403,37.414272,37.414353,37.414426,37.414662,37.414739,37.414805,37.414871,37.415008,37.415117,37.415277,37.415447,37.415595,37.415781,37.415875,37.415957,37.416018,37.416084,37.416193,37.416369,37.416402,37.416467,37.416492,37.416864,37.417051,37.417128,37.417354,37.417464,37.417612,37.417749,37.417936,37.417953,37.417958,37.418024,37.41803,37.418058,37.418069,37.41814,37.418151,37.418151,37.418102,37.418097,37.418102,37.418366,37.418504,37.418526,37.418504,37.418372,37.418361,37.418378,37.418411,37.418373,37.418351,37.418329,37.418137,37.418016,37.417989,37.417994,37.418159,37.418181,37.418176,37.418143,37.417934,37.417885,37.417802,37.417775,37.417758,37.417775,37.41789,37.417929,37.418066,37.418116,37.418138,37.418138,37.418127,37.41805,37.418061,37.41805,37.418023,37.41782,37.417776,37.417776,37.417792,37.41821,37.418314,37.418452,37.418693,37.419171,37.419259,37.419452,37.419737,37.419951,37.420149,37.420199,37.420216,37.420256,37.420314,37.420369,37.420655,37.420781,37.420929,37.420995,37.42105,37.421248,37.421347,37.421451,37.421825,37.421984,37.422061,37.422165,37.422308,37.422858,37.422984,37.423077,37.423209,37.423297,37.423357,37.423475,37.4235,37.423588,37.423605,37.423616,37.423594,37.423616,37.423649,37.423633,37.423611,37.423462,37.423424,37.423375,37.423309,37.423232,37.423188,37.423139,37.423007,37.422991,37.422991,37.423007,37.423067,37.423067,37.423045,37.423007,37.422886,37.422815,37.422727,37.422667,37.422573,37.422414,37.422359,37.422326,37.422304,37.422233,37.422233,37.422249,37.422288,37.42248,37.422469,37.42242,37.422409,37.422425,37.422453,37.422469,37.422414,37.422392,37.422387,37.422403,37.42247,37.422552,37.422629,37.422684,37.422772,37.423206,37.423369,37.423508,37.423579,37.423898,37.424134,37.424233,37.424266,37.424667,37.424793,37.424881,37.424985,37.425029,37.425145,37.42526,37.425419,37.425513,37.425551,37.42559,37.425639,37.425837,37.425908,37.425947,37.425985,37.426095,37.426172,37.426276,37.426485,37.426496,37.42648,37.426425,37.426408,37.426456,37.426595,37.426604,37.426672,37.426727,37.426754,37.426782,37.426831,37.426925,37.427007,37.427425,37.427485,37.427523,37.427633,37.427655,37.427699,37.427721,37.42776,37.427897,37.427952,37.428078,37.42815,37.428182,37.428237,37.428408,37.428457,37.428523,37.428578,37.428666,37.428682,37.428715,37.428974,37.429006,37.429435,37.429605,37.429704,37.429825,37.429924,37.429995,37.430204,37.430248,37.430462,37.43066,37.430797,37.430929,37.431181,37.431247,37.431566,37.431698,37.431775,37.432137,37.432247,37.432368,37.432483,37.432587,37.432653,37.432725,37.432812,37.4329,37.432977,37.433049,37.433087,37.433158,37.433302,37.433428,37.433505,37.433587,37.433642,37.433664,37.433664,37.433636,37.433741,37.433851,37.434087,37.434262,37.434339,37.434394,37.434784,37.434909,37.435048,37.435251,37.435449,37.436102,37.436426,37.436629,37.436695,37.43675,37.436811,37.436926,37.436943,37.437008,37.437058,37.437107,37.437146,37.437398,37.437547,37.437612,37.437667,37.437733,37.437865,37.437969,37.438085,37.438266,37.438491,37.438639,37.438804,37.438909,37.439348,37.439507,37.440303,37.440671,37.441287,37.441644,37.442022,37.442088,37.442242,37.442292,37.442544,37.442616,37.442819,37.442962,37.443192,37.443421,37.443494,37.443549,37.443873,37.444148,37.44428,37.444318,37.444345,37.444554,37.444796,37.445361,37.44546,37.445691,37.445746,37.445834,37.445922,37.445966,37.446054,37.446081,37.446301,37.446454,37.446564,37.446647,37.446844,37.447273,37.447459,37.447591,37.447707,37.447833,37.448039,37.448186,37.448276,37.448701,37.449288,37.449502,37.449854,37.449892,37.450128,37.450293,37.450776,37.451188,37.451391,37.451518,37.451611,37.451754,37.451946,37.452133,37.452248,37.452418,37.452523,37.452847,37.452957,37.453011,37.45316,37.453204,37.453314,37.453344,37.453503,37.453727,37.454089,37.454596,37.454877,37.455255,37.455471,37.45567,37.45591,37.456593,37.457591,37.46065,37.462424,37.465566,37.469391,37.474424,37.47543,37.475597,37.475833,37.476798,37.47713,37.480601,37.485213,37.486754,37.487158,37.488226,37.49177,37.492037,37.492699,37.493359,37.500142,37.502008,37.502027,37.502814,37.503345,37.503835,37.503874,37.507918,37.508023,37.508853,37.508883,37.509031,37.509146,37.510494,37.510838,37.512855,37.513192,37.515182,37.517747,37.519522,37.520756,37.521528,37.522134,37.522258,37.523216,37.523315,37.523442,37.52348,37.523663,37.524169,37.524514,37.525771,37.525833,37.525901,37.527797,37.527924,37.527953,37.527982,37.529207,37.529321,37.533312,37.535283,37.53535,37.535413,37.535805,37.541925,37.542255,37.543842,37.546884,37.548923,37.55003,37.550273,37.550518,37.550609,37.550695,37.550788,37.550876,37.552156,37.552542,37.552642,37.552642,37.552742,37.552953,37.553108,37.553243,37.553359,37.553383,37.553409,37.553542,37.553942,37.554331,37.554668,37.554742,37.555041,37.555452,37.555543,37.556644,37.558046,37.558985,37.559004,37.559247,37.559748,37.55981,37.559822,37.56075,37.561156,37.56119,37.561198,37.561351,37.561654,37.561927,37.561931,37.561938,37.561948,37.561993,37.561996,37.562,37.562045,37.5622,37.562206,37.562214,37.563045,37.563181,37.563193,37.563233,37.563491,37.563497,37.563512,37.563538,37.563549,37.563643,37.564658,37.565559,37.567161,37.56788,37.5679,37.56792,37.568142,37.568152,37.568367,37.568942,37.568961,37.569742,37.570542,37.571149,37.571542,37.571592,37.571643,37.571752,37.572042,37.572742,37.573542,37.57391,37.574279,37.574342,37.575042,37.575642,37.576442,37.576582,37.577045,37.577052,37.577248,37.577442,37.577668,37.577893,37.578142,37.579042,37.579538,37.580042,37.580146,37.580942,37.5811,37.582042,37.582088,37.582682,37.582863,37.582996,37.583134,37.585455,37.585744,37.585863,37.586895,37.587539,37.5877,37.587932]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.719279,-78.719037,-78.718823,-78.718341,-78.718141,-78.717743,-78.717146,-78.716749,-78.716649,-78.716251,-78.716052,-78.715831,-78.715776,-78.71574,-78.715337,-78.714939,-78.714821,-78.714778,-78.714737,-78.714727,-78.714722,-78.714714,-78.714643,-78.71456,-78.714507,-78.714435,-78.714411,-78.714406,-78.714399,-78.714333,-78.714011,-78.713625,-78.713421,-78.71332,-78.713218,-78.712921,-78.712822,-78.712861,-78.712734,-78.712736,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712738,-78.712802,-78.712746,-78.712728,-78.712708,-78.712701,-78.712715,-78.712745,-78.712798,-78.712825,-78.712828,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.71284,-78.713035,-78.713235,-78.71339,-78.713407,-78.713437,-78.713535,-78.713554,-78.713563,-78.713634,-78.713635,-78.713613,-78.713609,-78.713533,-78.713433,-78.713428,-78.713433,-78.713433,-78.713478,-78.713495,-78.713537,-78.713578,-78.713609,-78.713893,-78.713899,-78.713932,-78.714231,-78.714331,-78.714531,-78.714931,-78.714931,-78.715067,-78.715075,-78.715087,-78.715131,-78.715331,-78.715431,-78.715531,-78.715642,-78.715654,-78.715731,-78.71613,-78.71623,-78.71633,-78.716529,-78.716729,-78.716828,-78.717028,-78.717228,-78.717227,-78.717227,-78.717224,-78.717127,-78.717127,-78.717027,-78.717027,-78.717126,-78.717226,-78.717241,-78.71727,-78.717755,-78.717952,-78.71815,-78.718122,-78.718107,-78.71806,-78.718017,-78.718005,-78.718005,-78.718039,-78.71806,-78.718046,-78.717929,-78.717881,-78.717868,-78.71786,-78.71786,-78.717811,-78.717746,-78.717892,-78.717936,-78.718036,-78.718076,-78.718245,-78.71829,-78.718433,-78.718541,-78.718837,-78.718971,-78.719037,-78.719039,-78.719039,-78.71904,-78.718969,-78.718909,-78.71888,-78.718837,-78.718798,-78.718785,-78.718541,-78.718437,-78.718039,-78.717636,-78.717581,-78.717556,-78.717334,-78.716835,-78.716223,-78.715937,-78.715339,-78.714739,-78.71456,-78.714241,-78.714192,-78.71418,-78.714135,-78.714137,-78.71414,-78.714137,-78.714041,-78.713084,-78.713038,-78.712693,-78.712636,-78.712583,-78.712439,-78.711943,-78.711326,-78.711295,-78.711257,-78.711233,-78.711188,-78.711134,-78.711045,-78.710437,-78.710054,-78.710038,-78.709651,-78.709351,-78.708551,-78.70775,-78.707509,-78.707497,-78.707414,-78.707268,-78.707149,-78.706861,-78.70655,-78.70635,-78.70595,-78.705149,-78.704349,-78.703916,-78.703449,-78.702737,-78.702348,-78.701247,-78.700546,-78.70005,-78.700033,-78.699846,-78.698836,-78.697745,-78.697648,-78.696936,-78.696145,-78.695636,-78.695544,-78.695044,-78.694441,-78.694406,-78.694244,-78.693744,-78.693644,-78.693544,-78.693444,-78.693344,-78.693236,-78.692834,-78.69276,-78.692643,-78.692243,-78.691643,-78.691043,-78.691006,-78.690909,-78.690442,-78.690342,-78.689842,-78.689642,-78.689242,-78.689042,-78.688741,-78.688441,-78.688341,-78.688241,-78.688241,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.68824,-78.68824,-78.688239,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688339,-78.688365,-78.688373,-78.688439,-78.688639,-78.688739,-78.688879,-78.688938,-78.689017,-78.689138,-78.689238,-78.689238,-78.68937,-78.689938,-78.690337,-78.690637,-78.691037,-78.691437,-78.691837,-78.692163,-78.692436,-78.692936,-78.693236,-78.693283,-78.693374,-78.693465,-78.693536,-78.693627,-78.693936,-78.694437,-78.694737,-78.695037,-78.695237,-78.695437,-78.695637,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695645,-78.695637,-78.695537,-78.695338,-78.695137,-78.695126,-78.694937,-78.694737,-78.694678,-78.694537,-78.694337,-78.694126,-78.693937,-78.693437,-78.693137,-78.692737,-78.692137,-78.691737,-78.691337,-78.690737,-78.690537,-78.689837,-78.689037,-78.688226,-78.687636,-78.686936,-78.686336,-78.685641,-78.685338,-78.685036,-78.684757,-78.684481,-78.684459,-78.684336,-78.683468,-78.683455,-78.683336,-78.682735,-78.682723,-78.68271,-78.682601,-78.682549,-78.682525,-78.682509,-78.682484,-78.682435,-78.681635,-78.680968,-78.680435,-78.680035,-78.679534,-78.679148,-78.678634,-78.677854,-78.677838,-78.677824,-78.677783,-78.677505,-78.677134,-78.676633,-78.676233,-78.675804,-78.675433,-78.674833,-78.67434,-78.67404,-78.673938,-78.673432,-78.673336,-78.673318,-78.673309,-78.6733,-78.672944,-78.672818,-78.6727,-78.672632,-78.672631,-78.672632,-78.671369,-78.671289,-78.671257,-78.671241,-78.671228,-78.671032,-78.67102,-78.670631,-78.670031,-78.669866,-78.669857,-78.669731,-78.669569,-78.66933,-78.669144,-78.668829,-78.668804,-78.668787,-78.668239,-78.668224,-78.668214,-78.668111,-78.667628,-78.667428,-78.667228,-78.667128,-78.667028,-78.666828,-78.666716,-78.666627,-78.666427,-78.666189,-78.666127,-78.665927,-78.665727,-78.665627,-78.665504,-78.665496,-78.665326,-78.665279,-78.665226,-78.665042,-78.664702,-78.664624,-78.664547,-78.664652,-78.664701,-78.66473,-78.664712,-78.664555,-78.664359,-78.663754,-78.663317,-78.662883,-78.66248,-78.66222,-78.66163,-78.661244,-78.66087,-78.66037,-78.660141,-78.659851,-78.659838,-78.659198,-78.658714,-78.658008,-78.657322,-78.657165,-78.657048,-78.656948,-78.656928,-78.656881,-78.656751,-78.654985,-78.654235,-78.654154,-78.654086,-78.653378,-78.652997,-78.652306,-78.652176,-78.651966,-78.651399,-78.651384,-78.651341,-78.651356,-78.651372,-78.651252,-78.651133,-78.650659,-78.649736,-78.649236,-78.648236,-78.64816,-78.647976,-78.647767,-78.647736,-78.647636,-78.647591,-78.647561,-78.647238,-78.647096,-78.647084,-78.647062,-78.647036,-78.646938,-78.646732,-78.646638,-78.646551,-78.646504,-78.646446,-78.646288,-78.646277,-78.646074,-78.645937,-78.645471,-78.645238,-78.645038,-78.644938,-78.644838,-78.644738,-78.644464,-78.644381,-78.644319,-78.644257,-78.644198,-78.644187,-78.644115,-78.643868,-78.643667,-78.643599,-78.64357,-78.643506,-78.64266,-78.642632,-78.642471,-78.642402,-78.642245,-78.642049,-78.641928,-78.641874,-78.641746,-78.641695,-78.641666,-78.641428,-78.641278,-78.641181,-78.64106,-78.64102,-78.640907,-78.640852,-78.640813,-78.640795,-78.640804,-78.640788,-78.64078,-78.640784,-78.640816,-78.640831,-78.640851,-78.640891,-78.640946,-78.641019,-78.641095,-78.641125,-78.641159,-78.641214,-78.641234,-78.641381,-78.641534,-78.641634,-78.641819,-78.641834,-78.641834,-78.642034,-78.642034,-78.642134,-78.642179,-78.642234,-78.642366,-78.642434,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642699,-78.642734,-78.642755,-78.642934,-78.643135,-78.643335,-78.643435,-78.643635,-78.643735,-78.644035,-78.644235,-78.644535,-78.644935,-78.645335,-78.645635,-78.645835,-78.646053,-78.646335,-78.646581,-78.646835,-78.647111,-78.647235,-78.647353,-78.647635,-78.648135,-78.648435,-78.648635,-78.649135,-78.649635,-78.650335,-78.650935,-78.651435,-78.652235,-78.652635,-78.652935,-78.653435,-78.653832,-78.653935,-78.654035,-78.654098,-78.654135,-78.654203,-78.654835,-78.654935,-78.655135,-78.655435,-78.655735,-78.655935,-78.655935,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655735,-78.655535,-78.655449,-78.655335,-78.654935,-78.654735,-78.654635,-78.654335,-78.654235,-78.654132,-78.654138,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654335,-78.654335,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654503,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654635,-78.654636,-78.654636,-78.654536,-78.654536,-78.654436,-78.654436,-78.65427,-78.654234,-78.654136,-78.654111,-78.654093,-78.654058,-78.654054,-78.654034,-78.653937,-78.653882,-78.653829,-78.653761,-78.653676,-78.653636,-78.653235,-78.653136,-78.652836,-78.652635,-78.652335,-78.651987,-78.651936,-78.651736,-78.65157,-78.651236,-78.650835,-78.649935,-78.649435,-78.649035,-78.648935,-78.648575,-78.648535,-78.648053,-78.647935,-78.647535,-78.647335,-78.647035,-78.646734,-78.646635,-78.646434,-78.645734,-78.645535,-78.645535,-78.645475,-78.645455,-78.645435,-78.645418,-78.64541,-78.645385,-78.645335,-78.645235,-78.645135,-78.645135,-78.645085,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644835,-78.644635,-78.644581,-78.644572,-78.644535,-78.644233,-78.644035,-78.643935,-78.643884,-78.643835,-78.643735,-78.643736,-78.64373,-78.643727,-78.64369,-78.643651,-78.64364,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643692,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643836,-78.643918,-78.643702,-78.642722,-78.64167,-78.640531,-78.639363,-78.637639,-78.63526,-78.633821,-78.632297,-78.631001,-78.629193,-78.627997,-78.626658,-78.625489,-78.62395,-78.622311,-78.62053,-78.619164,-78.618422,-78.616798,-78.61563,-78.613919,-78.612023,-78.609613,-78.607131,-78.605434,-78.600997,-78.597317,-78.59485,-78.593394,-78.591511,-78.591029,-78.590426,-78.589385,-78.588514,-78.587373,-78.586977,-78.586118,-78.585448,-78.584832,-78.584406,-78.583079,-78.582152,-78.58141,-78.580797,-78.580227,-78.579499,-78.579028,-78.57883,-78.577932,-78.576605,-78.576014,-78.575259,-78.574886,-78.574082,-78.57388,-78.573711,-78.573155,-78.572243,-78.571237,-78.571158,-78.570146,-78.569416,-78.568789,-78.568693,-78.568449,-78.56507,-78.562674,-78.560948,-78.560307,-78.559608,-78.558781,-78.557854,-78.557089,-78.556713,-78.555694,-78.555101,-78.552263,-78.550638,-78.550138,-78.548854,-78.54797,-78.547256,-78.546543,-78.545573,-78.544774,-78.544047,-78.543661,-78.543262,-78.54272,-78.542418,-78.542249,-78.541393,-78.540593,-78.539267,-78.537727,-78.536571,-78.534859,-78.530322,-78.525543,-78.523389,-78.520337,-78.515701,-78.512848,-78.511991,-78.51048,-78.509093,-78.50874,-78.505516,-78.501537,-78.49954,-78.497714,-78.497537,-78.496601,-78.495788,-78.495431,-78.495331,-78.495388,-78.496344,-78.497114,-78.498075,-78.498612,-78.498855,-78.498783,-78.498416,-78.498394,-78.498269,-78.496659,-78.49657,-78.495478,-78.494996,-78.493726,-78.491801,-78.491455,-78.491345,-78.491027,-78.490135,-78.489412,-78.489105,-78.488687,-78.48789,-78.487031,-78.486707,-78.486435,-78.485817,-78.485718,-78.485228,-78.484687,-78.484576,-78.484161,-78.483732,-78.483335,-78.483019,-78.482897,-78.482872,-78.482555,-78.482268,-78.481681,-78.481329,-78.481287,-78.481262,-78.481194,-78.480871,-78.480818,-78.480656,-78.480593,-78.479955,-78.478597,-78.477904,-78.477345,-78.476609,-78.475799,-78.475001,-78.474577,-78.474253,-78.474082,-78.473728,-78.473313,-78.472339,-78.471644,-78.471028,-78.470751,-78.47065,-78.470597,-78.470589,-78.470155,-78.469587,-78.46943,-78.469415,-78.469212,-78.469008,-78.468742,-78.467806,-78.467795,-78.4677,-78.467063,-78.466641,-78.465936,-78.465779,-78.465176,-78.464947,-78.464149,-78.463499,-78.462946,-78.46247,-78.462238,-78.462225,-78.462199,-78.461544,-78.460919,-78.460201,-78.459812,-78.458821,-78.457972,-78.456866,-78.455752,-78.454772,-78.453792,-78.453016,-78.45228,-78.451728,-78.451308,-78.450887,-78.450363,-78.450274,-78.44987,-78.449182,-78.44903,-78.448729,-78.448691,-78.448317,-78.447909,-78.447854,-78.44757,-78.447252,-78.446713,-78.446485,-78.446339,-78.445834,-78.445648,-78.445337,-78.445074,-78.444811,-78.44432,-78.444202,-78.444106,-78.443836,-78.443837,-78.443786,-78.44377,-78.443733,-78.443505,-78.443283,-78.44313,-78.442862,-78.442599,-78.442288,-78.441928,-78.441368,-78.440994,-78.440434,-78.440245,-78.440136,-78.440068,-78.439231,-78.439155,-78.439086,-78.439093,-78.439203,-78.439487,-78.439542,-78.439549,-78.439528,-78.439466,-78.439307,-78.439093,-78.438984,-78.438966,-78.43883,-78.438648,-78.438498,-78.438429,-78.43818,-78.438014,-78.437723,-78.437398,-78.437101,-78.436956,-78.436885,-78.436861,-78.436327,-78.436092,-78.435801,-78.435656,-78.435193,-78.4349,-78.434273,-78.433768,-78.431659,-78.430899,-78.43077,-78.430103,-78.429894,-78.429861,-78.429654,-78.429488,-78.42805,-78.427552,-78.425741,-78.42489,-78.424826,-78.424665,-78.424579,-78.424254,-78.423072,-78.422339,-78.422201,-78.422111,-78.42117,-78.420998,-78.420928,-78.420555,-78.420099,-78.419974,-78.419555,-78.419338,-78.418819,-78.41855,-78.4179,-78.417347,-78.416759,-78.416441,-78.416095,-78.414796,-78.414374,-78.413434,-78.412991,-78.41286,-78.412735,-78.412507,-78.412424,-78.41185,-78.411456,-78.411145,-78.410246,-78.409921,-78.409603,-78.409271,-78.408974,-78.40885,-78.408746,-78.408619,-78.408549,-78.408472,-78.408392,-78.408278,-78.408266,-78.408085,-78.407946,-78.407889,-78.407734,-78.407676,-78.407652,-78.407481,-78.407352,-78.406931,-78.40656,-78.4062,-78.406036,-78.405978,-78.405758,-78.405682,-78.405596,-78.405455,-78.405292,-78.404604,-78.403995,-78.403732,-78.403554,-78.403192,-78.40301,-78.402919,-78.402561,-78.402254,-78.402122,-78.401464,-78.401196,-78.400793,-78.400567,-78.400295,-78.399886,-78.399803,-78.399731,-78.399551,-78.399021,-78.398697,-78.398626,-78.39861,-78.398446,-78.398397,-78.397761,-78.397217,-78.397126,-78.397036,-78.396992,-78.396902,-78.396814,-78.396144,-78.3961,-78.396011,-78.395922,-78.395385,-78.395329,-78.395297,-78.395117,-78.395029,-78.394676,-78.394499,-78.39428,-78.394225,-78.394079,-78.394036,-78.393862,-78.393819,-78.393732,-78.393558,-78.393384,-78.393251,-78.393208,-78.393164,-78.39312,-78.393076,-78.392988,-78.392679,-78.392635,-78.39247,-78.392281,-78.392192,-78.391971,-78.391883,-78.391839,-78.391662,-78.391529,-78.391328,-78.390643,-78.390632,-78.390581,-78.390294,-78.390101,-78.390007,-78.390004,-78.389877,-78.389729,-78.389398,-78.389031,-78.388948,-78.388785,-78.388619,-78.388538,-78.388453,-78.388247,-78.387914,-78.387786,-78.387698,-78.387657,-78.38699,-78.386829,-78.386837,-78.386312,-78.385462,-78.385096,-78.38448,-78.384168,-78.384149,-78.384106,-78.384086,-78.383837,-78.383444,-78.383418,-78.383091,-78.38224,-78.381742,-78.381556,-78.381355,-78.380297,-78.380104,-78.379751,-78.379724,-78.379122,-78.379039,-78.378963,-78.378894,-78.378866,-78.378797,-78.37864,-78.378617,-78.378223,-78.377787,-78.377638,-78.377476,-78.377234,-78.376923,-78.376852,-78.375762,-78.375623,-78.37549,-78.375472,-78.375057,-78.374725,-78.374252,-78.374169,-78.374017,-78.373906,-78.373836,-78.37357,-78.373304,-78.3732,-78.373182,-78.37298,-78.372648,-78.372461,-78.371984,-78.371175,-78.370843,-78.370539,-78.370421,-78.370201,-78.369868,-78.36966,-78.369557,-78.369467,-78.36901,-78.368872,-78.367994,-78.367248,-78.367089,-78.366369,-78.366328,-78.366228,-78.366171,-78.366128,-78.365775,-78.365616,-78.365491,-78.365395,-78.36533,-78.365281,-78.364945,-78.364822,-78.364676,-78.364605,-78.364556,-78.364545,-78.364482,-78.364233,-78.363991,-78.363949,-78.363645,-78.363541,-78.363431,-78.363368,-78.363334,-78.363188,-78.36287,-78.362787,-78.362759,-78.362725,-78.362662,-78.362385,-78.362282,-78.362192,-78.361894,-78.361763,-78.361569,-78.361495,-78.361474,-78.361334,-78.361147,-78.360788,-78.360663,-78.360159,-78.359827,-78.359529,-78.359032,-78.35884,-78.358631,-78.35843,-78.358358,-78.358299,-78.358219,-78.358098,-78.358088,-78.357905,-78.357739,-78.356929,-78.356203,-78.355996,-78.35594,-78.355864,-78.355803,-78.355312,-78.354676,-78.354585,-78.353906,-78.353787,-78.35365,-78.353109,-78.352496,-78.352166,-78.352077,-78.351572,-78.351449,-78.350885,-78.350271,-78.349596,-78.349335,-78.34897,-78.348873,-78.348777,-78.348567,-78.348445,-78.348092,-78.347954,-78.347588,-78.347042,-78.346924,-78.3468,-78.346191,-78.346032,-78.345894,-78.345555,-78.345417,-78.345223,-78.34517,-78.345133,-78.344836,-78.344787,-78.344566,-78.344228,-78.343951,-78.343184,-78.343018,-78.342693,-78.342499,-78.34178,-78.341552,-78.34142,-78.340605,-78.340087,-78.339949,-78.33981,-78.339015,-78.338842,-78.338386,-78.338089,-78.337985,-78.33766,-78.337328,-78.336782,-78.336527,-78.336333,-78.33605,-78.335621,-78.335434,-78.335061,-78.334874,-78.33475,-78.334612,-78.334501,-78.334391,-78.334066,-78.334027,-78.333344,-78.333225,-78.332925,-78.332344,-78.332225,-78.332019,-78.331725,-78.331625,-78.331025,-78.330757,-78.33064,-78.330521,-78.330425,-78.329525,-78.329025,-78.328925,-78.328825,-78.328684,-78.327325,-78.326566,-78.32654,-78.326512,-78.326225,-78.32495,-78.324725,-78.324387,-78.324336,-78.3243,-78.324226,-78.325277,-78.325324,-78.32543,-78.325627,-78.325738,-78.325877,-78.326154,-78.326411,-78.326586,-78.326725,-78.326744,-78.326929,-78.327106,-78.32722,-78.327345,-78.327362,-78.327373,-78.327366,-78.327303,-78.32731,-78.327333,-78.327371,-78.327423,-78.32749,-78.327606,-78.327748,-78.327902,-78.328106,-78.328535,-78.329109,-78.329552,-78.330182,-78.330318,-78.330499,-78.330996,-78.331086,-78.33113,-78.331401,-78.331807,-78.33253,-78.33289,-78.333285,-78.333772,-78.334399,-78.334896,-78.335067,-78.335346,-78.33594,-78.336477,-78.336785,-78.337301,-78.337388,-78.337469,-78.337515,-78.337564,-78.3378,-78.337842,-78.338196,-78.33917,-78.339214,-78.33948,-78.339746,-78.340011,-78.340055,-78.340143,-78.340316,-78.340359,-78.340576,-78.340642,-78.340705,-78.340791,-78.340834,-78.340921,-78.341008,-78.341051,-78.341138,-78.341437,-78.34148,-78.341521,-78.341646,-78.341688,-78.34173,-78.341861,-78.341903,-78.34199,-78.342254,-78.342428,-78.342558,-78.342601,-78.342774,-78.34286,-78.343243,-78.3435,-78.343585,-78.343627,-78.34371,-78.343836,-78.343877,-78.34392,-78.344007,-78.344049,-78.34409,-78.344133,-78.344217,-78.34426,-78.344301,-78.344387,-78.344429,-78.344472,-78.344514,-78.344603,-78.344693,-78.344846,-78.345616,-78.345881,-78.346189,-78.346613,-78.346743,-78.34705,-78.347137,-78.347265,-78.347351,-78.347525,-78.347612,-78.347879,-78.348011,-78.348099,-78.348234,-78.348324,-78.348544,-78.348626,-78.348926,-78.349093,-78.349394,-78.349477,-78.349734,-78.350437,-78.350704,-78.351063,-78.351105,-78.351281,-78.351542,-78.351709,-78.351747,-78.351913,-78.351951,-78.352192,-78.352274,-78.352836,-78.353209,-78.353329,-78.353666,-78.353739,-78.353766,-78.353822,-78.353847,-78.353878,-78.353958,-78.354011,-78.35413,-78.354173,-78.35453,-78.354708,-78.35505,-78.355131,-78.355175,-78.355418,-78.355496,-78.355687,-78.355911,-78.356015,-78.356175,-78.356255,-78.356387,-78.356511,-78.356616,-78.356768,-78.35684,-78.357103,-78.35717,-78.357502,-78.357696,-78.357857,-78.357982,-78.358112,-78.358291,-78.358473,-78.358608,-78.358692,-78.358847,-78.359036,-78.359283,-78.359484,-78.359672,-78.359788,-78.3599,-78.359967,-78.360024,-78.360149,-78.360375,-78.360426,-78.360493,-78.360548,-78.360584,-78.360592,-78.360583,-78.360548,-78.360489,-78.360465,-78.360424,-78.360408,-78.360368,-78.360284,-78.360261,-78.360247,-78.36025,-78.360243,-78.360243,-78.360235,-78.360244,-78.360246,-78.360238,-78.360253,-78.360236,-78.360265,-78.360284,-78.360288,-78.360349,-78.360374,-78.360386,-78.360383,-78.360365,-78.360343,-78.360302,-78.360251,-78.360205,-78.360125,-78.360089,-78.360032,-78.359966,-78.359875,-78.359803,-78.359728,-78.359702,-78.359699,-78.359702,-78.359749,-78.359762,-78.359883,-78.359977,-78.360082,-78.360241,-78.360335,-78.360442,-78.360482,-78.360513,-78.360668,-78.360702,-78.360892,-78.360964,-78.361004,-78.361037,-78.361114,-78.361256,-78.361408,-78.361477,-78.361518,-78.361588,-78.361807,-78.361874,-78.362019,-78.362084,-78.362119,-78.362184,-78.362307,-78.36246,-78.362538,-78.362589,-78.362662,-78.362669,-78.36274,-78.362803,-78.362877,-78.363043,-78.363192,-78.363238,-78.363329,-78.363418,-78.363461,-78.363543,-78.363577,-78.363691,-78.363953,-78.364125,-78.364156,-78.364261,-78.364299,-78.364548,-78.36478,-78.364951,-78.365025,-78.365129,-78.365208,-78.365354,-78.36545,-78.36549,-78.365534,-78.36558,-78.365625,-78.365799,-78.365933,-78.366068,-78.366205,-78.366296,-78.36652,-78.366703,-78.366792,-78.366999,-78.367124,-78.367624,-78.367836,-78.36788,-78.368048,-78.368202,-78.368438,-78.368653,-78.368716,-78.368769,-78.368788,-78.368819,-78.368837,-78.368847,-78.368864,-78.368889,-78.36894,-78.368958,-78.368972,-78.369008,-78.369139,-78.369166,-78.36926,-78.369377,-78.369501,-78.369545,-78.369702,-78.369789,-78.369874,-78.370237,-78.370282,-78.370416,-78.370677,-78.37093,-78.371019,-78.371109,-78.371292,-78.371611,-78.371837,-78.371972,-78.372146,-78.372187,-78.372654,-78.373017,-78.373096,-78.373209,-78.373279,-78.373414,-78.373473,-78.373691,-78.373941,-78.374068,-78.374179,-78.37431,-78.374368,-78.374616,-78.374713,-78.374864,-78.374905,-78.375162,-78.375257,-78.375351,-78.375597,-78.376103,-78.376431,-78.376725,-78.376765,-78.37695,-78.377093,-78.377241,-78.377382,-78.377475,-78.377549,-78.377585,-78.377607,-78.377632,-78.377693,-78.377703,-78.377722,-78.377738,-78.377813,-78.377843,-78.377857,-78.377891,-78.377943,-78.377994,-78.378058,-78.378138,-78.378181,-78.378269,-78.378359,-78.37845,-78.378541,-78.37861,-78.378635,-78.378666,-78.378738,-78.378779,-78.379066,-78.379186,-78.37923,-78.379315,-78.379403,-78.379449,-78.379505,-78.379541,-78.379582,-78.379654,-78.379885,-78.379958,-78.380338,-78.380373,-78.381009,-78.381331,-78.382018,-78.382888,-78.383015,-78.383047,-78.383191,-78.383364,-78.383691,-78.383976,-78.384211,-78.384736,-78.384989,-78.385205,-78.385787,-78.386288,-78.386457,-78.386859,-78.387066,-78.387443,-78.38762,-78.387658,-78.3877,-78.387735,-78.387818,-78.387852,-78.388021,-78.388061,-78.388283,-78.38869,-78.388871,-78.389188,-78.389322,-78.389496,-78.389623,-78.389779,-78.389847,-78.389993,-78.390588,-78.39076,-78.39115,-78.391166,-78.391478,-78.392465,-78.392928,-78.393398,-78.393769,-78.394071,-78.394332,-78.394465,-78.394735,-78.39546,-78.395505,-78.39555,-78.396001,-78.396227,-78.396407,-78.396539,-78.396711,-78.396922,-78.397338,-78.397425,-78.397591,-78.398112,-78.398377,-78.398602,-78.398782,-78.398827,-78.39896,-78.399135,-78.39926,-78.399418,-78.399558,-78.399642,-78.399661,-78.399686,-78.399697,-78.399715,-78.399787,-78.399893,-78.400004,-78.400247,-78.400372,-78.400421,-78.400445,-78.400475,-78.400537,-78.400673,-78.400828,-78.400937,-78.400968,-78.401072,-78.40122,-78.401762,-78.401938,-78.402031,-78.402278,-78.402559,-78.402787,-78.403301,-78.403589,-78.403798,-78.403841,-78.403925,-78.404776,-78.404863,-78.405289,-78.405461,-78.405756,-78.406003,-78.406598,-78.406709,-78.406877,-78.407523,-78.407709,-78.407979,-78.408254,-78.408435,-78.408664,-78.408788,-78.408862,-78.408904,-78.409218,-78.409294,-78.409374,-78.409604,-78.409791,-78.410076,-78.410346,-78.410437,-78.410582,-78.410862,-78.411127,-78.411181,-78.411212,-78.411382,-78.411434,-78.411524,-78.41173,-78.411923,-78.4121,-78.412334,-78.412604,-78.412833,-78.41301,-78.413191,-78.413261,-78.413326,-78.413415,-78.413546,-78.413631,-78.413711,-78.414083,-78.414254,-78.414384,-78.414562,-78.414878,-78.415059,-78.415562,-78.416332,-78.416638,-78.416771,-78.417084,-78.417128,-78.417218,-78.417262,-78.417757,-78.417891,-78.418643,-78.418687,-78.418818,-78.418906,-78.419299,-78.419553,-78.419707,-78.419798,-78.419915,-78.420027,-78.420132,-78.420232,-78.420291,-78.420364,-78.420485,-78.420584,-78.42066,-78.420712,-78.420726,-78.420723,-78.420728,-78.420705,-78.420687,-78.420652,-78.420566,-78.420501,-78.420443,-78.420365,-78.420282,-78.420065,-78.419386,-78.419039,-78.418339,-78.41816,-78.417893,-78.417672,-78.417628,-78.417541,-78.417454,-78.417191,-78.417146,-78.417058,-78.416968,-78.416879,-78.416746,-78.416523,-78.416433,-78.4163,-78.416215,-78.416097,-78.415987,-78.415885,-78.415792,-78.415592,-78.415552,-78.415503,-78.415428,-78.415414,-78.415417,-78.415439,-78.415466,-78.415547,-78.415591,-78.415701,-78.415813,-78.415849,-78.415966,-78.41618,-78.416283,-78.416308,-78.41634,-78.416394,-78.416431,-78.416432,-78.416409,-78.416392,-78.416367,-78.416335,-78.416256,-78.415936,-78.415877,-78.415745,-78.415419,-78.415286,-78.415164,-78.415085,-78.415039,-78.415034,-78.415041,-78.415064,-78.415122,-78.415174,-78.415263,-78.415344,-78.415379,-78.415455,-78.415536,-78.415661,-78.415747,-78.415789,-78.415907,-78.41602,-78.416343,-78.416473,-78.416543,-78.416736,-78.416792,-78.416972,-78.417193,-78.417268,-78.417334,-78.417592,-78.41766,-78.417718,-78.417828,-78.417998,-78.418174,-78.418389,-78.418696,-78.419251,-78.41964,-78.419685,-78.419729,-78.41977,-78.419945,-78.419986,-78.420073,-78.420283,-78.420448,-78.420684,-78.420854,-78.420914,-78.420938,-78.420975,-78.421007,-78.421027,-78.421033,-78.421023,-78.420977,-78.4209,-78.420846,-78.420813,-78.420727,-78.420653,-78.420591,-78.420554,-78.420436,-78.42026,-78.420171,-78.420126,-78.419796,-78.419762,-78.419789,-78.419817,-78.419879,-78.42001,-78.420031,-78.419907,-78.4199,-78.419935,-78.419997,-78.420052,-78.42017,-78.420245,-78.420404,-78.420563,-78.420702,-78.420805,-78.420943,-78.421075,-78.421192,-78.421358,-78.421897,-78.422021,-78.42238,-78.422602,-78.423589,-78.423769,-78.423942,-78.424108,-78.42437,-78.42446,-78.424536,-78.425033,-78.425234,-78.42533,-78.425517,-78.425683,-78.426035,-78.426401,-78.426464,-78.42656,-78.426885,-78.427403,-78.42777,-78.428461,-78.428612,-78.428604,-78.428591,-78.428579,-78.428584,-78.428573,-78.428547,-78.42851,-78.428388,-78.428223,-78.428042,-78.427966,-78.427804,-78.427612,-78.427542,-78.427485,-78.4274,-78.42716,-78.427116,-78.427076,-78.427053,-78.427048,-78.42706,-78.427084,-78.427118,-78.427163,-78.427233,-78.427318,-78.427449,-78.427708,-78.427903,-78.428041,-78.428133,-78.427499,-78.427453,-78.427008,-78.426921,-78.426872,-78.42665,-78.426594,-78.426596,-78.426585,-78.426582,-78.426611,-78.426711,-78.426747,-78.426875,-78.426908,-78.426915,-78.426921,-78.426916,-78.426903,-78.426901,-78.426868,-78.42668,-78.426627,-78.426608,-78.42656,-78.426471,-78.426392,-78.426307,-78.426087,-78.425907,-78.425542,-78.424904,-78.424221,-78.423726,-78.423637,-78.423592,-78.423459,-78.423286,-78.423133,-78.422696,-78.422399,-78.422172,-78.421866,-78.421786,-78.42171,-78.421587,-78.421549,-78.421384,-78.421126,-78.420293,-78.420166,-78.41992,-78.41978,-78.41975,-78.419673,-78.419628,-78.419615,-78.419613,-78.419644,-78.419693,-78.419754,-78.419826,-78.419857,-78.420001,-78.420057,-78.420276,-78.420955,-78.421152,-78.421671,-78.422065,-78.422407,-78.422512,-78.422611,-78.422821,-78.422901,-78.423007,-78.423059,-78.423091,-78.423116,-78.423122,-78.423118,-78.423082,-78.423056,-78.422977,-78.422836,-78.422459,-78.422324,-78.422207,-78.4221,-78.422023,-78.421776,-78.421697,-78.421654,-78.421539,-78.421504,-78.421446,-78.421381,-78.421338,-78.421332,-78.421324,-78.421343,-78.421359,-78.421427,-78.421523,-78.421598,-78.421748,-78.421928,-78.422155,-78.4222,-78.422564,-78.422609,-78.4227,-78.422791,-78.423245,-78.423517,-78.423606,-78.423692,-78.423848,-78.424064,-78.424131,-78.424168,-78.424332,-78.424619,-78.424926,-78.425087,-78.425196,-78.4256,-78.42671,-78.426912,-78.42703,-78.427317,-78.427611,-78.427782,-78.42791,-78.428127,-78.42817,-78.428301,-78.428434,-78.428614,-78.428841,-78.429289,-78.42951,-78.429553,-78.429642,-78.429729,-78.430217,-78.43053,-78.430804,-78.43139,-78.432384,-78.433015,-78.433242,-78.433377,-78.433467,-78.433734,-78.433774,-78.433859,-78.434396,-78.434565,-78.434771,-78.434938,-78.435204,-78.435547,-78.435665,-78.435924,-78.435992,-78.436086,-78.436167,-78.436241,-78.436303,-78.436375,-78.436409,-78.436428,-78.436431,-78.436426,-78.436411,-78.436381,-78.436364,-78.43634,-78.436307,-78.436233,-78.436109,-78.436027,-78.435912,-78.435642,-78.435388,-78.435141,-78.434728,-78.434374,-78.434335,-78.43391,-78.433811,-78.433658,-78.433601,-78.433568,-78.433511,-78.433261,-78.433058,-78.432353,-78.431266,-78.431115,-78.429837,-78.429642,-78.429265,-78.429048,-78.429019,-78.428861,-78.428771,-78.428575,-78.428508,-78.428452,-78.428405,-78.428282,-78.428232,-78.428171,-78.428141,-78.428145,-78.428173,-78.428219,-78.428275,-78.428369,-78.428449,-78.42887,-78.428926,-78.42896,-78.429049,-78.429073,-78.429132,-78.429204,-78.42927,-78.429561,-78.429647,-78.429727,-78.429818,-78.429923,-78.430157,-78.430357,-78.43053,-78.430754,-78.430799,-78.430888,-78.431022,-78.431112,-78.4312,-78.43143,-78.431473,-78.431649,-78.431991,-78.432325,-78.432405,-78.432657,-78.432936,-78.433047,-78.433117,-78.433279,-78.433332,-78.433454,-78.433591,-78.433639,-78.434006,-78.434245,-78.434293,-78.434601,-78.434718,-78.43475,-78.434823,-78.434972,-78.435292,-78.435377,-78.435437,-78.435466,-78.435536,-78.435627,-78.435716,-78.435802,-78.43599,-78.436079,-78.436275,-78.43663,-78.436856,-78.437009,-78.437378,-78.437504,-78.43768,-78.437814,-78.437904,-78.43804,-78.438252,-78.438291,-78.438373,-78.438523,-78.438627,-78.438723,-78.438749,-78.438813,-78.438866,-78.439037,-78.439089,-78.439174,-78.43936,-78.439428,-78.439641,-78.440183,-78.440217,-78.440255,-78.440328,-78.440519,-78.440648,-78.440775,-78.440915,-78.441241,-78.441277,-78.441459,-78.441828,-78.441862,-78.441979,-78.442068,-78.442167,-78.442258,-78.442542,-78.443133,-78.443351,-78.443429,-78.443612,-78.443682,-78.443816,-78.44401,-78.444154,-78.444347,-78.444526,-78.444594,-78.444731,-78.444776,-78.444849,-78.444877,-78.444915,-78.444965,-78.445107,-78.445304,-78.445386,-78.445581,-78.445705,-78.445836,-78.446015,-78.446195,-78.44642,-78.447867,-78.447883,-78.44809,-78.448441,-78.449192,-78.44941,-78.449618,-78.449741,-78.449778,-78.449859,-78.449895,-78.449935,-78.449975,-78.450198,-78.450343,-78.450664,-78.450923,-78.451103,-78.451437,-78.45168,-78.45197,-78.452367,-78.452392,-78.452434,-78.452507,-78.452644,-78.452771,-78.452809,-78.452928,-78.453015,-78.453104,-78.45324,-78.453329,-78.453461,-78.453674,-78.453756,-78.454046,-78.454086,-78.45417,-78.454305,-78.454415,-78.454446,-78.454529,-78.454551,-78.454659,-78.454692,-78.454706,-78.454702,-78.454674,-78.454645,-78.454603,-78.454552,-78.454507,-78.454363,-78.45295,-78.452135,-78.452039,-78.451932,-78.451912,-78.451883,-78.451877,-78.451892,-78.451932,-78.451954,-78.452004,-78.452064,-78.452424,-78.452564,-78.453238,-78.453371,-78.453435,-78.453568,-78.453661,-78.453732,-78.453834,-78.453923,-78.454016,-78.454072,-78.454079,-78.454105,-78.45411,-78.454134,-78.454139,-78.454163,-78.454155,-78.454135,-78.454122,-78.454071,-78.454034,-78.45395,-78.453816,-78.45368,-78.453003,-78.452777,-78.452507,-78.451836,-78.451748,-78.451615,-78.451481,-78.451391,-78.451084,-78.450837,-78.450717,-78.450603,-78.450493,-78.450243,-78.450155,-78.450104,-78.449994,-78.449786,-78.44966,-78.449528,-78.449517,-78.449414,-78.449375,-78.449309,-78.449263,-78.44925,-78.44925,-78.44926,-78.449292,-78.449302,-78.44931,-78.449331,-78.449364,-78.449384,-78.449421,-78.449439,-78.449532,-78.449622,-78.4497,-78.44988,-78.450082,-78.450153,-78.450185,-78.450611,-78.45097,-78.451176,-78.451507,-78.45172,-78.452052,-78.452716,-78.452918,-78.452961,-78.453042,-78.453085,-78.453295,-78.453381,-78.453422,-78.453508,-78.453763,-78.454539,-78.454931,-78.454976,-78.456548,-78.45658,-78.457378,-78.457762,-78.457846,-78.457933,-78.457975,-78.458237,-78.45868,-78.458856,-78.46042,-78.460782,-78.461004,-78.46109,-78.461331,-78.461484,-78.461565,-78.461751,-78.461927,-78.461989,-78.462074,-78.462176,-78.462416,-78.46262,-78.462904,-78.463107,-78.463174,-78.463247,-78.463423,-78.463718,-78.464029,-78.464084,-78.464291,-78.464379,-78.464515,-78.464695,-78.464889,-78.464948,-78.465004,-78.465021,-78.465031,-78.465026,-78.464992,-78.464948,-78.464933,-78.46496,-78.464972,-78.464984,-78.465008,-78.465014,-78.46505,-78.465122,-78.465183,-78.465234,-78.465254,-78.465337,-78.465401,-78.465504,-78.465717,-78.46583,-78.465984,-78.466185,-78.466308,-78.466351,-78.46653,-78.466711,-78.466801,-78.466889,-78.467027,-78.467064,-78.467163,-78.467281,-78.467552,-78.467786,-78.467825,-78.467867,-78.467967,-78.46801,-78.468038,-78.468217,-78.468254,-78.468397,-78.468439,-78.46857,-78.46866,-78.468751,-78.469383,-78.469746,-78.469927,-78.470108,-78.470371,-78.470583,-78.470708,-78.471532,-78.471898,-78.472097,-78.472249,-78.472282,-78.472355,-78.472547,-78.472747,-78.472872,-78.473165,-78.473352,-78.473517,-78.473624,-78.473752,-78.473792,-78.473968,-78.474283,-78.474507,-78.474596,-78.474818,-78.47495,-78.475025,-78.475203,-78.475292,-78.475784,-78.47592,-78.476234,-78.476362,-78.476529,-78.477028,-78.477146,-78.477226,-78.477398,-78.477578,-78.477712,-78.477757,-78.477847,-78.478205,-78.478294,-78.478384,-78.478784,-78.478919,-78.478964,-78.479053,-78.479458,-78.479899,-78.480246,-78.480415,-78.480739,-78.480817,-78.480859,-78.480896,-78.480977,-78.481348,-78.481686,-78.481805,-78.481849,-78.48193,-78.481973,-78.482017,-78.482108,-78.482147,-78.482182,-78.482421,-78.482598,-78.482933,-78.482966,-78.483023,-78.483154,-78.483178,-78.483246,-78.483268,-78.483371,-78.48341,-78.48354,-78.483579,-78.483644,-78.483863,-78.484169,-78.484492,-78.484616,-78.484745,-78.484826,-78.484927,-78.484965,-78.485087,-78.485502,-78.48567,-78.48606,-78.486238,-78.486327,-78.486451,-78.486525,-78.486553,-78.48662,-78.486636,-78.486666,-78.486687,-78.486679,-78.486647,-78.486585,-78.486529,-78.486501,-78.486461,-78.486393,-78.486241,-78.486183,-78.486025,-78.485923,-78.485704,-78.485319,-78.485288,-78.485216,-78.485099,-78.485043,-78.485029,-78.48499,-78.484979,-78.484931,-78.484907,-78.484892,-78.484885,-78.48486,-78.484853,-78.484839,-78.484817,-78.484761,-78.484737,-78.484728,-78.484728,-78.484791,-78.484818,-78.484879,-78.484957,-78.485001,-78.485091,-78.485635,-78.48613,-78.486264,-78.486351,-78.486395,-78.486568,-78.486612,-78.486828,-78.487201,-78.487675,-78.4878,-78.487926,-78.487969,-78.488009,-78.488141,-78.488229,-78.488449,-78.488618,-78.488763,-78.488866,-78.488975,-78.48904,-78.489108,-78.48916,-78.489175,-78.489211,-78.489221,-78.489234,-78.489241,-78.489195,-78.489158,-78.489069,-78.488992,-78.48893,-78.488904,-78.48881,-78.488742,-78.488612,-78.48818,-78.488031,-78.487772,-78.487635,-78.487482,-78.487246,-78.487182,-78.487124,-78.486729,-78.486572,-78.486337,-78.486281,-78.486269,-78.486228,-78.486139,-78.48611,-78.486005,-78.485974,-78.485896,-78.485866,-78.485809,-78.485687,-78.485598,-78.485558,-78.485357,-78.485179,-78.485146,-78.485007,-78.484908,-78.484806,-78.484737,-78.484686,-78.484651,-78.484654,-78.484648,-78.484652,-78.48468,-78.484722,-78.484756,-78.484911,-78.484928,-78.484935,-78.484925,-78.484923,-78.484938,-78.48496,-78.484991,-78.485033,-78.485123,-78.485259,-78.48535,-78.485393,-78.48543,-78.485461,-78.485515,-78.485541,-78.485549,-78.485578,-78.485635,-78.485739,-78.485836,-78.48595,-78.486078,-78.486168,-78.486259,-78.486486,-78.487111,-78.487155,-78.487245,-78.487333,-78.487463,-78.487587,-78.487665,-78.487737,-78.487836,-78.487892,-78.488162,-78.48829,-78.488372,-78.488465,-78.488607,-78.48896,-78.489041,-78.489592,-78.489933,-78.490402,-78.490816,-78.491135,-78.491363,-78.491674,-78.492086,-78.492456,-78.49291,-78.493027,-78.493275,-78.493654,-78.49421,-78.494367,-78.494535,-78.494653,-78.495021,-78.495123,-78.495221,-78.495339,-78.495383,-78.495473,-78.495654,-78.495871,-78.496004,-78.496095,-78.496184,-78.496228,-78.496268,-78.496526,-78.496643,-78.497003,-78.497131,-78.497437,-78.497616,-78.497886,-78.498158,-78.498431,-78.499295,-78.499474,-78.499555,-78.499726,-78.499953,-78.500042,-78.50021,-78.500284,-78.50037,-78.500388,-78.500467,-78.500504,-78.500722,-78.500743,-78.500753,-78.500749,-78.500722,-78.500546,-78.500527,-78.500526,-78.500424,-78.500418,-78.500418,-78.500458,-78.50045,-78.500448,-78.50043,-78.500434,-78.500427,-78.500418,-78.50041,-78.50039,-78.500393,-78.500382,-78.500383,-78.500376,-78.50037,-78.500373,-78.500369,-78.500377,-78.500372,-78.500375,-78.500392,-78.500441,-78.500493,-78.500551,-78.500559,-78.500555,-78.500547,-78.500539,-78.500547,-78.50056,-78.500582,-78.500635,-78.500714,-78.500806,-78.500873,-78.500951,-78.501032,-78.501121,-78.501257,-78.501302,-78.501432,-78.501514,-78.501631,-78.501817,-78.502008,-78.502126,-78.502208,-78.502295,-78.502471,-78.502877,-78.503104,-78.50324,-78.50355,-78.503771,-78.504113,-78.504319,-78.504434,-78.50454,-78.504842,-78.504914,-78.504994,-78.505082,-78.505219,-78.505305,-78.50547,-78.505693,-78.505795,-78.505992,-78.506022,-78.50612,-78.50633,-78.506625,-78.506983,-78.507474,-78.507711,-78.507748,-78.507883,-78.507944,-78.50811,-78.5084,-78.50873,-78.509099,-78.509168,-78.509283,-78.509339,-78.509376,-78.509386,-78.50942,-78.509462,-78.509502,-78.509507,-78.509547,-78.509556,-78.509593,-78.509639,-78.509686,-78.509704,-78.509759,-78.509783,-78.509817,-78.50994,-78.509985,-78.510074,-78.510158,-78.510198,-78.510281,-78.510477,-78.510665,-78.511019,-78.511253,-78.511507,-78.511606,-78.511629,-78.511823,-78.512306,-78.512351,-78.512593,-78.512649,-78.512685,-78.512851,-78.512883,-78.51291,-78.512922,-78.51302,-78.513063,-78.513076,-78.513078,-78.513115,-78.513136,-78.513172,-78.513366,-78.513513,-78.513587,-78.513709,-78.51389,-78.514,-78.514019,-78.514047,-78.514126,-78.514141,-78.514285,-78.514344,-78.51447,-78.514512,-78.514601,-78.514691,-78.51478,-78.51487,-78.514915,-78.51514,-78.515399,-78.515516,-78.515609,-78.515692,-78.51575,-78.515801,-78.515833,-78.515962,-78.516054,-78.516106,-78.516193,-78.516218,-78.51626,-78.51631,-78.516465,-78.516537,-78.516566,-78.516584,-78.516642,-78.516737,-78.516791,-78.517019,-78.517075,-78.517125,-78.51786,-78.517933,-78.517989,-78.518165,-78.518329,-78.518391,-78.51849,-78.518713,-78.518821,-78.518934,-78.519111,-78.519272,-78.519576,-78.519688,-78.519818,-78.51991,-78.519953,-78.520035,-78.520079,-78.520169,-78.520214,-78.52026,-78.520302,-78.52042,-78.520484,-78.520562,-78.520604,-78.520693,-78.520739,-78.520829,-78.520917,-78.521086,-78.521584,-78.521713,-78.521758,-78.521849,-78.521894,-78.521985,-78.522074,-78.522115,-78.522192,-78.522292,-78.522398,-78.522535,-78.52256,-78.522644,-78.52276,-78.522869,-78.522959,-78.523076,-78.523263,-78.523325,-78.523387,-78.523497,-78.523531,-78.52358,-78.523649,-78.523725,-78.523752,-78.523766,-78.523787,-78.524194,-78.524512,-78.524657,-78.524774,-78.525016,-78.525085,-78.525147,-78.525181,-78.525209,-78.525264,-78.52532,-78.525375,-78.525541,-78.525713,-78.525803,-78.525899,-78.526003,-78.526072,-78.526237,-78.52632,-78.526424,-78.526507,-78.526624,-78.52669,-78.527004,-78.527149,-78.527259,-78.527349,-78.527411,-78.527611,-78.527694,-78.527811,-78.528094,-78.52884,-78.529109,-78.529171,-78.529261,-78.529365,-78.529434,-78.529565,-78.529669,-78.529772,-78.5298,-78.529897,-78.530166,-78.530443,-78.53054,-78.530692,-78.531058,-78.531431,-78.531714,-78.532625,-78.533164,-78.533785,-78.534096,-78.534379,-78.534524,-78.534717,-78.534924,-78.535125,-78.53547,-78.535573,-78.535849,-78.536001,-78.536104,-78.536277,-78.536318,-78.536477,-78.536518,-78.536615,-78.536877,-78.536939,-78.537153,-78.53736,-78.537761,-78.537947,-78.538009,-78.538085,-78.538085,-78.538022,-78.537981,-78.537981,-78.537995,-78.538257,-78.538326,-78.53843,-78.538499,-78.538678,-78.53872,-78.538775,-78.538982,-78.539051,-78.539286,-78.539341,-78.539417,-78.539534,-78.539638,-78.539803,-78.539941,-78.540148,-78.540335,-78.540521,-78.540673,-78.541011,-78.542005,-78.542192,-78.542571,-78.543006,-78.543303,-78.543717,-78.543904,-78.544049,-78.544807,-78.545174,-78.54536,-78.54563,-78.54585,-78.546064,-78.546251,-78.546334,-78.546389,-78.546872,-78.546983,-78.547321,-78.547583,-78.547963,-78.548253,-78.548426,-78.548633,-78.548833,-78.548909,-78.548964,-78.549061,-78.549102,-78.54913,-78.54913,-78.549116,-78.54904,-78.548958,-78.548909,-78.548585,-78.548571,-78.548613,-78.548592,-78.548606,-78.548627,-78.548654,-78.548786,-78.549262,-78.54949,-78.549807,-78.550028,-78.550139,-78.550933,-78.551174,-78.551326,-78.551589,-78.551692,-78.551782,-78.551934,-78.552037,-78.552086,-78.552134,-78.552182,-78.552237,-78.552286,-78.552334,-78.552396,-78.552465,-78.552555,-78.552624,-78.55279,-78.552838,-78.552983,-78.553176,-78.553349,-78.553487,-78.553687,-78.553763,-78.553874,-78.553919,-78.553977,-78.554136,-78.554391,-78.554887,-78.554985,-78.55504,-78.555075,-78.555144,-78.555171,-78.555199,-78.555241,-78.555323,-78.555386,-78.555468,-78.555572,-78.555627,-78.555772,-78.555814,-78.555862,-78.556186,-78.556511,-78.556759,-78.557153,-78.557974,-78.558071,-78.558168,-78.558492,-78.55961,-78.560059,-78.56037,-78.560487,-78.56066,-78.560694,-78.56086,-78.560894,-78.56097,-78.561026,-78.561088,-78.56126,-78.561302,-78.561392,-78.561578,-78.561619,-78.56164,-78.561633,-78.561578,-78.561578,-78.561592,-78.561619,-78.561661,-78.561861,-78.561958,-78.562013,-78.562068,-78.562123,-78.562254,-78.56231,-78.562365,-78.562406,-78.562544,-78.562703,-78.56291,-78.563221,-78.563304,-78.563601,-78.563759,-78.564077,-78.564318,-78.564422,-78.564567,-78.564698,-78.564788,-78.565009,-78.565161,-78.565292,-78.565388,-78.565444,-78.565533,-78.565706,-78.566175,-78.566265,-78.566341,-78.566583,-78.566728,-78.566818,-78.5669,-78.567087,-78.567142,-78.567266,-78.56737,-78.567957,-78.568295,-78.568474,-78.568647,-78.568806,-78.568847,-78.568909,-78.568985,-78.569144,-78.569206,-78.569275,-78.569365,-78.569393,-78.569386,-78.569296,-78.569275,-78.569213,-78.569199,-78.569144,-78.569075,-78.56891,-78.568896,-78.568896,-78.568923,-78.568854,-78.568751,-78.568668,-78.568661,-78.568792,-78.568799,-78.568792,-78.568751,-78.568316,-78.568178,-78.568026,-78.567991,-78.567971,-78.567964,-78.567984,-78.568088,-78.568205,-78.568337,-78.568523,-78.568723,-78.569255,-78.569545,-78.569849,-78.570049,-78.570118,-78.570199,-78.570228,-78.570366,-78.57047,-78.570732,-78.570995,-78.571098,-78.571202,-78.571299,-78.571471,-78.571727,-78.572486,-78.572721,-78.573246,-78.573425,-78.573494,-78.573853,-78.573957,-78.574102,-78.574226,-78.574419,-78.574606,-78.574737,-78.575199,-78.575275,-78.575683,-78.575779,-78.576214,-78.576408,-78.576539,-78.576557,-78.57658,-78.577001,-78.577243,-78.577374,-78.57754,-78.57763,-78.578016,-78.578085,-78.57852,-78.578983,-78.579114,-78.579418,-78.57988,-78.580364,-78.580571,-78.580833,-78.581068,-78.581268,-78.581475,-78.581627,-78.581696,-78.581959,-78.582187,-78.582325,-78.582408,-78.582553,-78.582663,-78.583195,-78.584307,-78.585432,-78.585674,-78.585763,-78.585874,-78.586309,-78.586757,-78.586936,-78.587578,-78.587737,-78.587815,-78.588006,-78.588089,-78.588227,-78.588408,-78.588698,-78.588939,-78.589043,-78.58883,-78.588786,-78.588746,-78.588727,-78.588718,-78.588842,-78.588869,-78.588889,-78.588934,-78.588972,-78.589109,-78.589222,-78.589586,-78.59094,-78.591457,-78.592258,-78.59264,-78.593039,-78.593247,-78.593682,-78.593972,-78.59447,-78.594681,-78.595431,-78.59592,-78.596087,-78.596236,-78.596294,-78.59635,-78.596388,-78.596404,-78.5964,-78.596375,-78.596373,-78.596363,-78.596355,-78.596347,-78.596359,-78.59639,-78.596427,-78.596462,-78.5965,-78.596593,-78.597125,-78.597416,-78.597678,-78.598079,-78.598306,-78.598681,-78.598931,-78.599481,-78.599848,-78.600421,-78.600867,-78.601024,-78.601166,-78.60127,-78.601393,-78.601499,-78.601686,-78.601753,-78.601768,-78.601845,-78.601864,-78.601865,-78.601847,-78.601817,-78.601743,-78.601645,-78.601615,-78.601561,-78.601525,-78.601516,-78.601518,-78.601565,-78.601647,-78.601706,-78.601715,-78.601717,-78.601649,-78.601555,-78.601439,-78.60142,-78.601377,-78.601304,-78.601124,-78.601519,-78.602732,-78.603119,-78.603833,-78.605391,-78.60611,-78.606254,-78.607257,-78.607362,-78.608445,-78.608886,-78.609058,-78.60928,-78.609463,-78.609609,-78.609787,-78.610129,-78.610443,-78.611008,-78.611825,-78.611929,-78.612095,-78.612533,-78.61309,-78.614202,-78.615553,-78.616257,-78.616935,-78.61938,-78.619484,-78.619755,-78.620024,-78.620483,-78.621025,-78.621129,-78.621253,-78.621707,-78.621785,-78.621981,-78.622179,-78.623146,-78.623792,-78.624391,-78.624827,-78.62535,-78.625949,-78.626992,-78.628272,-78.628858,-78.629111,-78.629464,-78.629852,-78.63021,-78.630465,-78.630922,-78.631358,-78.631624,-78.631834,-78.632167,-78.632458,-78.632741,-78.63283,-78.632891,-78.632943,-78.632971,-78.633003,-78.633017,-78.633007,-78.633035,-78.633068,-78.633144,-78.633429,-78.633517,-78.633549,-78.633563,-78.633558,-78.633513,-78.633415,-78.633387,-78.63338,-78.633389,-78.633416,-78.633464,-78.633496,-78.633543,-78.633647,-78.63383,-78.633908,-78.634046,-78.634193,-78.63438,-78.634558,-78.634761,-78.634875,-78.635104,-78.635488,-78.636217,-78.636313,-78.636458,-78.636748,-78.636936,-78.637151,-78.637309,-78.637882,-78.638334,-78.638669,-78.638997,-78.639317,-78.640769,-78.641341,-78.641668,-78.641925,-78.642221,-78.642256,-78.642601,-78.642968,-78.643281,-78.643727,-78.644544,-78.644839,-78.645199,-78.645525,-78.645855,-78.646191,-78.646344,-78.646591,-78.646782,-78.647207,-78.647827,-78.648282,-78.648771,-78.648906,-78.649236,-78.649497,-78.649924,-78.650532,-78.651751,-78.652497,-78.653723,-78.654869,-78.656014,-78.657202,-78.657719,-78.657967,-78.65862,-78.658926,-78.659424,-78.661238,-78.661947,-78.663267,-78.663606,-78.663856,-78.664089,-78.664333,-78.6645,-78.664625,-78.664716,-78.664895,-78.665325,-78.665581,-78.665695,-78.666207,-78.666557,-78.667625,-78.667913,-78.668268,-78.668943,-78.669344,-78.669781,-78.670072,-78.670511,-78.671386,-78.671836,-78.672403,-78.672827,-78.673063,-78.67354,-78.673853,-78.674115,-78.674459,-78.674757,-78.6752,-78.675535,-78.676213,-78.676556,-78.676831,-78.677087,-78.677428,-78.677768,-78.678192,-78.678649,-78.679025,-78.679463,-78.679895,-78.680873,-78.68275,-78.683349,-78.68357,-78.684116,-78.685017,-78.685594,-78.686028,-78.686662,-78.686914,-78.68722,-78.6874,-78.687673,-78.687861,-78.688135,-78.689044,-78.68954,-78.690021,-78.69062,-78.690873,-78.691171,-78.69139,-78.691734,-78.692174,-78.692417,-78.692673,-78.693014,-78.693765,-78.69455,-78.694929,-78.695382,-78.695844,-78.696009,-78.696175,-78.696318,-78.696534,-78.696696,-78.696884,-78.696966,-78.697255,-78.697452,-78.697573,-78.697676,-78.697766,-78.697862,-78.69794,-78.697963,-78.697968,-78.697949,-78.697919,-78.697903,-78.697578,-78.69755,-78.69749,-78.697455,-78.697388,-78.697381,-78.697372,-78.697371,-78.697388,-78.697423,-78.697585,-78.697626,-78.697717,-78.697764,-78.697815,-78.697983,-78.698068,-78.698427,-78.698622,-78.699752,-78.699889,-78.700082,-78.700205,-78.700329,-78.700885,-78.701166,-78.70134,-78.701528,-78.70164,-78.701752,-78.702131,-78.702552,-78.702724,-78.702898,-78.70337,-78.703807,-78.70402,-78.704144,-78.704294,-78.704439,-78.704577,-78.704704,-78.704819,-78.704909,-78.705139,-78.705226,-78.705382,-78.705523,-78.7056,-78.705669,-78.705753,-78.705859,-78.705987,-78.706042,-78.706114,-78.706183,-78.706282,-78.706393,-78.706515,-78.706645,-78.706943,-78.707207,-78.707464,-78.707582,-78.707688,-78.707726,-78.707832,-78.70789,-78.707949,-78.707991,-78.708058,-78.708101,-78.708217,-78.708263,-78.708319,-78.708376,-78.708487,-78.708881,-78.709131,-78.709244,-78.709303,-78.709649,-78.709756,-78.709841,-78.709964,-78.710082,-78.710407,-78.710683,-78.710779,-78.710846,-78.710925,-78.711121,-78.711203,-78.711301,-78.71178,-78.71189,-78.711983,-78.712045,-78.712162,-78.712233,-78.712285,-78.712353,-78.712436,-78.713046,-78.713134,-78.713207,-78.713262,-78.713282,-78.713283,-78.713267,-78.713249,-78.713037,-78.712738,-78.712504,-78.712344,-78.712319,-78.712312,-78.712372,-78.712421,-78.712447,-78.71249,-78.712534,-78.712618,-78.712701,-78.712792,-78.712888,-78.713065,-78.713237,-78.713402,-78.714043,-78.714432,-78.714768,-78.715149,-78.715401,-78.715652,-78.71572,-78.716107,-78.716363,-78.717472,-78.71758,-78.717702,-78.717795,-78.717878,-78.717939,-78.718079,-78.718428,-78.718903,-78.719074,-78.719279],"lat":[37.635386,37.635543,37.635637,37.635844,37.635944,37.636045,37.636345,37.636546,37.636546,37.636646,37.636646,37.636645,37.636703,37.636741,37.637044,37.637443,37.637615,37.637678,37.637739,37.637761,37.637772,37.637788,37.637935,37.638132,37.638259,37.63844,37.638536,37.638557,37.638583,37.63884,37.639068,37.639457,37.63956,37.63956,37.639755,37.640062,37.640262,37.640526,37.640642,37.640832,37.640853,37.640873,37.640912,37.641046,37.641306,37.641485,37.641543,37.641608,37.641657,37.641688,37.641689,37.641668,37.641644,37.641696,37.641843,37.641903,37.641943,37.641952,37.642343,37.642743,37.643128,37.64317,37.643241,37.643639,37.643678,37.643698,37.643844,37.644142,37.644391,37.644433,37.645244,37.645453,37.64565,37.645745,37.646045,37.646229,37.646296,37.646454,37.646508,37.646549,37.646895,37.646903,37.646945,37.647345,37.647345,37.647545,37.647846,37.647946,37.648081,37.648089,37.648101,37.648146,37.648446,37.648546,37.648646,37.648869,37.648893,37.649046,37.649646,37.650147,37.650547,37.651147,37.651647,37.652047,37.652647,37.653248,37.653415,37.653448,37.653461,37.653848,37.654048,37.654348,37.654448,37.654748,37.655148,37.655168,37.655206,37.65585,37.656112,37.656374,37.656374,37.656389,37.656709,37.656803,37.65683,37.65688,37.656957,37.657039,37.657083,37.657259,37.657369,37.657468,37.657528,37.657727,37.657908,37.65815,37.658608,37.658746,37.659081,37.659216,37.659629,37.659729,37.660045,37.660252,37.660749,37.661012,37.661144,37.661348,37.661366,37.661543,37.661681,37.661799,37.661856,37.661942,37.662008,37.66203,37.662441,37.662643,37.66324,37.663945,37.664018,37.664051,37.664344,37.665146,37.666066,37.666445,37.667343,37.667944,37.668192,37.668639,37.668733,37.668756,37.668844,37.668855,37.668876,37.668943,37.669042,37.670191,37.670242,37.670472,37.67051,37.670546,37.670644,37.671142,37.67165,37.671685,37.671728,37.671751,37.671793,37.671848,37.671938,37.672443,37.672637,37.672646,37.672843,37.672943,37.673143,37.673443,37.673523,37.673527,37.673555,37.673599,37.673635,37.673735,37.673843,37.673943,37.674043,37.674143,37.674243,37.674291,37.674343,37.674543,37.674543,37.674743,37.674843,37.674912,37.674914,37.674943,37.675043,37.675043,37.675032,37.674943,37.674943,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675343,37.675643,37.675661,37.675709,37.675943,37.676043,37.676243,37.676443,37.676743,37.676943,37.677343,37.677943,37.678143,37.678643,37.678943,37.679242,37.679337,37.679843,37.680188,37.680268,37.680443,37.680843,37.681243,37.681347,37.681378,37.681643,37.682143,37.682643,37.682996,37.683143,37.683385,37.683743,37.683843,37.683943,37.684039,37.684443,37.684743,37.684943,37.685143,37.685543,37.685743,37.686015,37.686243,37.686643,37.687043,37.687137,37.68732,37.687502,37.687643,37.687757,37.688143,37.688743,37.689143,37.689743,37.690343,37.690843,37.691443,37.692243,37.692616,37.692943,37.693401,37.693443,37.694043,37.694743,37.695143,37.695177,37.695743,37.696043,37.696131,37.696343,37.696543,37.696754,37.696943,37.697243,37.697543,37.697843,37.698143,37.698343,37.698443,37.698543,37.698543,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698704,37.698664,37.69866,37.698643,37.698555,37.698553,37.698542,37.698442,37.698439,37.698435,37.698398,37.698381,37.698373,37.698368,37.698359,37.698342,37.698242,37.697963,37.697741,37.697641,37.697441,37.697269,37.69704,37.69665,37.696642,37.696635,37.696615,37.696455,37.69624,37.695839,37.695539,37.695217,37.694939,37.694438,37.694046,37.693845,37.693777,37.693437,37.693359,37.693344,37.693337,37.69333,37.693043,37.692941,37.692875,37.692837,37.692787,37.692734,37.69163,37.69156,37.691532,37.691518,37.691507,37.691336,37.691324,37.690938,37.690337,37.690118,37.690106,37.689937,37.689776,37.689537,37.689313,37.688936,37.688903,37.68888,37.688154,37.688123,37.6881,37.687859,37.687135,37.686535,37.686135,37.685735,37.685334,37.684834,37.684577,37.684334,37.683734,37.683257,37.683133,37.682733,37.682333,37.682233,37.682069,37.682059,37.681833,37.681689,37.681532,37.681387,37.681119,37.681058,37.680997,37.680971,37.680905,37.680866,37.680833,37.680543,37.680181,37.67965,37.679326,37.679012,37.678732,37.678551,37.678215,37.678027,37.677889,37.677758,37.677723,37.677678,37.677676,37.677578,37.677504,37.677396,37.677313,37.67729,37.677287,37.67729,37.67729,37.677291,37.677294,37.677371,37.677435,37.677454,37.67747,37.677639,37.677749,37.677941,37.677977,37.678035,37.678264,37.678289,37.678363,37.678428,37.678493,37.67854,37.678588,37.678775,37.67914,37.67934,37.679941,37.679972,37.680046,37.680129,37.680141,37.680241,37.680252,37.68026,37.680341,37.680436,37.680444,37.680459,37.680476,37.680541,37.680678,37.680742,37.680778,37.680798,37.680823,37.680887,37.680895,37.680983,37.681042,37.681242,37.681342,37.681343,37.681343,37.681443,37.681443,37.681613,37.681665,37.681704,37.681742,37.681673,37.681677,37.681697,37.681789,37.681872,37.68192,37.681947,37.682042,37.682691,37.682719,37.682786,37.682832,37.682962,37.683156,37.683262,37.683319,37.683421,37.683608,37.683675,37.684099,37.684317,37.684477,37.684746,37.684884,37.685155,37.685363,37.685575,37.685716,37.685893,37.685927,37.685962,37.686104,37.686207,37.686239,37.686308,37.686369,37.686425,37.686461,37.68646,37.686445,37.686349,37.686417,37.686443,37.68659,37.686743,37.686843,37.687212,37.687243,37.687643,37.688243,37.688543,37.689043,37.689224,37.689443,37.689706,37.689843,37.690343,37.690392,37.690443,37.690508,37.690543,37.690606,37.691143,37.691743,37.692043,37.692243,37.692543,37.692743,37.693343,37.693643,37.694043,37.694343,37.694643,37.694843,37.694943,37.69503,37.695143,37.69534,37.695543,37.695612,37.695643,37.695731,37.695943,37.696443,37.696643,37.696943,37.697443,37.697743,37.698143,37.698443,37.698743,37.699243,37.699443,37.699643,37.700043,37.700341,37.700343,37.700443,37.700443,37.700443,37.70053,37.701343,37.701643,37.701943,37.702443,37.703143,37.703543,37.703943,37.704743,37.704906,37.704943,37.705243,37.705443,37.705572,37.705743,37.706143,37.706543,37.706743,37.707443,37.707743,37.70866,37.709051,37.709343,37.709743,37.710143,37.710543,37.710643,37.711143,37.71137,37.711543,37.711881,37.712043,37.712243,37.712443,37.712843,37.713244,37.713543,37.713944,37.714243,37.714544,37.714643,37.714892,37.714951,37.715343,37.715441,37.715515,37.715656,37.715675,37.71575,37.716039,37.716154,37.716262,37.716405,37.716566,37.716643,37.717244,37.717343,37.717743,37.718144,37.718344,37.718692,37.718743,37.718843,37.718942,37.719143,37.719243,37.719743,37.719943,37.720243,37.720343,37.720613,37.720643,37.720965,37.721043,37.721343,37.721643,37.721943,37.722245,37.722443,37.722823,37.724145,37.724543,37.724643,37.724945,37.725044,37.725143,37.725211,37.725245,37.725345,37.725543,37.726143,37.726843,37.727243,37.727543,37.727843,37.728046,37.728243,37.728543,37.728643,37.728743,37.728843,37.729044,37.729258,37.729294,37.729443,37.729746,37.730043,37.730343,37.730445,37.730543,37.730843,37.731043,37.731081,37.731098,37.731318,37.731555,37.73162,37.731643,37.731843,37.73195,37.732143,37.732343,37.732399,37.732443,37.732543,37.732562,37.732744,37.732843,37.732943,37.733084,37.733717,37.735598,37.73715,37.738273,37.739214,37.7401,37.741235,37.741859,37.742858,37.744059,37.746043,37.747075,37.748005,37.748527,37.749095,37.749867,37.750945,37.752207,37.752872,37.754221,37.75497,37.755798,37.756321,37.75655,37.756575,37.756497,37.756218,37.756232,37.756234,37.75602,37.755398,37.755243,37.755048,37.754834,37.754755,37.754756,37.754756,37.754757,37.754746,37.754659,37.754599,37.754362,37.754182,37.754046,37.754047,37.754206,37.754467,37.754755,37.754875,37.755272,37.755839,37.756042,37.7563,37.75641,37.756656,37.756761,37.756849,37.757155,37.757326,37.757389,37.757394,37.757621,37.757909,37.758157,37.758194,37.75829,37.759515,37.760275,37.760627,37.760866,37.761342,37.761852,37.762226,37.762424,37.762521,37.7627,37.762805,37.763293,37.763492,37.763554,37.763611,37.763634,37.763759,37.763907,37.763998,37.763941,37.763693,37.763466,37.76333,37.763104,37.76301,37.762957,37.762765,37.762684,37.76255,37.762438,37.762302,37.761589,37.759427,37.758217,37.758047,37.758059,37.757437,37.757222,37.757323,37.757494,37.757892,37.757993,37.758956,37.76053,37.761594,37.7631,37.763302,37.764369,37.766,37.767642,37.769329,37.772443,37.77652,37.779544,37.782823,37.784663,37.786962,37.789272,37.790674,37.790755,37.791231,37.794018,37.794109,37.795192,37.795672,37.796177,37.796939,37.796963,37.796956,37.796938,37.796886,37.796805,37.796758,37.796695,37.796442,37.796117,37.795905,37.795726,37.795093,37.794968,37.794354,37.793582,37.793422,37.792796,37.791846,37.790944,37.790083,37.789757,37.789688,37.788689,37.78761,37.786258,37.78531,37.785196,37.785129,37.784946,37.784177,37.784048,37.783649,37.783528,37.782282,37.779737,37.778438,37.777602,37.776445,37.775118,37.773871,37.773277,37.772536,37.771859,37.771168,37.770509,37.769014,37.768019,37.767137,37.766741,37.766596,37.766522,37.766511,37.765889,37.765206,37.765016,37.764998,37.764783,37.764568,37.764276,37.763251,37.763239,37.763129,37.762552,37.762197,37.761619,37.761486,37.761017,37.760846,37.7602,37.759782,37.759455,37.759243,37.75914,37.759134,37.759122,37.758787,37.75838,37.7579,37.757726,37.757393,37.757125,37.7566,37.756172,37.755928,37.755596,37.755383,37.75513,37.754908,37.75462,37.75426,37.753844,37.753767,37.753419,37.752899,37.752785,37.752116,37.752098,37.751895,37.751642,37.751626,37.751609,37.751538,37.751296,37.751208,37.751164,37.751044,37.751022,37.75095,37.750873,37.750769,37.7505,37.750429,37.750354,37.750143,37.750123,37.75006,37.750041,37.749996,37.749859,37.749755,37.749695,37.74959,37.749491,37.749398,37.749349,37.749343,37.749266,37.749118,37.749081,37.749059,37.749046,37.748904,37.748904,37.748915,37.748964,37.74903,37.749145,37.749184,37.749233,37.749283,37.749299,37.749283,37.74925,37.749223,37.749218,37.749184,37.749126,37.749079,37.749057,37.748964,37.748876,37.748689,37.748448,37.74819,37.748036,37.747946,37.747916,37.74724,37.746993,37.746718,37.746608,37.746323,37.746164,37.745823,37.745587,37.744735,37.744411,37.744354,37.744061,37.743969,37.743955,37.743864,37.743791,37.743038,37.742791,37.742044,37.74161,37.741579,37.741503,37.741462,37.741324,37.740874,37.740533,37.740478,37.740451,37.740237,37.740209,37.740198,37.740138,37.740083,37.740077,37.740102,37.740115,37.74011,37.740082,37.739912,37.739742,37.739544,37.73945,37.739362,37.73906,37.738972,37.738675,37.738527,37.738505,37.738505,37.738543,37.738543,37.738466,37.738439,37.738433,37.738449,37.738433,37.738394,37.738339,37.738273,37.738235,37.738191,37.738176,37.73818,37.738105,37.737977,37.737747,37.737713,37.737428,37.737247,37.737195,37.737023,37.736971,37.736942,37.736779,37.73668,37.736402,37.736152,37.73591,37.735788,37.735734,37.73543,37.735345,37.735263,37.735173,37.735109,37.734922,37.734786,37.734736,37.734708,37.734678,37.734668,37.734673,37.734717,37.734777,37.734799,37.734933,37.73497,37.735008,37.735017,37.73502,37.73501,37.735007,37.735005,37.734999,37.734981,37.734963,37.734959,37.734958,37.734955,37.734954,37.734915,37.734864,37.734859,37.734859,37.734863,37.734863,37.734872,37.734889,37.734893,37.734894,37.734902,37.734916,37.734919,37.734921,37.734922,37.734929,37.734943,37.734945,37.734962,37.73496,37.734971,37.734966,37.734983,37.734978,37.734988,37.734987,37.735003,37.735008,37.735002,37.735009,37.73501,37.735006,37.735013,37.735021,37.735025,37.735027,37.73503,37.735026,37.735028,37.735034,37.735029,37.735037,37.735027,37.734994,37.734883,37.734844,37.734835,37.734785,37.734741,37.734719,37.734793,37.734748,37.734696,37.734589,37.734458,37.734432,37.734373,37.73432,37.73429,37.734267,37.734196,37.734089,37.734056,37.73404,37.734028,37.733951,37.733929,37.733884,37.733822,37.733783,37.733746,37.733651,37.733574,37.733569,37.733561,37.733558,37.733546,37.73361,37.733614,37.733667,37.733688,37.733743,37.733754,37.733743,37.733737,37.733748,37.733794,37.733797,37.733967,37.733978,37.733956,37.733906,37.733901,37.733917,37.734008,37.734021,37.734054,37.734059,37.734046,37.734032,37.733999,37.733938,37.733921,37.733674,37.733631,37.733589,37.733583,37.733454,37.733371,37.733326,37.733287,37.733183,37.733117,37.733092,37.732994,37.732896,37.732858,37.732851,37.732777,37.732679,37.73264,37.732569,37.732372,37.732268,37.732131,37.732092,37.732044,37.731972,37.731856,37.731812,37.731796,37.731769,37.73178,37.731912,37.731984,37.731989,37.731948,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731918,37.731897,37.731869,37.731836,37.731806,37.731783,37.731628,37.731587,37.731538,37.731515,37.731499,37.731495,37.731474,37.731353,37.731194,37.731156,37.730975,37.730892,37.730777,37.730695,37.730637,37.730393,37.730031,37.7298,37.729548,37.729416,37.729273,37.728927,37.728779,37.728691,37.72845,37.728323,37.728175,37.728127,37.728113,37.728022,37.727923,37.727786,37.727731,37.727572,37.727484,37.727418,37.727331,37.72727,37.727204,37.727133,37.7271,37.727073,37.727031,37.726968,37.726962,37.726848,37.726716,37.725942,37.72541,37.725223,37.725196,37.725179,37.725178,37.724786,37.724041,37.723965,37.723402,37.723303,37.723239,37.722987,37.722701,37.722547,37.722462,37.721978,37.721903,37.721559,37.721314,37.721046,37.720998,37.720756,37.720717,37.720701,37.720708,37.720712,37.720756,37.720739,37.720663,37.720586,37.720525,37.720476,37.720163,37.72007,37.719977,37.719691,37.719598,37.71951,37.719464,37.719433,37.719093,37.719054,37.718939,37.718846,37.718808,37.718676,37.718638,37.718539,37.718506,37.718325,37.718237,37.718197,37.717952,37.717825,37.717782,37.717727,37.717364,37.717299,37.717074,37.71687,37.716821,37.7167,37.716607,37.716431,37.716338,37.716245,37.716157,37.716086,37.716064,37.715981,37.715987,37.715976,37.715948,37.715916,37.715866,37.715795,37.715787,37.715643,37.715643,37.715543,37.715543,37.715543,37.715584,37.715643,37.715643,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715743,37.715643,37.715643,37.715643,37.715596,37.715143,37.715074,37.715072,37.715069,37.715043,37.714703,37.714643,37.71459,37.714582,37.714577,37.714565,37.714136,37.714126,37.714059,37.713971,37.713908,37.713817,37.713583,37.713333,37.713127,37.712945,37.712914,37.712671,37.712424,37.712232,37.711966,37.711896,37.711683,37.711542,37.711155,37.711048,37.710943,37.710841,37.710742,37.710649,37.710539,37.710449,37.710372,37.710293,37.710173,37.71006,37.709977,37.709893,37.709881,37.709874,37.70987,37.709875,37.709871,37.709887,37.709901,37.709942,37.709991,37.710071,37.710162,37.71026,37.710307,37.710313,37.710322,37.710385,37.71047,37.710529,37.710648,37.710665,37.71069,37.710694,37.710708,37.710751,37.710763,37.710828,37.710987,37.710998,37.711042,37.711074,37.711092,37.711088,37.711092,37.711077,37.711083,37.711043,37.711028,37.711017,37.710997,37.710991,37.710971,37.71096,37.710947,37.710935,37.710869,37.710866,37.710849,37.710829,37.710834,37.710824,37.710816,37.710827,37.710826,37.71086,37.710892,37.710911,37.710914,37.710946,37.710951,37.711031,37.711067,37.711074,37.711074,37.711083,37.711084,37.711078,37.711088,37.711079,37.711082,37.711069,37.711075,37.711063,37.711068,37.711055,37.711057,37.711046,37.711052,37.711043,37.711041,37.71105,37.711085,37.711293,37.711333,37.711396,37.711511,37.71154,37.711586,37.71159,37.711605,37.711607,37.711625,37.711626,37.711657,37.711648,37.711637,37.711637,37.711647,37.711686,37.711713,37.711784,37.711833,37.711902,37.711928,37.711987,37.712106,37.712146,37.712191,37.712201,37.712229,37.712283,37.71233,37.712349,37.712399,37.712417,37.712506,37.712532,37.712753,37.71296,37.71301,37.71312,37.713163,37.713191,37.713288,37.713318,37.713343,37.713376,37.713407,37.713458,37.713468,37.713505,37.713533,37.71362,37.713649,37.713659,37.713752,37.713788,37.713886,37.714008,37.714076,37.714201,37.714286,37.714438,37.714538,37.714602,37.714676,37.714718,37.714854,37.714899,37.715081,37.715173,37.715238,37.715278,37.715306,37.715332,37.71533,37.715314,37.715287,37.715211,37.715112,37.715018,37.714934,37.714833,37.714777,37.714717,37.714669,37.714613,37.714466,37.714164,37.714106,37.714014,37.713918,37.713815,37.713709,37.713638,37.7135,37.713365,37.713297,37.713234,37.7132,37.713137,37.712971,37.712903,37.712691,37.712621,37.712586,37.712517,37.712413,37.712381,37.712349,37.712316,37.712286,37.712252,37.712152,37.71212,37.712086,37.711955,37.711887,37.711781,37.711675,37.711569,37.711501,37.711399,37.711301,37.711239,37.711153,37.711131,37.711078,37.711029,37.710951,37.710907,37.710867,37.710801,37.710765,37.710624,37.710453,37.710383,37.710122,37.709963,37.709807,37.709638,37.709567,37.709511,37.709498,37.709474,37.709409,37.709387,37.709296,37.709255,37.70924,37.709216,37.709182,37.709099,37.709029,37.708986,37.708972,37.708931,37.708816,37.708771,37.708693,37.708646,37.708626,37.708578,37.708476,37.7083,37.708174,37.708042,37.707918,37.707884,37.707795,37.707744,37.707704,37.707645,37.707616,37.707614,37.707617,37.70763,37.707642,37.707673,37.707696,37.707807,37.708003,37.708114,37.70814,37.708206,37.708225,37.708376,37.708546,37.708662,37.708701,37.70877,37.708856,37.708992,37.709068,37.709085,37.709094,37.709096,37.709091,37.70905,37.709073,37.709091,37.709094,37.709089,37.709053,37.709051,37.709036,37.708963,37.70892,37.708759,37.708702,37.708695,37.708643,37.708566,37.708403,37.708276,37.708224,37.708166,37.708134,37.708031,37.707926,37.707786,37.707682,37.707615,37.707516,37.707339,37.70727,37.707168,37.706982,37.706953,37.706876,37.706821,37.706777,37.706766,37.706741,37.70672,37.706692,37.706545,37.706539,37.706554,37.706617,37.706699,37.706717,37.706728,37.706729,37.706717,37.706698,37.706679,37.706639,37.706624,37.706486,37.706338,37.706302,37.706242,37.706198,37.706104,37.70605,37.705871,37.705617,37.705471,37.705359,37.705214,37.705117,37.704548,37.704351,37.70398,37.703917,37.703584,37.703474,37.703397,37.703239,37.70294,37.702752,37.702597,37.702569,37.702469,37.702384,37.702306,37.702218,37.702141,37.702053,37.701988,37.701919,37.70178,37.701148,37.701078,37.700725,37.700549,37.699279,37.698963,37.698893,37.69879,37.698692,37.698634,37.698584,37.69855,37.698539,37.698525,37.698524,37.698528,37.698526,37.698519,37.698549,37.698575,37.698619,37.69863,37.698731,37.698778,37.698785,37.698812,37.698823,37.69882,37.69881,37.698832,37.698848,37.698891,37.699003,37.699045,37.699236,37.699258,37.699597,37.699792,37.700258,37.700821,37.700895,37.700921,37.701005,37.701118,37.701309,37.701448,37.701551,37.701775,37.701875,37.701957,37.702159,37.702327,37.702375,37.702521,37.702593,37.702713,37.70278,37.702798,37.702809,37.702831,37.702857,37.70288,37.702923,37.702938,37.702973,37.703,37.703008,37.703038,37.703059,37.703096,37.703134,37.703207,37.703252,37.703334,37.703713,37.703828,37.704073,37.704082,37.704266,37.704783,37.705012,37.705229,37.705362,37.705446,37.70551,37.70553,37.705554,37.705578,37.705583,37.705582,37.705602,37.705616,37.705638,37.705663,37.705706,37.70577,37.70591,37.705931,37.705987,37.706109,37.70616,37.706185,37.706195,37.706201,37.706192,37.706151,37.706109,37.70604,37.70595,37.705867,37.705836,37.705807,37.705797,37.705782,37.705696,37.705544,37.705314,37.704703,37.704462,37.704367,37.704338,37.704274,37.704182,37.703999,37.703823,37.703738,37.703713,37.703643,37.70356,37.703236,37.703122,37.703064,37.702912,37.702736,37.702621,37.702395,37.70229,37.702221,37.702212,37.702186,37.701951,37.701932,37.701815,37.701772,37.701678,37.701587,37.701331,37.701271,37.70115,37.700558,37.700403,37.700213,37.700027,37.699921,37.699808,37.699752,37.699712,37.699698,37.699564,37.699527,37.699494,37.699385,37.699287,37.69911,37.698919,37.698841,37.698706,37.698476,37.698235,37.698178,37.698153,37.69799,37.697933,37.697854,37.697714,37.697606,37.697508,37.6974,37.697314,37.697251,37.697219,37.697208,37.697214,37.69722,37.697234,37.697263,37.697289,37.697322,37.697452,37.697502,37.697533,37.697562,37.697589,37.697594,37.697599,37.697571,37.69751,37.697493,37.69748,37.697475,37.697473,37.697468,37.697443,37.697432,37.697335,37.697325,37.697305,37.697298,37.697222,37.697148,37.69709,37.697057,37.697006,37.696947,37.696881,37.69681,37.696756,37.696667,37.696479,37.696282,37.696078,37.695871,37.695766,37.695696,37.695661,37.695344,37.695239,37.695101,37.694902,37.694811,37.694756,37.694722,37.694695,37.694646,37.694446,37.694363,37.694211,37.694178,37.694136,37.694116,37.694108,37.694108,37.694095,37.69407,37.694062,37.694058,37.694049,37.694046,37.694052,37.69407,37.694065,37.694046,37.694023,37.693975,37.693916,37.693848,37.693771,37.693579,37.693517,37.69342,37.693179,37.693039,37.692968,37.692758,37.692617,37.692303,37.692165,37.69186,37.691594,37.691529,37.691264,37.690838,37.690606,37.690538,37.690472,37.6903,37.690125,37.69002,37.689879,37.689847,37.689779,37.689713,37.689626,37.689377,37.689324,37.689228,37.688956,37.68886,37.688755,37.688668,37.688582,37.68844,37.688405,37.688336,37.688202,37.688105,37.687983,37.687897,37.687875,37.687837,37.687804,37.68776,37.687739,37.687725,37.687672,37.687613,37.687423,37.687325,37.687282,37.687132,37.687076,37.686915,37.686691,37.686602,37.686509,37.686096,37.686004,37.68595,37.685887,37.685838,37.685801,37.685745,37.685681,37.685533,37.68544,37.685433,37.685421,37.68541,37.685373,37.68536,37.68534,37.685277,37.685218,37.685112,37.684996,37.684943,37.684913,37.684848,37.684745,37.68464,37.684498,37.684392,37.684182,37.68394,37.683804,37.683738,37.683613,37.683523,37.683472,37.683451,37.683401,37.683362,37.683353,37.683344,37.683341,37.683267,37.683085,37.683014,37.682932,37.682827,37.682789,37.682377,37.682322,37.682256,37.68224,37.682245,37.682284,37.682295,37.682289,37.682267,37.68224,37.682207,37.682141,37.682097,37.682075,37.682064,37.682059,37.68207,37.68213,37.682147,37.682306,37.682356,37.682433,37.682515,37.682696,37.682746,37.682768,37.682872,37.682889,37.682883,37.682823,37.682729,37.682504,37.682301,37.682246,37.68212,37.681824,37.681236,37.681005,37.680621,37.680534,37.680491,37.680331,37.679823,37.679523,37.679331,37.679162,37.679027,37.678736,37.678446,37.678159,37.678056,37.677883,37.677658,37.677544,37.677433,37.677219,37.676577,37.676403,37.676183,37.675962,37.675785,37.675689,37.675594,37.675501,37.675412,37.675305,37.675205,37.675075,37.67479,37.674556,37.674376,37.674256,37.674191,37.674186,37.674148,37.674141,37.673916,37.67305,37.672735,37.6727,37.67263,37.672244,37.671997,37.671398,37.67108,37.670267,37.669984,37.669808,37.669772,37.669666,37.669597,37.669562,37.669388,37.668768,37.668632,37.668599,37.668539,37.668459,37.668427,37.668402,37.668361,37.668353,37.668369,37.668407,37.668419,37.668389,37.668378,37.668377,37.66836,37.668315,37.668239,37.667981,37.667815,37.667697,37.667545,37.667513,37.667475,37.667432,37.667414,37.667356,37.667288,37.667098,37.667061,37.666971,37.666881,37.666854,37.666766,37.666666,37.666596,37.66656,37.666421,37.666285,37.666189,37.6661,37.666074,37.66597,37.665931,37.665805,37.665451,37.665361,37.665137,37.664957,37.664783,37.664716,37.664643,37.664455,37.664369,37.664212,37.664113,37.66401,37.663869,37.663763,37.663692,37.663553,37.663486,37.663358,37.663176,37.662737,37.662596,37.662488,37.662422,37.662385,37.662296,37.662263,37.662251,37.662195,37.662172,37.662117,37.662024,37.661923,37.661887,37.66171,37.661641,37.661608,37.661515,37.66144,37.661399,37.661359,37.661341,37.661339,37.661335,37.661344,37.661341,37.661343,37.66134,37.661342,37.661337,37.661322,37.661299,37.661225,37.661097,37.661049,37.661029,37.660907,37.660679,37.660414,37.66029,37.660227,37.66007,37.659659,37.659578,37.659524,37.659416,37.659318,37.659269,37.659237,37.659194,37.659181,37.65916,37.659144,37.659131,37.659134,37.65918,37.659211,37.65922,37.65923,37.659248,37.659318,37.659356,37.659384,37.659459,37.659542,37.659591,37.659604,37.659602,37.659593,37.659545,37.659529,37.659507,37.659327,37.659277,37.659205,37.659153,37.659052,37.658923,37.658871,37.658725,37.658679,37.658606,37.658525,37.658437,37.658342,37.658212,37.658109,37.657931,37.657825,37.657719,37.657649,37.657404,37.657299,37.657195,37.657092,37.656924,37.656735,37.65665,37.656541,37.656355,37.656207,37.656053,37.655779,37.655555,37.655536,37.655274,37.655202,37.655072,37.655018,37.654994,37.65494,37.654739,37.654601,37.654161,37.653521,37.65344,37.652826,37.652736,37.652535,37.652406,37.652378,37.652253,37.652175,37.651979,37.651886,37.65179,37.65169,37.651385,37.651212,37.650935,37.650726,37.65055,37.650374,37.650274,37.650177,37.650056,37.64997,37.6496,37.649544,37.64952,37.64944,37.649411,37.649357,37.649269,37.649177,37.648699,37.648575,37.64849,37.648413,37.648345,37.648242,37.648163,37.648124,37.648094,37.648094,37.648086,37.648085,37.648091,37.648104,37.648126,37.648138,37.648171,37.648262,37.648362,37.648393,37.648469,37.648582,37.648643,37.648689,37.648812,37.648867,37.648969,37.649106,37.649164,37.649529,37.649787,37.649848,37.650323,37.650515,37.650581,37.650711,37.651084,37.652011,37.652288,37.652567,37.652741,37.653056,37.653293,37.653454,37.653578,37.65378,37.653859,37.654006,37.654228,37.654349,37.654425,37.654561,37.654601,37.654639,37.654657,37.654659,37.654649,37.654599,37.654581,37.654554,37.654474,37.654407,37.654335,37.654307,37.654257,37.654202,37.654041,37.653984,37.653902,37.653748,37.653701,37.653567,37.653264,37.65324,37.653222,37.653178,37.653028,37.652881,37.652693,37.652433,37.651701,37.651636,37.651238,37.65033,37.650265,37.649923,37.649724,37.649604,37.649525,37.649346,37.648953,37.648826,37.64879,37.648684,37.648639,37.648543,37.648393,37.648256,37.648057,37.647851,37.64776,37.647538,37.647478,37.64735,37.647323,37.64726,37.647201,37.647064,37.646918,37.646873,37.646785,37.646742,37.646713,37.646687,37.646683,37.646689,37.646843,37.646845,37.646878,37.646946,37.647075,37.647119,37.647175,37.647215,37.647235,37.647263,37.647286,37.647298,37.647315,37.647429,37.647512,37.647708,37.647905,37.648061,37.648391,37.648642,37.648952,37.649547,37.649576,37.649638,37.649726,37.649864,37.649964,37.649984,37.650035,37.650057,37.650069,37.650071,37.650061,37.650039,37.649986,37.649957,37.649867,37.649849,37.649826,37.649766,37.649705,37.649679,37.649595,37.649564,37.649368,37.649265,37.649161,37.649019,37.648879,37.648776,37.648675,37.648616,37.648554,37.648416,37.647627,37.647167,37.647091,37.646977,37.646945,37.646877,37.646806,37.646737,37.646637,37.646605,37.646547,37.646494,37.646284,37.646198,37.645822,37.645744,37.645694,37.6456,37.645523,37.645435,37.645309,37.645146,37.644947,37.644813,37.644778,37.644711,37.644676,37.644607,37.644536,37.644359,37.64429,37.644185,37.644151,37.644093,37.644072,37.644044,37.644027,37.644015,37.64397,37.643968,37.643958,37.643946,37.64395,37.643948,37.643938,37.643926,37.643873,37.643797,37.64375,37.643696,37.643636,37.643483,37.643403,37.643345,37.643235,37.642964,37.642776,37.64255,37.642516,37.642283,37.642183,37.641979,37.641771,37.641558,37.64131,37.641098,37.640889,37.640855,37.640786,37.640717,37.64058,37.640533,37.640447,37.64038,37.640221,37.6401,37.640015,37.639863,37.639725,37.639682,37.639658,37.639398,37.639185,37.639047,37.638809,37.638677,37.63849,37.638153,37.638078,37.638068,37.638039,37.638031,37.637969,37.637951,37.637937,37.637918,37.637851,37.637674,37.637594,37.637588,37.637261,37.637253,37.637073,37.636987,37.636962,37.636945,37.636933,37.636877,37.636814,37.63679,37.636617,37.636584,37.636547,37.636524,37.636427,37.636351,37.636322,37.636228,37.636117,37.636066,37.635984,37.635868,37.63557,37.635295,37.634893,37.634576,37.634484,37.634396,37.634235,37.634014,37.633759,37.633704,37.633474,37.63335,37.633125,37.632794,37.632397,37.632228,37.631986,37.63181,37.63156,37.631455,37.631209,37.630964,37.630788,37.630398,37.630363,37.630294,37.630225,37.63019,37.630088,37.629957,37.629862,37.629804,37.629772,37.629687,37.629638,37.629568,37.629437,37.629378,37.629304,37.629221,37.629175,37.629163,37.629136,37.629131,37.62914,37.629158,37.629207,37.629227,37.629299,37.629407,37.629692,37.629967,37.630013,37.630075,37.630191,37.630252,37.630281,37.630441,37.630461,37.630516,37.630532,37.630557,37.630569,37.630572,37.630554,37.630553,37.630557,37.630577,37.630623,37.630682,37.630721,37.63102,37.631167,37.63126,37.631338,37.631362,37.631403,37.631553,37.631747,37.63185,37.63207,37.632224,37.632344,37.63241,37.632446,37.632462,37.632498,37.632537,37.63255,37.632548,37.63256,37.632559,37.632562,37.632569,37.632565,37.632575,37.632582,37.632611,37.632644,37.632697,37.632943,37.632995,37.633025,37.633069,37.633093,37.633101,37.633098,37.633102,37.6331,37.633095,37.633097,37.633093,37.633096,37.633102,37.6331,37.633141,37.633222,37.633299,37.633346,37.63346,37.633495,37.633506,37.633527,37.633557,37.63376,37.633938,37.633988,37.633997,37.634025,37.634036,37.634041,37.634032,37.634014,37.633992,37.633732,37.633572,37.633291,37.633269,37.633217,37.633129,37.6331,37.63306,37.63303,37.632968,37.632952,37.63286,37.632843,37.632796,37.632673,37.632521,37.632388,37.632345,37.632311,37.632298,37.632227,37.632208,37.632161,37.632012,37.631958,37.631875,37.631852,37.631836,37.631793,37.631751,37.631723,37.63163,37.631597,37.631493,37.631318,37.631213,37.631109,37.630976,37.630881,37.630853,37.63079,37.6307,37.630525,37.63047,37.630342,37.630272,37.630149,37.629967,37.629942,37.629902,37.629794,37.629699,37.629667,37.629605,37.629572,37.629477,37.629448,37.629415,37.629382,37.629353,37.62932,37.629288,37.629258,37.629092,37.62899,37.62892,37.628814,37.628681,37.628652,37.6286,37.628564,37.628555,37.628551,37.628588,37.628614,37.628611,37.628596,37.628592,37.628555,37.62855,37.628507,37.628377,37.628171,37.628128,37.628095,37.62809,37.628074,37.628057,37.628051,37.628028,37.627973,37.62789,37.627821,37.627708,37.627615,37.627483,37.627347,37.627278,37.627035,37.627001,37.626897,37.626721,37.626584,37.62652,37.626397,37.62631,37.62626,37.626231,37.626155,37.626109,37.626012,37.625766,37.625687,37.625542,37.625449,37.62532,37.625155,37.625106,37.625051,37.624539,37.624327,37.623988,37.623893,37.623859,37.623797,37.623638,37.623572,37.62338,37.623315,37.62319,37.623124,37.623029,37.622842,37.62272,37.622657,37.622382,37.622098,37.622032,37.621811,37.621614,37.621341,37.621134,37.620961,37.620752,37.620717,37.620612,37.620507,37.620403,37.620302,37.620237,37.620019,37.619986,37.61988,37.619845,37.61981,37.61974,37.619709,37.619683,37.619669,37.619667,37.619679,37.619679,37.619667,37.619646,37.61962,37.619485,37.619345,37.619275,37.61919,37.619075,37.618958,37.618884,37.618826,37.618789,37.618779,37.618779,37.618787,37.618858,37.618867,37.618876,37.618892,37.618925,37.618968,37.619004,37.619049,37.619122,37.619178,37.619482,37.619629,37.619713,37.619791,37.619879,37.620036,37.620068,37.620313,37.620491,37.620772,37.621029,37.621257,37.62143,37.621691,37.622023,37.622337,37.622734,37.622842,37.62305,37.623357,37.623776,37.623905,37.624072,37.624222,37.624665,37.624781,37.624855,37.624909,37.624919,37.624925,37.624908,37.624858,37.624834,37.624834,37.624846,37.624857,37.624874,37.625016,37.625071,37.625219,37.625258,37.625322,37.625348,37.625375,37.625386,37.625384,37.625331,37.625346,37.625379,37.625428,37.625409,37.625394,37.625338,37.625296,37.625214,37.625181,37.624977,37.624912,37.624443,37.624375,37.624271,37.624202,37.624064,37.623407,37.623302,37.623267,37.622605,37.6225,37.622394,37.621779,37.621709,37.621569,37.621325,37.621255,37.621186,37.620977,37.620907,37.620525,37.620491,37.620248,37.620179,37.620145,37.620042,37.620007,37.619939,37.619904,37.619835,37.619787,37.619558,37.619245,37.619001,37.618687,37.618582,37.618476,37.618441,37.61823,37.618124,37.618054,37.617985,37.617888,37.617802,37.617725,37.617678,37.61764,37.61761,37.617592,37.617585,37.617591,37.617622,37.617652,37.617706,37.617807,37.617904,37.617957,37.617988,37.618009,37.618044,37.618093,37.618088,37.618072,37.618021,37.617979,37.617884,37.617808,37.61775,37.617684,37.617466,37.617423,37.617389,37.617369,37.617367,37.617389,37.617448,37.617571,37.61764,37.617783,37.61781,37.617882,37.618016,37.618178,37.618332,37.618519,37.618624,37.618646,37.618741,37.618793,37.618963,37.619282,37.619664,37.620069,37.620158,37.620347,37.620479,37.620541,37.620575,37.620638,37.620735,37.620795,37.62083,37.620891,37.620925,37.620986,37.621082,37.621138,37.621169,37.621223,37.621253,37.621276,37.621321,37.621325,37.621314,37.621288,37.62127,37.621244,37.621155,37.621053,37.620831,37.620665,37.620517,37.620436,37.620406,37.620211,37.619649,37.619587,37.619135,37.619003,37.618939,37.6185,37.618397,37.61833,37.618259,37.617876,37.617739,37.617668,37.617633,37.617387,37.617212,37.617001,37.616089,37.615494,37.615253,37.614801,37.61403,37.613767,37.613736,37.613669,37.613544,37.613511,37.613331,37.613277,37.613188,37.613176,37.613158,37.61315,37.613135,37.613127,37.613128,37.613154,37.613219,37.613274,37.613351,37.613434,37.613486,37.613544,37.613567,37.613706,37.613826,37.613881,37.614004,37.614032,37.614094,37.614151,37.614363,37.61445,37.614475,37.614508,37.61456,37.614677,37.614732,37.61499,37.615044,37.615103,37.615902,37.61599,37.616045,37.616249,37.616417,37.616469,37.616542,37.616661,37.616725,37.616785,37.616898,37.617024,37.617238,37.617299,37.617332,37.617334,37.617324,37.617292,37.617284,37.617284,37.617289,37.617285,37.617273,37.617165,37.617114,37.617077,37.617066,37.61705,37.617052,37.617063,37.617081,37.617133,37.61731,37.617344,37.617352,37.617357,37.617356,37.617347,37.617333,37.617317,37.617279,37.617206,37.617091,37.616951,37.616921,37.616838,37.616736,37.616779,37.616861,37.617015,37.617164,37.617235,37.617328,37.617581,37.617625,37.617663,37.617669,37.617647,37.61762,37.617449,37.617433,37.617444,37.617488,37.617527,37.617565,37.617703,37.617714,37.617697,37.617675,37.617587,37.617477,37.617428,37.617417,37.617412,37.617417,37.617445,37.6175,37.617604,37.617692,37.618005,37.618082,37.61812,37.618126,37.618104,37.618086,37.618005,37.617983,37.617978,37.617994,37.618027,37.618225,37.618291,37.618362,37.618439,37.618599,37.618621,37.618615,37.618588,37.618533,37.618467,37.618094,37.617869,37.6176,37.617462,37.617193,37.616611,37.615859,37.615683,37.615442,37.614986,37.614492,37.614218,37.61374,37.613526,37.613213,37.613076,37.61301,37.613005,37.613027,37.613093,37.613181,37.613378,37.613461,37.613648,37.613768,37.613878,37.61418,37.614219,37.614329,37.614373,37.614614,37.615043,37.61512,37.615279,37.615378,37.615592,37.61574,37.615812,37.615944,37.616048,37.616316,37.616487,37.616586,37.616647,37.616932,37.616987,37.617042,37.617037,37.616976,37.616971,37.616982,37.617081,37.617103,37.617092,37.617114,37.617163,37.617311,37.617591,37.617927,37.618086,37.618273,37.618415,37.618509,37.618564,37.618619,37.618696,37.618674,37.618581,37.618526,37.618548,37.618614,37.618652,37.618702,37.61902,37.619174,37.619279,37.619405,37.619487,37.619531,37.619548,37.619531,37.619509,37.619202,37.61918,37.619191,37.619142,37.619125,37.619092,37.619043,37.618944,37.618818,37.618757,37.618697,37.618549,37.61845,37.61834,37.618219,37.618099,37.617742,37.617418,37.617269,37.616687,37.6165,37.616204,37.615732,37.61555,37.615457,37.615402,37.615259,37.614935,37.614798,37.614639,37.61459,37.61459,37.614639,37.614573,37.614524,37.614387,37.614348,37.614343,37.614365,37.614447,37.614551,37.614815,37.614919,37.614996,37.615046,37.615073,37.61509,37.615095,37.615073,37.615046,37.614941,37.614897,37.614727,37.614645,37.614601,37.614607,37.614689,37.614711,37.614722,37.614719,37.614716,37.614673,37.614546,37.614262,37.614206,37.614145,37.614091,37.613898,37.613849,37.613827,37.613805,37.613789,37.613783,37.613789,37.613794,37.613778,37.613618,37.613585,37.613569,37.613541,37.613465,37.613448,37.613481,37.613597,37.613602,37.613597,37.613564,37.613421,37.613333,37.613492,37.613602,37.613805,37.613833,37.613844,37.613866,37.613954,37.613992,37.61402,37.614036,37.614058,37.614168,37.614206,37.614228,37.614256,37.614311,37.614448,37.614497,37.614541,37.61458,37.614602,37.614607,37.614662,37.614684,37.61469,37.614684,37.614618,37.614607,37.614618,37.61464,37.614756,37.614843,37.614887,37.614887,37.614904,37.615162,37.615266,37.615447,37.615535,37.615557,37.615568,37.615491,37.615415,37.615167,37.615025,37.614915,37.614876,37.614876,37.614898,37.615052,37.6157,37.615794,37.615832,37.615854,37.615887,37.61592,37.615969,37.616046,37.616052,37.616019,37.61598,37.615695,37.615546,37.615491,37.615459,37.615475,37.615508,37.615728,37.615925,37.61626,37.616409,37.616617,37.617348,37.617523,37.617611,37.617869,37.617957,37.618369,37.61871,37.618929,37.619127,37.619797,37.619896,37.620017,37.620308,37.620489,37.620659,37.620923,37.621076,37.62156,37.621631,37.621691,37.621746,37.622175,37.622329,37.622515,37.622581,37.622669,37.622801,37.622911,37.62313,37.623257,37.623372,37.623454,37.623482,37.623394,37.623311,37.623251,37.623267,37.623289,37.62333,37.623344,37.623438,37.623542,37.62391,37.624135,37.624201,37.62425,37.624283,37.624305,37.624289,37.624201,37.624152,37.62402,37.623954,37.623915,37.623657,37.623602,37.623542,37.623503,37.623471,37.62346,37.623471,37.623542,37.623542,37.623476,37.623449,37.623388,37.623328,37.623273,37.623258,37.623256,37.623086,37.623047,37.623042,37.623047,37.623069,37.623196,37.623207,37.62313,37.62302,37.623009,37.623042,37.622987,37.622976,37.622998,37.623042,37.623108,37.62319,37.623311,37.623437,37.623514,37.624008,37.624228,37.624332,37.624381,37.624447,37.624486,37.624585,37.624678,37.624914,37.624985,37.625034,37.625067,37.625144,37.625252,37.62528,37.625225,37.625241,37.625255,37.625291,37.625285,37.625247,37.625144,37.624732,37.624474,37.624402,37.62414,37.624073,37.623983,37.623909,37.623815,37.622537,37.622264,37.622157,37.622006,37.621916,37.62167,37.621493,37.620991,37.619119,37.618381,37.617282,37.616737,37.6162,37.6159,37.615308,37.614893,37.614208,37.613907,37.612869,37.612172,37.61191,37.611642,37.611468,37.611248,37.611026,37.610846,37.610526,37.609726,37.609445,37.608434,37.608315,37.608017,37.607719,37.607422,37.607281,37.60717,37.607053,37.606828,37.605885,37.605343,37.604898,37.604195,37.603821,37.603259,37.602907,37.602165,37.601674,37.600904,37.600292,37.600047,37.599796,37.599582,37.599278,37.598969,37.598107,37.597714,37.597621,37.597157,37.596936,37.596714,37.596493,37.596315,37.595981,37.595635,37.595524,37.595282,37.595038,37.594892,37.594649,37.594097,37.593363,37.592718,37.59251,37.592164,37.591043,37.589827,37.588229,37.588024,37.587717,37.587351,37.58667,37.58665,37.58667,37.586695,37.586733,37.586834,37.586887,37.586894,37.586941,37.586946,37.587045,37.587072,37.587073,37.587053,37.58702,37.586984,37.586926,37.586784,37.586641,37.586362,37.585952,37.585899,37.585813,37.585572,37.585281,37.584684,37.583977,37.583598,37.583233,37.581949,37.581901,37.581788,37.581693,37.581556,37.581405,37.58138,37.581351,37.581235,37.581226,37.581212,37.581212,37.581282,37.581312,37.581324,37.581322,37.581316,37.581324,37.581372,37.581387,37.58139,37.58137,37.581318,37.581233,37.581166,37.581134,37.581093,37.581068,37.581041,37.581008,37.580937,37.580857,37.580763,37.580712,37.580663,37.580607,37.58055,37.580452,37.580352,37.579677,37.579491,37.579369,37.579186,37.578547,37.578314,37.578197,37.578079,37.57796,37.577722,37.57732,37.577127,37.576958,37.576742,37.576527,37.576015,37.575502,37.574983,37.575065,37.575209,37.575261,37.575337,37.575402,37.575463,37.575501,37.575534,37.575548,37.575565,37.575569,37.57556,37.575554,37.575549,37.575555,37.575571,37.575606,37.575647,37.575811,37.575954,37.576044,37.576148,37.576267,37.576945,37.577192,37.577323,37.577437,37.577591,37.577612,37.577815,37.578015,37.578169,37.578365,37.578698,37.578832,37.579011,37.579159,37.579298,37.57943,37.579496,37.579617,37.579722,37.579989,37.580358,37.580616,37.580905,37.580995,37.581227,37.581424,37.581747,37.582221,37.58314,37.583717,37.584677,37.585533,37.58639,37.587338,37.587736,37.587927,37.588435,37.588661,37.589048,37.590414,37.590961,37.591964,37.592222,37.592412,37.592568,37.592712,37.592794,37.592847,37.592883,37.592945,37.593066,37.593132,37.593165,37.593288,37.593353,37.593492,37.593541,37.593616,37.593783,37.593894,37.594028,37.594103,37.594226,37.594491,37.594614,37.594752,37.594842,37.594888,37.594968,37.594988,37.594987,37.594969,37.594939,37.594873,37.594829,37.594732,37.594691,37.594669,37.594667,37.594672,37.594686,37.594716,37.594776,37.594842,37.594969,37.59511,37.595459,37.59619,37.596427,37.596521,37.596764,37.597177,37.59744,37.597621,37.597861,37.597967,37.598109,37.598207,37.598369,37.59849,37.598681,37.599255,37.59961,37.599976,37.6005,37.600735,37.601031,37.601248,37.601563,37.601931,37.602115,37.602287,37.602481,37.602888,37.603312,37.603493,37.603728,37.603991,37.604104,37.604241,37.604381,37.60462,37.604818,37.605071,37.605171,37.605544,37.605822,37.606021,37.606226,37.60645,37.606731,37.607015,37.60716,37.607305,37.607531,37.607668,37.607721,37.608599,37.608685,37.608904,37.609081,37.609543,37.609597,37.609822,37.610198,37.610485,37.610771,37.611614,37.611798,37.612134,37.612287,37.612407,37.612727,37.612863,37.613347,37.613578,37.615004,37.615149,37.61532,37.615405,37.615471,37.615701,37.615812,37.615864,37.615902,37.615913,37.615909,37.615846,37.615759,37.615739,37.615733,37.615745,37.615773,37.615793,37.615815,37.615854,37.615907,37.615972,37.61605,37.61614,37.616227,37.616477,37.616579,37.616791,37.61701,37.617145,37.617313,37.61757,37.617993,37.618426,37.61854,37.618649,37.618727,37.618808,37.618877,37.618934,37.618978,37.619057,37.619143,37.619243,37.619314,37.619397,37.619432,37.619546,37.619627,37.619733,37.619845,37.620073,37.620281,37.621201,37.621408,37.621579,37.621706,37.621932,37.622584,37.623069,37.62332,37.623472,37.624434,37.624674,37.624822,37.624992,37.625126,37.625398,37.625646,37.625753,37.625844,37.62599,37.626516,37.626685,37.626849,37.62753,37.627725,37.627926,37.62809,37.62857,37.628823,37.628923,37.629016,37.629101,37.629581,37.629677,37.629781,37.629891,37.629961,37.630084,37.630206,37.630279,37.630862,37.631578,37.632043,37.632457,37.632565,37.632675,37.633399,37.633724,37.633795,37.63386,37.633907,37.633967,37.634008,37.634035,37.634048,37.634016,37.633971,37.633912,37.63367,37.633557,37.633481,37.633415,37.633404,37.633408,37.633412,37.633439,37.633441,37.63339,37.633409,37.633451,37.633499,37.633558,37.63362,37.633762,37.634217,37.634858,37.635087,37.635386]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.500867,-78.500849,-78.50082,-78.500754,-78.500526,-78.500245,-78.500112,-78.500015,-78.499895,-78.499798,-78.499477,-78.499397,-78.499158,-78.498959,-78.4981,-78.497531,-78.497355,-78.497234,-78.497021,-78.496894,-78.496656,-78.495888,-78.495745,-78.495413,-78.495326,-78.495253,-78.495155,-78.494957,-78.494919,-78.494702,-78.494596,-78.49438,-78.494044,-78.49374,-78.493629,-78.493326,-78.493123,-78.493099,-78.492975,-78.492803,-78.492653,-78.492475,-78.491991,-78.491242,-78.491029,-78.489783,-78.48949,-78.489024,-78.488523,-78.488069,-78.48764,-78.487505,-78.487348,-78.487202,-78.486906,-78.486721,-78.486513,-78.486344,-78.486194,-78.485902,-78.48567,-78.48518,-78.484964,-78.483079,-78.482705,-78.481733,-78.480258,-78.479626,-78.478434,-78.477961,-78.477133,-78.476829,-78.476443,-78.475797,-78.475658,-78.475398,-78.475063,-78.474965,-78.474841,-78.474568,-78.474184,-78.473376,-78.47291,-78.472753,-78.472383,-78.472251,-78.472054,-78.471611,-78.471251,-78.471057,-78.46955,-78.469265,-78.469163,-78.469049,-78.468991,-78.468934,-78.468915,-78.468772,-78.468691,-78.468662,-78.467963,-78.467729,-78.467504,-78.467338,-78.467151,-78.466998,-78.466512,-78.465949,-78.465733,-78.465517,-78.465388,-78.465111,-78.464436,-78.463894,-78.463757,-78.463653,-78.463602,-78.463485,-78.46333,-78.463217,-78.463049,-78.462869,-78.462421,-78.462204,-78.46148,-78.4614,-78.461291,-78.461222,-78.461143,-78.461045,-78.460893,-78.460791,-78.460172,-78.459831,-78.459669,-78.45948,-78.459335,-78.459264,-78.45917,-78.459072,-78.458958,-78.458883,-78.458802,-78.458684,-78.458548,-78.458316,-78.458242,-78.458163,-78.457948,-78.457837,-78.457712,-78.45763,-78.457501,-78.457362,-78.457225,-78.457054,-78.45688,-78.45661,-78.456309,-78.455976,-78.455441,-78.455218,-78.454536,-78.454187,-78.453668,-78.453107,-78.452873,-78.452782,-78.452364,-78.451995,-78.451835,-78.451751,-78.451669,-78.451573,-78.451429,-78.451154,-78.450968,-78.45086,-78.450743,-78.450629,-78.450516,-78.450403,-78.450337,-78.45014,-78.44995,-78.449605,-78.449366,-78.449181,-78.449095,-78.448999,-78.448932,-78.448867,-78.448791,-78.448759,-78.448691,-78.448488,-78.448286,-78.447535,-78.447125,-78.446921,-78.445974,-78.445501,-78.444736,-78.444567,-78.444442,-78.444261,-78.443815,-78.443353,-78.443117,-78.44295,-78.442655,-78.442401,-78.442191,-78.441931,-78.441631,-78.441185,-78.440862,-78.440339,-78.440043,-78.439205,-78.438531,-78.43833,-78.438086,-78.437837,-78.437701,-78.437535,-78.437206,-78.437099,-78.437006,-78.436857,-78.436736,-78.436416,-78.436235,-78.436047,-78.435876,-78.435669,-78.4354,-78.435246,-78.435138,-78.435016,-78.434882,-78.434636,-78.434381,-78.43427,-78.434032,-78.43379,-78.433368,-78.433016,-78.432609,-78.432289,-78.432001,-78.431705,-78.43154,-78.431365,-78.431218,-78.431136,-78.431021,-78.430893,-78.430861,-78.430751,-78.430401,-78.430034,-78.429451,-78.429347,-78.429028,-78.42881,-78.428528,-78.428124,-78.427967,-78.427465,-78.427038,-78.426698,-78.42632,-78.426018,-78.425906,-78.425579,-78.425289,-78.425084,-78.42487,-78.424693,-78.424191,-78.423805,-78.423492,-78.423133,-78.42269,-78.422417,-78.422199,-78.422031,-78.421874,-78.42169,-78.42152,-78.421305,-78.421023,-78.420802,-78.420658,-78.420499,-78.420326,-78.420173,-78.42,-78.41993,-78.419872,-78.419293,-78.418926,-78.418454,-78.418275,-78.418107,-78.417985,-78.417847,-78.417599,-78.417528,-78.417451,-78.417441,-78.417384,-78.417334,-78.417309,-78.417232,-78.417149,-78.417129,-78.417067,-78.416989,-78.416914,-78.41683,-78.416707,-78.416569,-78.416409,-78.416311,-78.416178,-78.415397,-78.41516,-78.414979,-78.41444,-78.414229,-78.413606,-78.413317,-78.413153,-78.413086,-78.412978,-78.412794,-78.412206,-78.411607,-78.41138,-78.411318,-78.411154,-78.410978,-78.410809,-78.410608,-78.41044,-78.410315,-78.410225,-78.410083,-78.409983,-78.4099,-78.409818,-78.409761,-78.409736,-78.409722,-78.409699,-78.409587,-78.409455,-78.409163,-78.408997,-78.408732,-78.408515,-78.407797,-78.407415,-78.407157,-78.406831,-78.406532,-78.406255,-78.405909,-78.405473,-78.40465,-78.403564,-78.403373,-78.403274,-78.402828,-78.402593,-78.402348,-78.401307,-78.399088,-78.397856,-78.397747,-78.395286,-78.393626,-78.3931,-78.391726,-78.390799,-78.38966,-78.388438,-78.387872,-78.387415,-78.386322,-78.385487,-78.384697,-78.384434,-78.384166,-78.383893,-78.383437,-78.383088,-78.382948,-78.382448,-78.381999,-78.381694,-78.381443,-78.381165,-78.38089,-78.380618,-78.380403,-78.38014,-78.379145,-78.377936,-78.377653,-78.377492,-78.37736,-78.377295,-78.376318,-78.375981,-78.375079,-78.374764,-78.374446,-78.374021,-78.373663,-78.373518,-78.372992,-78.372512,-78.372244,-78.372214,-78.37207,-78.37189,-78.371704,-78.37117,-78.370972,-78.370739,-78.370588,-78.370441,-78.370298,-78.370079,-78.369897,-78.369727,-78.368978,-78.368825,-78.368712,-78.368666,-78.36856,-78.368443,-78.368316,-78.368043,-78.367984,-78.367897,-78.367798,-78.36771,-78.367616,-78.36747,-78.367322,-78.367039,-78.365644,-78.365432,-78.365225,-78.365024,-78.363412,-78.363314,-78.363208,-78.363097,-78.362983,-78.362915,-78.361098,-78.360241,-78.359666,-78.359093,-78.35795,-78.357063,-78.355764,-78.354785,-78.354558,-78.354302,-78.353903,-78.353511,-78.353276,-78.35181,-78.351678,-78.351545,-78.351413,-78.351259,-78.351138,-78.350739,-78.350346,-78.349748,-78.348523,-78.347625,-78.347539,-78.347443,-78.347371,-78.34726,-78.347155,-78.347114,-78.347042,-78.34617,-78.344893,-78.344795,-78.344673,-78.344572,-78.344494,-78.343695,-78.343259,-78.34283,-78.341575,-78.341383,-78.341228,-78.340317,-78.340263,-78.34014,-78.339972,-78.339625,-78.339463,-78.339124,-78.338797,-78.338543,-78.337304,-78.337015,-78.336699,-78.336027,-78.335591,-78.335144,-78.334689,-78.334412,-78.33375,-78.333493,-78.333165,-78.332641,-78.331394,-78.331157,-78.330914,-78.330664,-78.330161,-78.329788,-78.32905,-78.328965,-78.327865,-78.327515,-78.32722,-78.326857,-78.32661,-78.326365,-78.326067,-78.32576,-78.325289,-78.325012,-78.323956,-78.323651,-78.323344,-78.323034,-78.322785,-78.322474,-78.322164,-78.321866,-78.321635,-78.32135,-78.321014,-78.32074,-78.320422,-78.320324,-78.319948,-78.319607,-78.319266,-78.318965,-78.318874,-78.317221,-78.316974,-78.315312,-78.314567,-78.314118,-78.313658,-78.313071,-78.312683,-78.312282,-78.31204,-78.311825,-78.311649,-78.311263,-78.310961,-78.31082,-78.310418,-78.310179,-78.309938,-78.309841,-78.308437,-78.307977,-78.307179,-78.306787,-78.306396,-78.305875,-78.30545,-78.305104,-78.304697,-78.304271,-78.303814,-78.303634,-78.303056,-78.302781,-78.302543,-78.302315,-78.306451,-78.30654,-78.306713,-78.30759,-78.307651,-78.307659,-78.307666,-78.307686,-78.307803,-78.308783,-78.309153,-78.309339,-78.309384,-78.309507,-78.309797,-78.314665,-78.314965,-78.314983,-78.317001,-78.320215,-78.322809,-78.322835,-78.323088,-78.325779,-78.327151,-78.32925,-78.330145,-78.330428,-78.330505,-78.33054,-78.330589,-78.3307,-78.331028,-78.331105,-78.331143,-78.332589,-78.333336,-78.333441,-78.334214,-78.33422,-78.334821,-78.334835,-78.334844,-78.334859,-78.334883,-78.334896,-78.335579,-78.335924,-78.33677,-78.336793,-78.336807,-78.336886,-78.337274,-78.337481,-78.337555,-78.337563,-78.337574,-78.337601,-78.338342,-78.338471,-78.338505,-78.33852,-78.338533,-78.338539,-78.338545,-78.338631,-78.338798,-78.33902,-78.340217,-78.340442,-78.341322,-78.341806,-78.342212,-78.342557,-78.342568,-78.342586,-78.343493,-78.344822,-78.34823,-78.348261,-78.348603,-78.348721,-78.349169,-78.3494,-78.34942,-78.349426,-78.350069,-78.352017,-78.353415,-78.353571,-78.354026,-78.354095,-78.354108,-78.354191,-78.354225,-78.354287,-78.354391,-78.354439,-78.354491,-78.35457,-78.354646,-78.355103,-78.360328,-78.360378,-78.366396,-78.370799,-78.370855,-78.37151,-78.371522,-78.371533,-78.371628,-78.37179,-78.37472,-78.37529,-78.375325,-78.376963,-78.379197,-78.379527,-78.380633,-78.381792,-78.381857,-78.382129,-78.384712,-78.384806,-78.384899,-78.385083,-78.385267,-78.386694,-78.386808,-78.388119,-78.388839,-78.390381,-78.390882,-78.393102,-78.393956,-78.397572,-78.400174,-78.401536,-78.401637,-78.402048,-78.402104,-78.402191,-78.40226,-78.402283,-78.402417,-78.402425,-78.402441,-78.402536,-78.403058,-78.40307,-78.403671,-78.409861,-78.411888,-78.411917,-78.41288,-78.412888,-78.413295,-78.413714,-78.414552,-78.415052,-78.415062,-78.416737,-78.416858,-78.417197,-78.41773,-78.418894,-78.418958,-78.419807,-78.420108,-78.420562,-78.42085,-78.421632,-78.421692,-78.421754,-78.422148,-78.422543,-78.422918,-78.42438,-78.424469,-78.424559,-78.424587,-78.424595,-78.424685,-78.424819,-78.424846,-78.424921,-78.425013,-78.425196,-78.425327,-78.425338,-78.425351,-78.425382,-78.425425,-78.425465,-78.425585,-78.42563,-78.425637,-78.425654,-78.425702,-78.426175,-78.426217,-78.426238,-78.426268,-78.427107,-78.427328,-78.427353,-78.427376,-78.42746,-78.427557,-78.428521,-78.429525,-78.433486,-78.433937,-78.437334,-78.439733,-78.439774,-78.442347,-78.442865,-78.443108,-78.444283,-78.444487,-78.447098,-78.449748,-78.45054,-78.45069,-78.450728,-78.450738,-78.450755,-78.450799,-78.4513,-78.452839,-78.453809,-78.454892,-78.458045,-78.460107,-78.462253,-78.462353,-78.462492,-78.463078,-78.463172,-78.463183,-78.463246,-78.463265,-78.463324,-78.465016,-78.465052,-78.465074,-78.465089,-78.465649,-78.467593,-78.468568,-78.46924,-78.47001,-78.471443,-78.47154,-78.471591,-78.471711,-78.472243,-78.4732,-78.473291,-78.474009,-78.474411,-78.475063,-78.475128,-78.475397,-78.475592,-78.475757,-78.475847,-78.475989,-78.47637,-78.476587,-78.477353,-78.477663,-78.477732,-78.478185,-78.479095,-78.479334,-78.479785,-78.480311,-78.481126,-78.481444,-78.481695,-78.481953,-78.482494,-78.482589,-78.482685,-78.482741,-78.48293,-78.483287,-78.483362,-78.483388,-78.483499,-78.483908,-78.483919,-78.484292,-78.484558,-78.484863,-78.485028,-78.485071,-78.485214,-78.485332,-78.485409,-78.485535,-78.485724,-78.485804,-78.485851,-78.48589,-78.485936,-78.485977,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485989,-78.485977,-78.485959,-78.485933,-78.485906,-78.485826,-78.485776,-78.485639,-78.485557,-78.485466,-78.485366,-78.485236,-78.485114,-78.485071,-78.484837,-78.484825,-78.484769,-78.484713,-78.484651,-78.484548,-78.484504,-78.484444,-78.4844,-78.484391,-78.484409,-78.484432,-78.484468,-78.484481,-78.484574,-78.484735,-78.484799,-78.484912,-78.484998,-78.485081,-78.48512,-78.485139,-78.485148,-78.485148,-78.485154,-78.485151,-78.485122,-78.485106,-78.485085,-78.485029,-78.485015,-78.484999,-78.484987,-78.484973,-78.484922,-78.484846,-78.484763,-78.48466,-78.484539,-78.484476,-78.484356,-78.484184,-78.484111,-78.483919,-78.48354,-78.483175,-78.48209,-78.481573,-78.48126,-78.48102,-78.480797,-78.480574,-78.480433,-78.480343,-78.48026,-78.479838,-78.479537,-78.479208,-78.478998,-78.478844,-78.478501,-78.4781,-78.477554,-78.477139,-78.476256,-78.475536,-78.474167,-78.473669,-78.47308,-78.472751,-78.47245,-78.472311,-78.471748,-78.471504,-78.471276,-78.471011,-78.470785,-78.47019,-78.469983,-78.469843,-78.469759,-78.469235,-78.468969,-78.468559,-78.467723,-78.466985,-78.46683,-78.466565,-78.466319,-78.466045,-78.465721,-78.465475,-78.465123,-78.464907,-78.46435,-78.464204,-78.463821,-78.46333,-78.463064,-78.462768,-78.462502,-78.462274,-78.46203,-78.461736,-78.460534,-78.460312,-78.460241,-78.459933,-78.459607,-78.459479,-78.459463,-78.458735,-78.456946,-78.456585,-78.456473,-78.456256,-78.456107,-78.455888,-78.455803,-78.455477,-78.455402,-78.455338,-78.455273,-78.455226,-78.455175,-78.455155,-78.455117,-78.455094,-78.455072,-78.455026,-78.455021,-78.45497,-78.454933,-78.454891,-78.454839,-78.454824,-78.454756,-78.454687,-78.454609,-78.454559,-78.454491,-78.454462,-78.454285,-78.454275,-78.454191,-78.454118,-78.453999,-78.453909,-78.453696,-78.453471,-78.453246,-78.452933,-78.452404,-78.452328,-78.452291,-78.452247,-78.452202,-78.452166,-78.452168,-78.452198,-78.452235,-78.45231,-78.452363,-78.452656,-78.453004,-78.454022,-78.454272,-78.454733,-78.454858,-78.454989,-78.455212,-78.455787,-78.455994,-78.456295,-78.456493,-78.457232,-78.457584,-78.457921,-78.458318,-78.458553,-78.458694,-78.459142,-78.45962,-78.460186,-78.46046,-78.460524,-78.461541,-78.462193,-78.462522,-78.463264,-78.463517,-78.464174,-78.464572,-78.465118,-78.465595,-78.465889,-78.466127,-78.466626,-78.466781,-78.46689,-78.46832,-78.468842,-78.469417,-78.469538,-78.469674,-78.469793,-78.469895,-78.46998,-78.470054,-78.4701,-78.470267,-78.47042,-78.470493,-78.47068,-78.470873,-78.470999,-78.471019,-78.471084,-78.471151,-78.471229,-78.471334,-78.471405,-78.472197,-78.472667,-78.472907,-78.47338,-78.473452,-78.47453,-78.474652,-78.474815,-78.474933,-78.475034,-78.475119,-78.475187,-78.475237,-78.475251,-78.475283,-78.475301,-78.475326,-78.475353,-78.475379,-78.475383,-78.475403,-78.475437,-78.47549,-78.475561,-78.47563,-78.475755,-78.475878,-78.476017,-78.476141,-78.47624,-78.476727,-78.47719,-78.477318,-78.47746,-78.477585,-78.477693,-78.477767,-78.477837,-78.477889,-78.477923,-78.478026,-78.478058,-78.478091,-78.478141,-78.478224,-78.478272,-78.478369,-78.478505,-78.478631,-78.478741,-78.47886,-78.478988,-78.479125,-78.479307,-78.479501,-78.479664,-78.479877,-78.480099,-78.480356,-78.480627,-78.480905,-78.481188,-78.481417,-78.481914,-78.48257,-78.482979,-78.483291,-78.483598,-78.483898,-78.48419,-78.484799,-78.485511,-78.486457,-78.486906,-78.48722,-78.487523,-78.487822,-78.487899,-78.488203,-78.488464,-78.488712,-78.488855,-78.489085,-78.489258,-78.489461,-78.489649,-78.489729,-78.491384,-78.491599,-78.492117,-78.49352,-78.494207,-78.49438,-78.494533,-78.494645,-78.494703,-78.494755,-78.494815,-78.494858,-78.494857,-78.494854,-78.494825,-78.49477,-78.494658,-78.494598,-78.49452,-78.494387,-78.494271,-78.494017,-78.493857,-78.493486,-78.493236,-78.493034,-78.492745,-78.492648,-78.492491,-78.492379,-78.492326,-78.492274,-78.49227,-78.492257,-78.492263,-78.4923,-78.492347,-78.492458,-78.492463,-78.492453,-78.492418,-78.49238,-78.492298,-78.492205,-78.492162,-78.492072,-78.492012,-78.491936,-78.491829,-78.491518,-78.491043,-78.490672,-78.49053,-78.490281,-78.490106,-78.489845,-78.489567,-78.489526,-78.489188,-78.489014,-78.488628,-78.488358,-78.487895,-78.48744,-78.48692,-78.485585,-78.485062,-78.484867,-78.484616,-78.483875,-78.483409,-78.48313,-78.48286,-78.482442,-78.482127,-78.482034,-78.481746,-78.481041,-78.480122,-78.479926,-78.479536,-78.479083,-78.47875,-78.477798,-78.477531,-78.47597,-78.475174,-78.474613,-78.474183,-78.474005,-78.474237,-78.474354,-78.474477,-78.474712,-78.474944,-78.475283,-78.475436,-78.475546,-78.47596,-78.476208,-78.476456,-78.478161,-78.479667,-78.480018,-78.480541,-78.48109,-78.481248,-78.481463,-78.481654,-78.481881,-78.482091,-78.482245,-78.482389,-78.482537,-78.482634,-78.482874,-78.483588,-78.483726,-78.48384,-78.483878,-78.484228,-78.484607,-78.48504,-78.485596,-78.485805,-78.486362,-78.486629,-78.486935,-78.48751,-78.487736,-78.487955,-78.488475,-78.488663,-78.488775,-78.488927,-78.488965,-78.489213,-78.489293,-78.489497,-78.49028,-78.490451,-78.490602,-78.490872,-78.491943,-78.492041,-78.492061,-78.49214,-78.492326,-78.492527,-78.492726,-78.492914,-78.493177,-78.493345,-78.493467,-78.493658,-78.494343,-78.494654,-78.494736,-78.495028,-78.495099,-78.496035,-78.496113,-78.496688,-78.497549,-78.497712,-78.497766,-78.498268,-78.49903,-78.499639,-78.499754,-78.500336,-78.50044,-78.500577,-78.500654,-78.500738,-78.500756,-78.500806,-78.500833,-78.500869,-78.500867],"lat":[37.585225,37.585445,37.58562,37.585878,37.586464,37.587167,37.587481,37.587726,37.588009,37.588257,37.589015,37.58922,37.589773,37.590284,37.592391,37.59375,37.594197,37.594491,37.594993,37.595317,37.595912,37.597752,37.598108,37.598908,37.599129,37.599316,37.599547,37.600049,37.600139,37.60066,37.600911,37.601427,37.602264,37.602978,37.603272,37.604023,37.604495,37.604551,37.604797,37.605096,37.605335,37.605589,37.606214,37.607179,37.607442,37.609077,37.60945,37.610048,37.6107,37.611278,37.611834,37.612015,37.611888,37.611785,37.611594,37.611487,37.611376,37.611302,37.611251,37.611166,37.611107,37.610975,37.610912,37.610438,37.610335,37.610089,37.609708,37.609539,37.609247,37.609138,37.60896,37.608902,37.608826,37.608691,37.608678,37.608683,37.608731,37.60875,37.60876,37.608764,37.608747,37.608702,37.608688,37.608689,37.608703,37.608722,37.608747,37.608777,37.608792,37.608789,37.608727,37.608706,37.608687,37.608648,37.608614,37.608564,37.608541,37.608316,37.608155,37.608087,37.607626,37.607492,37.607369,37.607298,37.607256,37.607232,37.607191,37.60713,37.60712,37.607125,37.607135,37.607192,37.607354,37.607499,37.607553,37.607605,37.607635,37.607711,37.607828,37.60793,37.608094,37.60825,37.608601,37.608765,37.609212,37.609251,37.609288,37.609303,37.609303,37.609292,37.609253,37.609215,37.608904,37.608718,37.608643,37.608569,37.608519,37.60849,37.608466,37.608455,37.608461,37.608476,37.608512,37.608589,37.608693,37.608883,37.608974,37.609094,37.609446,37.609572,37.60969,37.609756,37.609832,37.609894,37.609927,37.609954,37.609966,37.609974,37.609991,37.610028,37.610072,37.610094,37.610194,37.610226,37.610267,37.61033,37.61036,37.610373,37.610427,37.61047,37.610472,37.610464,37.610447,37.610413,37.610333,37.610162,37.610039,37.609986,37.609946,37.609921,37.609911,37.609916,37.609926,37.609979,37.610046,37.610197,37.61032,37.610426,37.610487,37.610573,37.610642,37.610687,37.61072,37.610729,37.610741,37.610746,37.610737,37.610676,37.610628,37.610612,37.610481,37.610427,37.61036,37.610333,37.610306,37.610229,37.609986,37.609707,37.609545,37.609411,37.609151,37.608907,37.608725,37.608572,37.608418,37.608212,37.608076,37.6079,37.607801,37.607536,37.607342,37.607274,37.607175,37.607057,37.606981,37.606872,37.606618,37.606516,37.606406,37.606198,37.606009,37.605533,37.60523,37.604976,37.604773,37.604544,37.604273,37.60413,37.604014,37.603906,37.603809,37.603668,37.603539,37.603494,37.603416,37.603347,37.603251,37.603154,37.603053,37.60296,37.60287,37.602798,37.602789,37.602796,37.602682,37.602611,37.60254,37.602485,37.602469,37.602416,37.602233,37.602022,37.601694,37.601648,37.601523,37.60145,37.601373,37.601255,37.601209,37.601082,37.60097,37.600863,37.600725,37.600597,37.600549,37.600393,37.600235,37.600132,37.600041,37.599977,37.599827,37.599723,37.59965,37.599556,37.599425,37.599312,37.599205,37.59911,37.598988,37.598825,37.598652,37.598349,37.597925,37.59763,37.597463,37.597305,37.597156,37.597045,37.596928,37.596884,37.596847,37.596525,37.596338,37.596083,37.595973,37.595852,37.595751,37.595616,37.595324,37.595223,37.595086,37.595065,37.594871,37.594677,37.594522,37.593812,37.593273,37.593202,37.593025,37.592853,37.592718,37.592586,37.59242,37.592262,37.592103,37.592025,37.591936,37.591506,37.591357,37.59123,37.590809,37.590622,37.590114,37.589904,37.589802,37.589767,37.589711,37.589634,37.589476,37.589332,37.58926,37.589237,37.589166,37.589075,37.588976,37.588842,37.588719,37.588604,37.588507,37.588322,37.588181,37.588032,37.587843,37.587672,37.587561,37.587498,37.587426,37.587133,37.586724,37.585819,37.585242,37.585375,37.585497,37.585915,37.586134,37.586277,37.586448,37.586618,37.586822,37.587106,37.587521,37.588425,37.589688,37.589893,37.589993,37.590533,37.590392,37.590261,37.589786,37.588815,37.588268,37.588219,37.587184,37.586535,37.586329,37.585865,37.585506,37.585005,37.584539,37.584342,37.584194,37.583822,37.583519,37.583267,37.583197,37.58314,37.583098,37.583045,37.58302,37.583014,37.582972,37.582952,37.582947,37.582949,37.58297,37.583004,37.583052,37.5831,37.583172,37.583479,37.583799,37.583863,37.583887,37.583896,37.583897,37.583863,37.583832,37.583713,37.583672,37.583628,37.583549,37.58347,37.583435,37.583294,37.583147,37.583059,37.583046,37.582993,37.582939,37.582899,37.582805,37.582782,37.582737,37.582696,37.582648,37.582591,37.582486,37.582381,37.582263,37.581763,37.581643,37.58154,37.581493,37.581374,37.581214,37.581008,37.580506,37.58043,37.580342,37.580264,37.580208,37.58016,37.580125,37.580099,37.580075,37.579955,37.579919,37.579869,37.579804,37.579251,37.579205,37.579172,37.579153,37.579148,37.579151,37.579019,37.578986,37.578949,37.578898,37.578762,37.578654,37.578487,37.578379,37.578366,37.578363,37.578375,37.5784,37.578423,37.578526,37.578539,37.578538,37.578523,37.578487,37.578442,37.578237,37.578019,37.577665,37.57685,37.576195,37.576148,37.576114,37.576098,37.576086,37.57609,37.576096,37.576121,37.576435,37.576907,37.576928,37.576934,37.576922,37.576903,37.576656,37.576543,37.576415,37.576007,37.575966,37.575949,37.575943,37.575937,37.575919,37.575882,37.575773,37.57571,37.575529,37.575336,37.575173,37.574404,37.574227,37.574045,37.573676,37.573456,37.573249,37.573054,37.572943,37.57265,37.572524,37.572378,37.57217,37.571644,37.571559,37.571488,37.571432,37.571307,37.571215,37.571033,37.571013,37.570746,37.570686,37.570651,37.570627,37.570621,37.570624,37.57064,37.570673,37.570737,37.570793,37.571009,37.571061,37.571098,37.571121,37.57113,37.571127,37.571111,37.57108,37.571046,37.570991,37.570907,37.570822,37.570703,37.570661,37.570487,37.570312,37.570083,37.569864,37.569794,37.568687,37.568522,37.567384,37.566848,37.566563,37.566279,37.565896,37.565637,37.56539,37.565256,37.565157,37.565088,37.564958,37.564873,37.564838,37.564756,37.564724,37.564705,37.564702,37.564722,37.56474,37.564733,37.564714,37.564681,37.564612,37.564548,37.56448,37.564385,37.564269,37.564131,37.564072,37.563867,37.563739,37.563618,37.563517,37.558076,37.557959,37.557732,37.556578,37.556498,37.556488,37.556478,37.556452,37.556299,37.555026,37.554546,37.554306,37.554246,37.554085,37.553708,37.547315,37.54692,37.546897,37.544078,37.539589,37.535962,37.535925,37.535572,37.531809,37.529857,37.526915,37.525661,37.525264,37.525156,37.525107,37.525037,37.524882,37.524422,37.524316,37.524263,37.522257,37.521275,37.521135,37.520091,37.520083,37.519281,37.519261,37.519249,37.519229,37.519197,37.51918,37.518268,37.517808,37.516681,37.51665,37.516632,37.516527,37.51601,37.515734,37.515635,37.515624,37.515609,37.515573,37.514585,37.514413,37.514368,37.514349,37.514331,37.514323,37.514315,37.514201,37.513978,37.513682,37.512087,37.511787,37.510614,37.509969,37.509428,37.508968,37.508953,37.508929,37.507718,37.505946,37.501402,37.501361,37.500905,37.500747,37.500149,37.499787,37.499758,37.49975,37.498851,37.496125,37.49417,37.494093,37.493819,37.493764,37.49372,37.493654,37.493599,37.493571,37.493544,37.493489,37.493404,37.493275,37.49322,37.49256,37.485024,37.484952,37.476716,37.470693,37.470616,37.469647,37.469629,37.469613,37.469473,37.469233,37.464898,37.464153,37.464107,37.461969,37.459056,37.458625,37.457035,37.455365,37.455271,37.45488,37.451256,37.451125,37.450994,37.450738,37.450481,37.448475,37.448322,37.446559,37.445588,37.443517,37.442822,37.439735,37.438547,37.433889,37.430122,37.42815,37.428004,37.427411,37.427361,37.427284,37.427168,37.427129,37.426907,37.426883,37.426868,37.426712,37.425857,37.42584,37.425009,37.416434,37.413668,37.413628,37.412314,37.412303,37.411746,37.411175,37.410033,37.409368,37.409352,37.406669,37.406475,37.406017,37.405385,37.404009,37.403934,37.402782,37.402376,37.401768,37.401384,37.400349,37.400269,37.400186,37.399664,37.39914,37.398645,37.396617,37.396492,37.396369,37.396327,37.396315,37.396179,37.395972,37.39593,37.395815,37.395676,37.395399,37.395196,37.395179,37.395159,37.395111,37.395045,37.394984,37.394801,37.394733,37.394722,37.394697,37.394624,37.393904,37.393849,37.393821,37.393781,37.392679,37.392386,37.392353,37.392322,37.39221,37.392077,37.390782,37.389436,37.383776,37.383134,37.378417,37.375238,37.375178,37.371384,37.37062,37.370261,37.368528,37.368247,37.364624,37.360948,37.359849,37.359641,37.359588,37.359574,37.35955,37.359489,37.358794,37.356659,37.355313,37.353812,37.34944,37.346581,37.343606,37.343466,37.343271,37.342459,37.342329,37.342313,37.342226,37.3422,37.342119,37.339778,37.339727,37.339695,37.339677,37.340083,37.340875,37.341454,37.341552,37.341047,37.340675,37.340623,37.340703,37.340881,37.341699,37.343148,37.343286,37.344399,37.344997,37.345993,37.346093,37.34651,37.346813,37.347092,37.347227,37.34744,37.348032,37.348347,37.349525,37.349991,37.350098,37.350799,37.352183,37.35256,37.353243,37.354052,37.355296,37.355805,37.356231,37.356688,37.357694,37.357878,37.358064,37.358176,37.358553,37.35934,37.359515,37.359577,37.359834,37.360827,37.360854,37.361754,37.362428,37.363183,37.363607,37.363713,37.364064,37.364387,37.364628,37.365081,37.365809,37.366183,37.366449,37.366746,37.367226,37.367763,37.368044,37.368271,37.368566,37.369124,37.369527,37.369796,37.369984,37.370556,37.37085,37.371565,37.37201,37.37247,37.373073,37.373813,37.374461,37.374689,37.37601,37.376074,37.376367,37.376702,37.377034,37.377604,37.377926,37.378477,37.379052,37.379965,37.380333,37.380646,37.380978,37.381082,37.381734,37.38294,37.383452,37.384334,37.384958,37.385655,37.385977,37.386368,37.386514,37.386721,37.386945,37.387357,37.388162,37.388629,37.389063,37.390388,37.390854,37.391271,37.39145,37.391857,37.392347,37.392686,37.39295,37.393199,37.393442,37.39354,37.393727,37.393962,37.394054,37.394275,37.394668,37.395046,37.396155,37.396689,37.396978,37.397181,37.39736,37.397518,37.397611,37.397668,37.397715,37.397953,37.398104,37.398251,37.398332,37.398386,37.398506,37.398638,37.398812,37.398949,37.399242,37.399471,37.399922,37.4001,37.400339,37.400485,37.40063,37.400701,37.401003,37.401144,37.401282,37.401451,37.401604,37.402038,37.402204,37.402323,37.402392,37.402865,37.403131,37.403575,37.404517,37.405336,37.405495,37.405744,37.405958,37.406165,37.406385,37.406531,37.406717,37.406821,37.407075,37.407138,37.407303,37.407527,37.407659,37.407822,37.407986,37.408144,37.408326,37.408563,37.409574,37.409768,37.40983,37.410122,37.410466,37.41061,37.410629,37.411556,37.41386,37.414329,37.414495,37.41484,37.415096,37.415541,37.41573,37.41644,37.416634,37.416831,37.417054,37.417274,37.417656,37.417906,37.418818,37.419806,37.420353,37.422011,37.422465,37.42433,37.425,37.425537,37.425993,37.426176,37.426593,37.427116,37.427548,37.427873,37.42821,37.428379,37.429173,37.429214,37.429552,37.429807,37.430262,37.430582,37.431285,37.431955,37.432543,37.433376,37.434756,37.434966,37.435092,37.435298,37.43559,37.435946,37.436163,37.436455,37.436674,37.436963,37.437134,37.437964,37.438946,37.441822,37.442602,37.444228,37.444614,37.444926,37.445395,37.446548,37.446974,37.447585,37.447968,37.449471,37.450175,37.450808,37.451465,37.45182,37.452021,37.452621,37.453201,37.453821,37.454104,37.454168,37.455155,37.455808,37.456121,37.456864,37.457131,37.457771,37.458153,37.458693,37.459173,37.459501,37.459796,37.460469,37.460688,37.460842,37.462787,37.463498,37.464282,37.464468,37.464707,37.464952,37.465202,37.465455,37.46581,37.466112,37.467712,37.469184,37.469892,37.471578,37.473535,37.475068,37.475262,37.475654,37.475952,37.476236,37.476554,37.476744,37.478598,37.479674,37.48022,37.481311,37.481478,37.483949,37.484228,37.484598,37.484918,37.485241,37.485567,37.485895,37.486226,37.486396,37.487044,37.487503,37.488512,37.491298,37.492966,37.493162,37.494155,37.494526,37.494895,37.495262,37.495547,37.495939,37.496262,37.496581,37.496832,37.497019,37.497882,37.498679,37.498906,37.499185,37.49947,37.499759,37.499993,37.500322,37.500653,37.500985,37.502961,37.503456,37.503667,37.503875,37.504126,37.504242,37.50444,37.50467,37.50485,37.504988,37.505121,37.505249,37.505372,37.505516,37.50565,37.50575,37.505865,37.505968,37.506068,37.506156,37.506231,37.506291,37.506329,37.506402,37.506511,37.506586,37.506666,37.506759,37.506865,37.506984,37.507284,37.507644,37.508129,37.508366,37.508549,37.508743,37.508953,37.509011,37.509253,37.509482,37.50972,37.509871,37.510141,37.510362,37.510645,37.510935,37.511067,37.51364,37.513978,37.514805,37.517167,37.518332,37.518633,37.518928,37.5192,37.519365,37.519543,37.519811,37.520135,37.520257,37.520545,37.520779,37.521032,37.521413,37.521559,37.521722,37.52198,37.522169,37.522529,37.522742,37.523208,37.523536,37.523793,37.524183,37.524335,37.524639,37.524923,37.525106,37.525399,37.525451,37.525667,37.525891,37.526216,37.526766,37.527601,37.527741,37.527915,37.528123,37.528259,37.528508,37.528692,37.528764,37.528894,37.528972,37.529068,37.529205,37.529515,37.529918,37.530224,37.530348,37.530531,37.530662,37.53085,37.53104,37.531068,37.531291,37.531398,37.531638,37.531783,37.532022,37.532264,37.532533,37.533237,37.533507,37.533609,37.533741,37.534153,37.534444,37.534633,37.534829,37.535147,37.53541,37.535493,37.535757,37.536453,37.537389,37.537587,37.537985,37.538433,37.538776,37.539725,37.539996,37.541577,37.542372,37.542938,37.54338,37.543557,37.543673,37.543714,37.543741,37.543767,37.543807,37.543885,37.54393,37.543962,37.544125,37.54425,37.544376,37.545332,37.546168,37.546367,37.546655,37.546964,37.54706,37.547193,37.547334,37.54752,37.547716,37.547878,37.548046,37.548232,37.548382,37.548804,37.550228,37.550513,37.550733,37.550807,37.551491,37.552252,37.553111,37.554216,37.554629,37.555738,37.55626,37.556859,37.558031,37.558449,37.558897,37.559931,37.5603,37.56052,37.560817,37.560892,37.561392,37.561549,37.561935,37.563517,37.563854,37.564132,37.564675,37.566789,37.566994,37.567022,37.567171,37.567547,37.567938,37.56834,37.568705,37.569241,37.569555,37.569795,37.570172,37.571531,37.572167,37.572318,37.572892,37.573042,37.574895,37.575041,37.576185,37.577885,37.578218,37.578329,37.579322,37.580814,37.582022,37.582261,37.583411,37.583609,37.583903,37.584069,37.584272,37.584316,37.584497,37.584644,37.584974,37.585225]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F99306","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#CCAF2E"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 34.7%<br>Number of families: 281<br>Census Tract: 9301.02<br>Area Name: New Canton","Percent of families: 21.6%<br>Number of families: 252<br>Census Tract: 9302.02<br>Area Name: Mount Rush","Percent of families: 32%<br>Number of families: 315<br>Census Tract: 9301.01<br>Area Name: James River","Percent of families: 26.7%<br>Number of families: 288<br>Census Tract: 9302.01<br>Area Name: Dillwyn"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.329553,37.796963],"lng":[-78.833365,-78.239722]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Charlottesville City

#### Charlottesville City

There are 8,950 families living in the city of Charlottesville. Of
these, 1,710 (19.1%) do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs
and the costs associated with working.

Charlottesville City at a glance:

- Charlottesville and Albemarle County are the most expensive localities
  in the region given the costs of housing and childcare.

- Charlottesville has the largest racial disparity among struggling
  families; the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 (48%) is
  36% higher than the percent of white families making under \$35,000
  (12%).

- Families making less than \$35,000 a year tend to be more highly
  concentrated near the University of Virginia, in the 10th & Page and
  Venable neighborhoods and the JPA and Fontaine neighborhoods.

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Charlottesville City

<br/> As this table shows, 58% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families. In Charlottesville, however,
the percent of families making under \$35,000 a year are more evenly
distributed across the \$0-\$14,999 and \$15,000-\$34,999 ranges. This
distribution means that more families, relative to the other localities,
are in the lowest income range.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Charlottesville,
Black families are highly over-represented at the low end of the pay
ranges (under \$35,000 a year) and under-represented at the high end of
the pay ranges (over \$100,000 a year). In other words, relative to
white families, Black families are more likely to be paid insufficient
wages and less likely to be high-earning.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Charlottesville City

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-22-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income or the percent of families within the tract who
make less than \$35,000. The maps show how residents are often
concentrated into neighborhoods with either high-earning or low-earning
families, with implications for the resources and opportunities
available to the families living within each tract.

To see which neighborhoods in the city of Charlottesville have the
highest and lowest median family incomes, click on each tract to see its
median income and neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Charlottesville City

<div id="htmlwidget-564e4e3dc66efba73907" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-564e4e3dc66efba73907">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.500443,-78.500165,-78.500087,-78.500014,-78.499639,-78.499301,-78.499266,-78.499126,-78.498994,-78.498824,-78.498318,-78.497914,-78.497415,-78.496915,-78.496823,-78.496608,-78.494948,-78.493097,-78.493136,-78.492673,-78.492393,-78.490879,-78.490161,-78.489931,-78.489159,-78.488485,-78.48767,-78.487009,-78.485673,-78.484536,-78.483701,-78.483541,-78.482181,-78.481964,-78.481797,-78.48167,-78.480367,-78.480233,-78.479901,-78.479793,-78.479702,-78.47958,-78.479453,-78.479332,-78.479202,-78.479101,-78.478988,-78.478927,-78.47874,-78.478677,-78.47849,-78.478427,-78.478481,-78.480634,-78.480718,-78.480873,-78.481158,-78.481473,-78.482439,-78.482689,-78.482998,-78.483626,-78.484391,-78.485182,-78.485806,-78.485833,-78.486058,-78.486294,-78.486421,-78.486696,-78.487027,-78.487788,-78.487897,-78.488118,-78.488622,-78.488897,-78.489113,-78.489312,-78.48947,-78.490071,-78.490519,-78.491081,-78.491658,-78.491752,-78.492,-78.492208,-78.492292,-78.492616,-78.493091,-78.493429,-78.494309,-78.495272,-78.496233,-78.497196,-78.49772,-78.498225,-78.498725,-78.499349,-78.49945,-78.499976,-78.500286,-78.50037,-78.500443],"lat":[38.041735,38.042198,38.042293,38.042362,38.042663,38.042923,38.042949,38.04305,38.043133,38.043218,38.04344,38.043617,38.043838,38.044057,38.044097,38.04419,38.044915,38.045725,38.046377,38.046364,38.046344,38.046165,38.046062,38.046034,38.045947,38.045866,38.045775,38.045701,38.045549,38.045424,38.045344,38.045328,38.045147,38.045131,38.045085,38.045056,38.044871,38.044857,38.044834,38.044835,38.044843,38.044864,38.044899,38.044947,38.045016,38.045081,38.045172,38.045232,38.045481,38.045564,38.045334,38.045266,38.04519,38.042197,38.042081,38.041866,38.041471,38.041048,38.039756,38.039413,38.038976,38.038253,38.037572,38.036785,38.036166,38.036138,38.035874,38.035599,38.035452,38.035631,38.035856,38.036361,38.036438,38.036604,38.037012,38.037256,38.037431,38.037572,38.037669,38.037983,38.038132,38.038309,38.038474,38.038499,38.038573,38.038663,38.038704,38.038806,38.038974,38.0391,38.039428,38.039786,38.040144,38.040496,38.040687,38.040871,38.041056,38.041286,38.041324,38.041523,38.041639,38.041681,38.041735]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.485344,-78.484487,-78.484224,-78.483652,-78.483306,-78.482697,-78.48253,-78.482265,-78.481962,-78.481678,-78.481404,-78.481109,-78.480832,-78.480433,-78.480279,-78.479989,-78.479709,-78.47941,-78.479162,-78.479097,-78.478858,-78.478596,-78.478279,-78.478131,-78.478052,-78.477934,-78.47762,-78.477487,-78.477349,-78.477131,-78.477002,-78.476678,-78.476646,-78.476596,-78.475427,-78.475221,-78.474875,-78.474676,-78.474459,-78.474146,-78.473868,-78.47352,-78.473388,-78.473217,-78.472975,-78.47269,-78.472267,-78.471644,-78.470726,-78.470413,-78.470192,-78.469957,-78.468781,-78.467844,-78.467637,-78.467438,-78.46716,-78.466776,-78.466477,-78.466107,-78.46573,-78.465456,-78.465128,-78.464876,-78.464708,-78.464459,-78.464004,-78.463602,-78.463146,-78.462427,-78.462168,-78.462105,-78.462089,-78.462078,-78.462108,-78.462117,-78.46241,-78.462531,-78.462549,-78.462674,-78.46256,-78.463158,-78.46323,-78.46335,-78.463466,-78.463562,-78.463634,-78.46368,-78.464065,-78.464853,-78.465284,-78.465294,-78.46532,-78.465725,-78.46581,-78.465929,-78.466024,-78.466143,-78.466928,-78.467009,-78.467685,-78.468749,-78.468991,-78.469202,-78.468612,-78.468692,-78.468884,-78.468992,-78.469504,-78.470174,-78.471996,-78.472202,-78.472478,-78.472624,-78.474145,-78.474243,-78.474414,-78.474959,-78.475109,-78.475661,-78.47715,-78.477347,-78.477367,-78.4774,-78.477425,-78.47745,-78.477498,-78.477658,-78.477805,-78.477945,-78.478024,-78.47815,-78.478187,-78.478234,-78.478267,-78.478304,-78.478356,-78.478386,-78.478422,-78.478466,-78.478507,-78.47855,-78.478591,-78.47863,-78.478682,-78.478766,-78.478819,-78.478867,-78.478903,-78.478928,-78.47894,-78.478952,-78.478968,-78.478979,-78.478991,-78.479009,-78.479035,-78.479054,-78.479083,-78.479124,-78.479171,-78.479222,-78.479253,-78.479299,-78.479367,-78.479419,-78.479435,-78.479478,-78.479508,-78.479551,-78.479591,-78.479611,-78.479635,-78.479659,-78.479729,-78.479796,-78.479845,-78.479899,-78.479923,-78.479937,-78.480051,-78.480102,-78.480153,-78.480221,-78.480276,-78.480327,-78.480367,-78.480395,-78.480438,-78.480487,-78.48055,-78.480617,-78.480675,-78.480748,-78.480852,-78.480915,-78.480976,-78.481017,-78.481046,-78.481059,-78.481078,-78.481128,-78.481177,-78.481188,-78.481235,-78.481303,-78.481383,-78.481484,-78.48157,-78.481645,-78.481733,-78.481816,-78.481919,-78.482009,-78.482183,-78.482321,-78.482428,-78.482544,-78.482614,-78.4827,-78.482763,-78.482843,-78.482917,-78.482955,-78.48299,-78.483015,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.48302,-78.483012,-78.482999,-78.482995,-78.483006,-78.483006,-78.483015,-78.483042,-78.483061,-78.483064,-78.483078,-78.483086,-78.483086,-78.483082,-78.483064,-78.48305,-78.483033,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.483023,-78.483036,-78.483054,-78.483068,-78.483085,-78.483095,-78.483115,-78.483139,-78.483161,-78.483182,-78.483186,-78.483196,-78.483196,-78.483206,-78.483224,-78.483231,-78.483227,-78.483214,-78.483222,-78.483264,-78.483272,-78.483278,-78.483323,-78.483357,-78.483411,-78.483438,-78.483451,-78.483491,-78.483536,-78.483592,-78.483645,-78.483713,-78.483758,-78.483788,-78.483838,-78.483889,-78.483941,-78.484005,-78.484058,-78.484109,-78.484124,-78.484172,-78.484234,-78.484292,-78.484321,-78.484355,-78.484405,-78.48446,-78.484519,-78.484547,-78.484616,-78.484635,-78.484673,-78.484735,-78.484814,-78.4849,-78.485008,-78.485036,-78.485094,-78.485184,-78.485273,-78.485365,-78.485344],"lat":[38.015949,38.017048,38.017404,38.018189,38.018677,38.019498,38.019716,38.020064,38.020481,38.020874,38.021255,38.021652,38.02203,38.022592,38.022797,38.023188,38.023571,38.023985,38.024343,38.024439,38.024758,38.025117,38.025544,38.025759,38.025897,38.026173,38.026732,38.026942,38.027211,38.0276,38.027822,38.028364,38.028412,38.028484,38.028336,38.028297,38.028219,38.028172,38.028101,38.027991,38.02788,38.027729,38.027658,38.027558,38.027388,38.027188,38.026854,38.02637,38.025679,38.025437,38.025252,38.025046,38.023965,38.023064,38.022893,38.022758,38.022587,38.022409,38.022295,38.022188,38.022103,38.022066,38.022041,38.022034,38.022034,38.022059,38.022126,38.022222,38.022365,38.022528,38.022575,38.022588,38.022528,38.022488,38.022454,38.022444,38.022109,38.02197,38.021949,38.021809,38.021754,38.020924,38.020838,38.020714,38.020609,38.020533,38.020483,38.020451,38.020192,38.019699,38.019417,38.019411,38.019394,38.019128,38.019072,38.018992,38.018929,38.018854,38.01836,38.018309,38.017892,38.015504,38.014997,38.014555,38.014146,38.013933,38.013418,38.013122,38.011745,38.011908,38.012274,38.012316,38.012396,38.012439,38.012874,38.01298,38.013165,38.013758,38.013917,38.014511,38.014478,38.01426,38.014246,38.014232,38.014222,38.014212,38.014186,38.01415,38.014094,38.014038,38.014008,38.013967,38.013951,38.01393,38.013904,38.013878,38.013846,38.013835,38.013831,38.013824,38.013819,38.013787,38.013773,38.013739,38.013708,38.013664,38.013635,38.013602,38.013565,38.013551,38.013541,38.013523,38.013497,38.013477,38.013455,38.013437,38.013428,38.013418,38.013393,38.013336,38.013329,38.013329,38.013338,38.013355,38.013367,38.013381,38.013384,38.013392,38.01339,38.013382,38.013401,38.013417,38.013433,38.013433,38.013432,38.013434,38.013426,38.013429,38.013435,38.013436,38.013448,38.013442,38.013415,38.01337,38.013314,38.013243,38.013187,38.013129,38.013057,38.012989,38.012907,38.012831,38.012761,38.012669,38.012613,38.012582,38.012532,38.012479,38.012417,38.012344,38.01228,38.012184,38.012111,38.012094,38.012024,38.011961,38.011891,38.01184,38.011814,38.011801,38.011788,38.011777,38.011774,38.011776,38.011797,38.011802,38.011809,38.011812,38.011808,38.011813,38.011819,38.011825,38.011831,38.011851,38.011877,38.011922,38.011989,38.012058,38.012122,38.012209,38.012258,38.012317,38.012381,38.012453,38.012519,38.012559,38.012635,38.012676,38.012721,38.012766,38.01281,38.012888,38.012937,38.013031,38.013123,38.013227,38.013339,38.013432,38.013519,38.013607,38.013709,38.013801,38.013869,38.013934,38.013993,38.014048,38.014116,38.014186,38.014251,38.014342,38.014506,38.014567,38.01462,38.014677,38.014733,38.014771,38.0148,38.01484,38.01488,38.014899,38.014926,38.014951,38.014969,38.015006,38.015025,38.015045,38.015074,38.015103,38.015139,38.015179,38.015222,38.015253,38.015293,38.015314,38.015335,38.015363,38.015389,38.015433,38.015453,38.015475,38.015506,38.015532,38.015538,38.015536,38.015538,38.015558,38.015579,38.015605,38.015635,38.015645,38.015667,38.015697,38.015736,38.015776,38.015821,38.015831,38.015851,38.015881,38.015907,38.015923,38.015949]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.523634,-78.523635,-78.523636,-78.523631,-78.523609,-78.523562,-78.523499,-78.523487,-78.523451,-78.52341,-78.523377,-78.523352,-78.523341,-78.523352,-78.523356,-78.523344,-78.52323,-78.523152,-78.523067,-78.523035,-78.522935,-78.522435,-78.521987,-78.521816,-78.520767,-78.520251,-78.520048,-78.520226,-78.520235,-78.520243,-78.520254,-78.52026,-78.52026,-78.520236,-78.520035,-78.519988,-78.519955,-78.519777,-78.519832,-78.519908,-78.520022,-78.520104,-78.520179,-78.519824,-78.51826,-78.518294,-78.518388,-78.518358,-78.518305,-78.518294,-78.518167,-78.51802,-78.517853,-78.517812,-78.517561,-78.517536,-78.517106,-78.516731,-78.516533,-78.516501,-78.516278,-78.516153,-78.516078,-78.515615,-78.515396,-78.515168,-78.514973,-78.514818,-78.514667,-78.51461,-78.514463,-78.514311,-78.514211,-78.513947,-78.51382,-78.513466,-78.513454,-78.513109,-78.513039,-78.512897,-78.512884,-78.512409,-78.512376,-78.512132,-78.511908,-78.51101,-78.510963,-78.510757,-78.510616,-78.510594,-78.510527,-78.510355,-78.510317,-78.510151,-78.510094,-78.509829,-78.509613,-78.509565,-78.509518,-78.509389,-78.509377,-78.509213,-78.508978,-78.508804,-78.508709,-78.508614,-78.508507,-78.508415,-78.508287,-78.508208,-78.508165,-78.508099,-78.507964,-78.507793,-78.507752,-78.507655,-78.507456,-78.507332,-78.507162,-78.507112,-78.506737,-78.506532,-78.506247,-78.505683,-78.504753,-78.504579,-78.504535,-78.504218,-78.503892,-78.503771,-78.503645,-78.503626,-78.503317,-78.502834,-78.502815,-78.502743,-78.502599,-78.501997,-78.501837,-78.501774,-78.501705,-78.501638,-78.501608,-78.501068,-78.500246,-78.499928,-78.499854,-78.499142,-78.498945,-78.498922,-78.498047,-78.497623,-78.497128,-78.49655,-78.495933,-78.495351,-78.494961,-78.494139,-78.493334,-78.494048,-78.494974,-78.49565,-78.498191,-78.49884,-78.499698,-78.501643,-78.502936,-78.504629,-78.504772,-78.505246,-78.505517,-78.505683,-78.506304,-78.506944,-78.507698,-78.508331,-78.509134,-78.509734,-78.510448,-78.511507,-78.511834,-78.514983,-78.516352,-78.518035,-78.518795,-78.519787,-78.522637,-78.523634,-78.52368,-78.523634],"lat":[38.022401,38.0225,38.022739,38.022778,38.022939,38.022981,38.023061,38.023082,38.023147,38.023261,38.023382,38.023536,38.023817,38.023973,38.024149,38.024368,38.025229,38.025718,38.025984,38.026329,38.026317,38.026239,38.026203,38.02619,38.02611,38.026065,38.026045,38.027565,38.027639,38.027719,38.028066,38.02828,38.028301,38.028305,38.02834,38.02841,38.028459,38.028454,38.028644,38.028894,38.029264,38.029532,38.029781,38.02979,38.029827,38.02974,38.029483,38.029326,38.029046,38.028558,38.028566,38.028575,38.028581,38.028581,38.028579,38.028579,38.028588,38.028609,38.028631,38.028634,38.028664,38.028667,38.028661,38.028601,38.028582,38.028576,38.028589,38.028609,38.02864,38.028657,38.028701,38.02876,38.028806,38.028954,38.029033,38.029269,38.029277,38.029506,38.029548,38.029632,38.029639,38.029893,38.029911,38.030051,38.030198,38.030835,38.030869,38.03104,38.031178,38.031201,38.03127,38.031455,38.031493,38.031657,38.031713,38.03197,38.032161,38.032164,38.032167,38.032175,38.032176,38.0322,38.032243,38.032266,38.032175,38.032107,38.032052,38.032017,38.031987,38.031977,38.031971,38.031968,38.031972,38.031997,38.032003,38.032021,38.032066,38.032089,38.032106,38.032108,38.032095,38.032085,38.032071,38.032051,38.032025,38.032023,38.032024,38.032029,38.032044,38.032053,38.032057,38.032058,38.032066,38.032073,38.032073,38.032075,38.03208,38.032116,38.032133,38.032138,38.032155,38.032166,38.032171,38.032305,38.032526,38.032618,38.03264,38.032847,38.032901,38.032907,38.032209,38.032032,38.031841,38.031673,38.031542,38.031453,38.031404,38.031437,38.031439,38.031286,38.031012,38.030842,38.030292,38.030139,38.029936,38.029459,38.029073,38.028567,38.028524,38.028383,38.028309,38.028258,38.028057,38.02785,38.027606,38.027403,38.027139,38.026939,38.026633,38.026358,38.026236,38.025162,38.024706,38.024162,38.023916,38.023592,38.022665,38.022341,38.022327,38.022401]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.517369,-78.517256,-78.517074,-78.516072,-78.515071,-78.51495,-78.514855,-78.514605,-78.514476,-78.514107,-78.513997,-78.513962,-78.514471,-78.514634,-78.514327,-78.514298,-78.512971,-78.511909,-78.511389,-78.511116,-78.510963,-78.510898,-78.509998,-78.508372,-78.506783,-78.50667,-78.50657,-78.505934,-78.505397,-78.505043,-78.505002,-78.504987,-78.504927,-78.504839,-78.508938,-78.509045,-78.509338,-78.510297,-78.510147,-78.50997,-78.50979,-78.508761,-78.507989,-78.507916,-78.507768,-78.507738,-78.507616,-78.507113,-78.506554,-78.503908,-78.503748,-78.503701,-78.503075,-78.502256,-78.502146,-78.501501,-78.500882,-78.500402,-78.500257,-78.499444,-78.49931,-78.499043,-78.498973,-78.498778,-78.498143,-78.497779,-78.497295,-78.497097,-78.496855,-78.496678,-78.496468,-78.496363,-78.496123,-78.495932,-78.495388,-78.49523,-78.495134,-78.494833,-78.493284,-78.492873,-78.492197,-78.490389,-78.48906,-78.486826,-78.48641,-78.486246,-78.486045,-78.485801,-78.48555,-78.485197,-78.484852,-78.484573,-78.484367,-78.48427,-78.484022,-78.483668,-78.483513,-78.483326,-78.483046,-78.482814,-78.482597,-78.482445,-78.482271,-78.482112,-78.481962,-78.481818,-78.481416,-78.480888,-78.480625,-78.48057,-78.480424,-78.480364,-78.480341,-78.480184,-78.479782,-78.479404,-78.479265,-78.479173,-78.479043,-78.478946,-78.478801,-78.478731,-78.478677,-78.47874,-78.478927,-78.478988,-78.479101,-78.479202,-78.479332,-78.479453,-78.47958,-78.479702,-78.479793,-78.479901,-78.480233,-78.480367,-78.48167,-78.481797,-78.481964,-78.482181,-78.483541,-78.483701,-78.484536,-78.485673,-78.487009,-78.48767,-78.488485,-78.489159,-78.489931,-78.490161,-78.490879,-78.492393,-78.492673,-78.493136,-78.493097,-78.494948,-78.496608,-78.496823,-78.496915,-78.497415,-78.497914,-78.498318,-78.498824,-78.498994,-78.499126,-78.499266,-78.499301,-78.499639,-78.500014,-78.500087,-78.500165,-78.500443,-78.501015,-78.501248,-78.501326,-78.501375,-78.501425,-78.501489,-78.501709,-78.501874,-78.502104,-78.502018,-78.502037,-78.503603,-78.503678,-78.503713,-78.504224,-78.504258,-78.504297,-78.504334,-78.504391,-78.50451,-78.504591,-78.504778,-78.504831,-78.504911,-78.504979,-78.505022,-78.505068,-78.505111,-78.505157,-78.505176,-78.505211,-78.50525,-78.505312,-78.50537,-78.505634,-78.505718,-78.505324,-78.505383,-78.506256,-78.506325,-78.506766,-78.506833,-78.506887,-78.507123,-78.507128,-78.5075,-78.507519,-78.507573,-78.507658,-78.50784,-78.507843,-78.507867,-78.50794,-78.508096,-78.508409,-78.509942,-78.511954,-78.51333,-78.51378,-78.514564,-78.514545,-78.514578,-78.515527,-78.515562,-78.516099,-78.516331,-78.516833,-78.516892,-78.516865,-78.516653,-78.51647,-78.516385,-78.516272,-78.516578,-78.517028,-78.517267,-78.517369],"lat":[38.041186,38.041377,38.041703,38.043486,38.043857,38.04391,38.043951,38.04398,38.044034,38.044139,38.044161,38.044182,38.044671,38.044838,38.044742,38.044735,38.044361,38.044049,38.043795,38.043861,38.043904,38.043922,38.044145,38.044558,38.044961,38.045035,38.0451,38.045523,38.046405,38.046969,38.047035,38.047059,38.047154,38.047275,38.050316,38.050395,38.050606,38.051308,38.051596,38.051941,38.052285,38.05427,38.055763,38.055901,38.056186,38.056243,38.056269,38.056378,38.056499,38.057038,38.057069,38.057035,38.056566,38.055956,38.055874,38.055346,38.054819,38.054357,38.054218,38.053322,38.053184,38.052865,38.052775,38.052985,38.05377,38.054227,38.054815,38.055069,38.055363,38.055577,38.055826,38.055936,38.056209,38.056441,38.057116,38.057303,38.057414,38.057383,38.05722,38.057172,38.057101,38.056908,38.056767,38.05653,38.056476,38.056448,38.056408,38.056352,38.056282,38.056164,38.056032,38.055908,38.055805,38.055752,38.055606,38.055378,38.055269,38.055125,38.054885,38.054662,38.054429,38.054249,38.054023,38.053789,38.053539,38.053265,38.052384,38.051184,38.050543,38.0504,38.049998,38.049815,38.04975,38.049309,38.048128,38.047026,38.046597,38.046363,38.046097,38.045938,38.045728,38.045635,38.045564,38.045481,38.045232,38.045172,38.045081,38.045016,38.044947,38.044899,38.044864,38.044843,38.044835,38.044834,38.044857,38.044871,38.045056,38.045085,38.045131,38.045147,38.045328,38.045344,38.045424,38.045549,38.045701,38.045775,38.045866,38.045947,38.046034,38.046062,38.046165,38.046344,38.046364,38.046377,38.045725,38.044915,38.04419,38.044097,38.044057,38.043838,38.043617,38.04344,38.043218,38.043133,38.04305,38.042949,38.042923,38.042663,38.042362,38.042293,38.042198,38.041735,38.040789,38.040409,38.04046,38.040485,38.040512,38.040562,38.040763,38.040898,38.04106,38.041214,38.041226,38.042217,38.042295,38.042331,38.042836,38.042865,38.042885,38.042893,38.042887,38.04283,38.042791,38.042722,38.042696,38.042644,38.042581,38.042525,38.042438,38.042331,38.042163,38.042143,38.042128,38.042125,38.042143,38.042033,38.041538,38.041379,38.041202,38.041104,38.039625,38.039611,38.039522,38.039338,38.03919,38.038538,38.038525,38.037485,38.037433,38.037282,38.037047,38.03654,38.036531,38.036461,38.036248,38.035831,38.035909,38.036292,38.036794,38.037137,38.037063,38.036815,38.036765,38.036756,38.036644,38.036732,38.038008,38.038531,38.039738,38.039879,38.039897,38.040061,38.040215,38.040286,38.040381,38.040575,38.040886,38.041092,38.041186]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.503416,-78.503366,-78.5032,-78.50311,-78.502864,-78.50246,-78.502239,-78.502132,-78.502045,-78.501892,-78.501839,-78.501825,-78.501703,-78.501655,-78.501535,-78.501296,-78.501255,-78.501248,-78.501015,-78.500443,-78.50037,-78.500286,-78.499976,-78.49945,-78.499349,-78.498725,-78.498225,-78.49772,-78.497196,-78.496233,-78.495272,-78.494309,-78.493429,-78.493091,-78.492616,-78.492292,-78.492208,-78.492,-78.491752,-78.491658,-78.491081,-78.490519,-78.490071,-78.48947,-78.489312,-78.489113,-78.488897,-78.488622,-78.488118,-78.487897,-78.487788,-78.487027,-78.486696,-78.486421,-78.488334,-78.48926,-78.489639,-78.491913,-78.493334,-78.494139,-78.494961,-78.495351,-78.495933,-78.49655,-78.497128,-78.497623,-78.498047,-78.498922,-78.498669,-78.498405,-78.498296,-78.497791,-78.498096,-78.498231,-78.498298,-78.498409,-78.498533,-78.498893,-78.499489,-78.499627,-78.499721,-78.49975,-78.500029,-78.500112,-78.500188,-78.500228,-78.500247,-78.500517,-78.500564,-78.500917,-78.500954,-78.50148,-78.501517,-78.501584,-78.501664,-78.502212,-78.502402,-78.503456,-78.503416],"lat":[38.036814,38.036898,38.037173,38.037322,38.037731,38.038404,38.038802,38.038998,38.03915,38.039419,38.039503,38.039526,38.039724,38.039798,38.039983,38.040332,38.040398,38.040409,38.040789,38.041735,38.041681,38.041639,38.041523,38.041324,38.041286,38.041056,38.040871,38.040687,38.040496,38.040144,38.039786,38.039428,38.0391,38.038974,38.038806,38.038704,38.038663,38.038573,38.038499,38.038474,38.038309,38.038132,38.037983,38.037669,38.037572,38.037431,38.037256,38.037012,38.036604,38.036438,38.036361,38.035856,38.035631,38.035452,38.034039,38.033498,38.033278,38.03196,38.031439,38.031437,38.031404,38.031453,38.031542,38.031673,38.031841,38.032032,38.032209,38.032907,38.032976,38.033056,38.033089,38.033255,38.03332,38.033353,38.033369,38.033398,38.033448,38.033642,38.033963,38.034038,38.034088,38.034105,38.034264,38.034324,38.034396,38.034433,38.034451,38.034789,38.034848,38.035292,38.035338,38.035996,38.036037,38.036092,38.036136,38.03633,38.036393,38.036746,38.036814]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.476515,-78.476434,-78.476274,-78.476119,-78.475932,-78.475804,-78.475702,-78.475426,-78.475233,-78.475087,-78.474976,-78.474422,-78.47431,-78.474113,-78.474004,-78.473934,-78.473867,-78.473771,-78.473708,-78.473549,-78.473386,-78.473042,-78.471851,-78.471427,-78.471328,-78.471136,-78.470914,-78.470842,-78.470803,-78.4707,-78.47027,-78.469684,-78.468773,-78.468577,-78.468349,-78.468204,-78.467712,-78.467424,-78.467169,-78.466093,-78.465994,-78.465917,-78.465847,-78.465549,-78.464487,-78.464267,-78.464129,-78.463969,-78.463745,-78.463519,-78.463422,-78.46323,-78.462888,-78.462433,-78.461991,-78.461678,-78.461009,-78.460028,-78.459592,-78.45943,-78.458535,-78.458559,-78.458673,-78.459518,-78.459733,-78.45991,-78.460061,-78.460238,-78.460352,-78.46039,-78.460565,-78.460645,-78.460754,-78.460839,-78.460869,-78.460902,-78.460958,-78.460982,-78.460959,-78.460878,-78.460732,-78.460601,-78.460351,-78.46016,-78.460025,-78.459712,-78.459559,-78.45949,-78.459257,-78.458775,-78.458684,-78.458311,-78.458147,-78.45796,-78.457806,-78.457452,-78.456268,-78.455644,-78.45522,-78.454892,-78.454501,-78.454123,-78.453594,-78.453115,-78.452619,-78.452262,-78.452213,-78.452238,-78.452356,-78.452464,-78.452596,-78.452829,-78.453253,-78.453773,-78.454466,-78.454668,-78.45484,-78.454861,-78.456133,-78.456589,-78.456658,-78.456791,-78.456868,-78.457147,-78.457448,-78.457733,-78.457945,-78.458184,-78.458372,-78.458823,-78.45908,-78.45951,-78.459795,-78.460228,-78.460874,-78.46114,-78.461447,-78.461963,-78.462089,-78.462105,-78.462168,-78.462427,-78.463146,-78.463602,-78.464004,-78.464459,-78.464708,-78.464876,-78.465128,-78.465456,-78.46573,-78.466107,-78.466477,-78.466776,-78.46716,-78.467438,-78.467637,-78.467844,-78.468781,-78.469957,-78.470192,-78.470413,-78.470726,-78.471644,-78.472267,-78.47269,-78.472975,-78.473217,-78.473388,-78.47352,-78.473868,-78.474146,-78.474459,-78.474676,-78.474875,-78.475221,-78.475427,-78.476596,-78.476515],"lat":[38.028603,38.028702,38.028863,38.028994,38.029129,38.029211,38.029274,38.029435,38.029575,38.02972,38.029855,38.030641,38.030811,38.031085,38.031242,38.031314,38.031366,38.031415,38.031439,38.031474,38.031494,38.031516,38.031603,38.031642,38.031764,38.032016,38.032316,38.032414,38.032467,38.032614,38.033241,38.0341,38.035428,38.035708,38.036006,38.036182,38.036741,38.037026,38.037253,38.038141,38.038227,38.038291,38.038348,38.038132,38.037345,38.037194,38.037099,38.037,38.036877,38.03677,38.036729,38.036645,38.036495,38.036316,38.036137,38.036002,38.035731,38.035323,38.035124,38.035036,38.034559,38.034547,38.034443,38.033669,38.03344,38.03318,38.032801,38.032273,38.031664,38.030956,38.029819,38.029711,38.029562,38.029446,38.029329,38.029203,38.028987,38.028739,38.028519,38.028252,38.027962,38.027782,38.02755,38.027432,38.027368,38.027326,38.027334,38.027343,38.027384,38.027506,38.027561,38.028066,38.028295,38.028525,38.028636,38.028937,38.029505,38.02969,38.029747,38.029747,38.029687,38.029577,38.029258,38.028879,38.02841,38.027969,38.027733,38.027431,38.027102,38.026649,38.025981,38.025312,38.024603,38.023607,38.022181,38.021604,38.021573,38.021569,38.021339,38.02125,38.021238,38.021214,38.021288,38.021496,38.021661,38.021793,38.021882,38.021981,38.022058,38.022251,38.022352,38.022471,38.022529,38.022588,38.022598,38.022596,38.022593,38.022516,38.022528,38.022588,38.022575,38.022528,38.022365,38.022222,38.022126,38.022059,38.022034,38.022034,38.022041,38.022066,38.022103,38.022188,38.022295,38.022409,38.022587,38.022758,38.022893,38.023064,38.023965,38.025046,38.025252,38.025437,38.025679,38.02637,38.026854,38.027188,38.027388,38.027558,38.027658,38.027729,38.02788,38.027991,38.028101,38.028172,38.028219,38.028297,38.028336,38.028484,38.028603]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.505357,-78.504739,-78.504131,-78.503857,-78.503588,-78.503353,-78.503126,-78.502588,-78.50005,-78.499382,-78.498731,-78.498386,-78.497957,-78.497509,-78.497417,-78.497279,-78.496802,-78.496635,-78.496054,-78.495516,-78.494899,-78.494559,-78.493889,-78.492968,-78.49241,-78.4921,-78.491895,-78.491837,-78.491689,-78.49154,-78.49121,-78.490183,-78.489332,-78.488873,-78.488968,-78.489123,-78.489909,-78.490287,-78.49012,-78.489447,-78.488911,-78.48885,-78.488002,-78.486977,-78.485528,-78.485603,-78.485646,-78.486049,-78.484488,-78.484321,-78.483507,-78.483334,-78.483252,-78.483045,-78.482897,-78.482761,-78.482662,-78.482378,-78.482219,-78.482066,-78.481808,-78.481736,-78.481284,-78.480619,-78.480303,-78.480083,-78.478977,-78.478342,-78.477935,-78.477792,-78.477731,-78.477669,-78.47762,-78.477934,-78.478052,-78.478131,-78.478279,-78.478596,-78.478858,-78.479097,-78.479162,-78.47941,-78.479709,-78.479989,-78.480279,-78.480433,-78.480832,-78.481109,-78.481404,-78.481678,-78.481962,-78.482265,-78.48253,-78.482697,-78.483306,-78.483652,-78.484224,-78.484487,-78.485344,-78.485365,-78.485449,-78.485498,-78.485573,-78.48566,-78.485748,-78.485847,-78.485932,-78.486018,-78.486092,-78.486139,-78.486227,-78.486326,-78.486412,-78.486487,-78.486556,-78.486615,-78.486683,-78.486759,-78.486899,-78.486975,-78.487029,-78.487039,-78.487085,-78.487162,-78.487217,-78.487274,-78.487337,-78.487394,-78.487474,-78.48754,-78.487594,-78.487598,-78.487611,-78.487673,-78.487751,-78.487824,-78.487895,-78.487934,-78.487988,-78.48802,-78.48826,-78.489124,-78.491355,-78.493665,-78.494014,-78.494329,-78.494786,-78.495037,-78.495064,-78.495243,-78.495443,-78.495652,-78.495697,-78.495763,-78.495989,-78.496185,-78.496393,-78.496687,-78.496934,-78.497747,-78.498837,-78.499079,-78.499204,-78.499309,-78.499607,-78.499732,-78.499885,-78.499982,-78.500044,-78.500116,-78.50022,-78.500327,-78.500404,-78.500507,-78.500619,-78.500674,-78.500741,-78.500817,-78.500826,-78.500775,-78.500788,-78.500828,-78.500899,-78.500924,-78.500964,-78.501035,-78.501094,-78.501166,-78.501204,-78.501223,-78.501238,-78.501242,-78.50124,-78.501238,-78.501242,-78.501263,-78.501288,-78.501317,-78.501348,-78.501412,-78.50146,-78.501485,-78.501541,-78.501615,-78.501716,-78.501793,-78.501881,-78.502004,-78.502087,-78.502217,-78.502287,-78.502359,-78.502437,-78.502498,-78.50255,-78.502628,-78.502751,-78.502868,-78.502972,-78.503059,-78.503157,-78.503238,-78.503313,-78.503404,-78.503525,-78.503715,-78.503856,-78.503986,-78.504134,-78.504269,-78.504473,-78.504566,-78.504851,-78.505187,-78.505291,-78.505442,-78.505357],"lat":[38.010365,38.010661,38.010965,38.011124,38.0113,38.011468,38.011645,38.012121,38.014345,38.014929,38.015509,38.01584,38.016299,38.016835,38.016952,38.017127,38.017727,38.017936,38.018665,38.019342,38.020124,38.02054,38.021384,38.02254,38.023242,38.023631,38.023866,38.023926,38.024067,38.024194,38.024411,38.025021,38.025525,38.025803,38.025888,38.026025,38.026571,38.026812,38.02712,38.028133,38.028954,38.029047,38.030325,38.030031,38.029616,38.029462,38.029373,38.02869,38.028136,38.028076,38.027802,38.027731,38.027697,38.027594,38.027503,38.027402,38.027313,38.027,38.027336,38.027689,38.028291,38.02844,38.028304,38.028085,38.027964,38.027866,38.027353,38.027058,38.026882,38.026814,38.026784,38.026755,38.026732,38.026173,38.025897,38.025759,38.025544,38.025117,38.024758,38.024439,38.024343,38.023985,38.023571,38.023188,38.022797,38.022592,38.02203,38.021652,38.021255,38.020874,38.020481,38.020064,38.019716,38.019498,38.018677,38.018189,38.017404,38.017048,38.015949,38.015923,38.015937,38.015945,38.015961,38.015985,38.016002,38.01602,38.016033,38.016036,38.016034,38.016031,38.016024,38.016019,38.016021,38.016038,38.016072,38.016117,38.016171,38.016219,38.016317,38.016378,38.016414,38.016422,38.01645,38.016507,38.016547,38.016566,38.016578,38.016587,38.016595,38.016617,38.016643,38.016666,38.016674,38.016681,38.016682,38.016672,38.016653,38.016642,38.016612,38.016639,38.016834,38.017543,38.017503,38.015276,38.015136,38.01501,38.014825,38.014721,38.014711,38.014639,38.014558,38.014463,38.01444,38.014406,38.014293,38.014193,38.01409,38.013946,38.013828,38.01342,38.012904,38.012992,38.013014,38.013014,38.012948,38.012904,38.012856,38.012812,38.012768,38.012769,38.012765,38.012748,38.012698,38.012633,38.012552,38.012493,38.012469,38.012396,38.012359,38.012301,38.012224,38.012186,38.012097,38.012081,38.012034,38.011976,38.011921,38.011863,38.011817,38.011781,38.011741,38.011713,38.011639,38.011591,38.011501,38.011463,38.011435,38.011413,38.011384,38.011332,38.0113,38.011286,38.011235,38.011158,38.011085,38.011045,38.011012,38.01098,38.010939,38.01087,38.010828,38.010766,38.010708,38.01067,38.010653,38.010626,38.010573,38.01052,38.010465,38.010393,38.01031,38.010252,38.0102,38.010152,38.010109,38.01005,38.01002,38.010016,38.010016,38.010024,38.010066,38.010084,38.010145,38.010235,38.010272,38.010324,38.010365]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.505517,-78.505246,-78.504772,-78.504629,-78.502936,-78.501643,-78.499698,-78.49884,-78.498191,-78.49565,-78.494974,-78.494048,-78.493334,-78.489881,-78.489101,-78.488916,-78.488002,-78.48885,-78.488911,-78.489447,-78.49012,-78.490287,-78.489909,-78.489123,-78.488968,-78.488873,-78.489332,-78.490183,-78.49121,-78.49154,-78.491689,-78.491837,-78.491895,-78.4921,-78.49241,-78.492968,-78.493889,-78.494559,-78.494899,-78.495516,-78.496054,-78.496635,-78.496802,-78.496828,-78.496892,-78.496974,-78.497057,-78.497279,-78.497343,-78.497592,-78.49853,-78.498648,-78.498752,-78.498968,-78.499079,-78.499225,-78.499282,-78.49944,-78.49953,-78.499732,-78.499877,-78.499988,-78.500071,-78.500267,-78.5003,-78.500439,-78.500924,-78.500952,-78.501264,-78.50148,-78.501577,-78.501743,-78.501825,-78.501847,-78.502014,-78.50218,-78.502534,-78.502645,-78.50277,-78.502853,-78.502909,-78.503031,-78.503079,-78.503214,-78.503261,-78.5033,-78.503403,-78.50343,-78.50346,-78.503516,-78.503581,-78.503655,-78.503744,-78.503908,-78.504101,-78.504312,-78.504466,-78.504564,-78.504651,-78.504884,-78.505206,-78.505266,-78.50529,-78.505412,-78.505517],"lat":[38.028309,38.028383,38.028524,38.028567,38.029073,38.029459,38.029936,38.030139,38.030292,38.030842,38.031012,38.031286,38.031439,38.030977,38.030774,38.03071,38.030325,38.029047,38.028954,38.028133,38.02712,38.026812,38.026571,38.026025,38.025888,38.025803,38.025525,38.025021,38.024411,38.024194,38.024067,38.023926,38.023866,38.023631,38.023242,38.02254,38.021384,38.02054,38.020124,38.019342,38.018665,38.017936,38.017727,38.017748,38.017816,38.017902,38.018022,38.018456,38.018558,38.01895,38.019729,38.019839,38.01996,38.020295,38.020437,38.020591,38.020669,38.020888,38.021036,38.021321,38.02168,38.021933,38.022059,38.022295,38.022334,38.022427,38.022636,38.022641,38.022823,38.022966,38.023054,38.023163,38.023224,38.023229,38.023301,38.023411,38.023603,38.02368,38.023784,38.023889,38.023977,38.024298,38.024281,38.024251,38.024367,38.02451,38.025098,38.02521,38.025321,38.025578,38.02571,38.025813,38.025908,38.026067,38.026234,38.026401,38.026546,38.026655,38.026782,38.027223,38.027786,38.027898,38.027915,38.028114,38.028309]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.503748,-78.501731,-78.50148,-78.501454,-78.50118,-78.500569,-78.500813,-78.500878,-78.501822,-78.501898,-78.502109,-78.502402,-78.502312,-78.501516,-78.500168,-78.500072,-78.498847,-78.497743,-78.495956,-78.495932,-78.495838,-78.495516,-78.495034,-78.494134,-78.492946,-78.492636,-78.492589,-78.492511,-78.492486,-78.492477,-78.492336,-78.492319,-78.492304,-78.49229,-78.492277,-78.492266,-78.492257,-78.492249,-78.492245,-78.49224,-78.492235,-78.492229,-78.492223,-78.492216,-78.492208,-78.492202,-78.492163,-78.491726,-78.491636,-78.491579,-78.491244,-78.490863,-78.490477,-78.490269,-78.489937,-78.489704,-78.489478,-78.489344,-78.489289,-78.489212,-78.488761,-78.48815,-78.488113,-78.487867,-78.48713,-78.486995,-78.486825,-78.486218,-78.486208,-78.486134,-78.48576,-78.485475,-78.485202,-78.485128,-78.482462,-78.482389,-78.481271,-78.4811,-78.480938,-78.480361,-78.480332,-78.480259,-78.480178,-78.480059,-78.479983,-78.479903,-78.479736,-78.479598,-78.479503,-78.479438,-78.479371,-78.479318,-78.479239,-78.479154,-78.479013,-78.478884,-78.478813,-78.478747,-78.47867,-78.478605,-78.478556,-78.478523,-78.478468,-78.478415,-78.478358,-78.478296,-78.478234,-78.478169,-78.478113,-78.47806,-78.477971,-78.477903,-78.477868,-78.477777,-78.477707,-78.477661,-78.477602,-78.477548,-78.477513,-78.477473,-78.477412,-78.477378,-78.477228,-78.476891,-78.476779,-78.476721,-78.476495,-78.476453,-78.476231,-78.476172,-78.476114,-78.476088,-78.475806,-78.475734,-78.475672,-78.475599,-78.475366,-78.475159,-78.475005,-78.474941,-78.474522,-78.47456,-78.474629,-78.474636,-78.474719,-78.474858,-78.474871,-78.474583,-78.47443,-78.473983,-78.473721,-78.473665,-78.473135,-78.472985,-78.472381,-78.471987,-78.471754,-78.471407,-78.471013,-78.471176,-78.471336,-78.471398,-78.471583,-78.471736,-78.471875,-78.472017,-78.472288,-78.472602,-78.47179,-78.469532,-78.469518,-78.468248,-78.468207,-78.468013,-78.46799,-78.467521,-78.466889,-78.466623,-78.466314,-78.466278,-78.46547,-78.465033,-78.464405,-78.464447,-78.464439,-78.467479,-78.468167,-78.468975,-78.470025,-78.472213,-78.472557,-78.473821,-78.477464,-78.478427,-78.47849,-78.478677,-78.478731,-78.478801,-78.478946,-78.479043,-78.479173,-78.479265,-78.479404,-78.479782,-78.480184,-78.480341,-78.480364,-78.480424,-78.48057,-78.480625,-78.480888,-78.481416,-78.481818,-78.481962,-78.482112,-78.482271,-78.482445,-78.482597,-78.482814,-78.483046,-78.483326,-78.483513,-78.483668,-78.484022,-78.48427,-78.484367,-78.484573,-78.484852,-78.485197,-78.48555,-78.485801,-78.486045,-78.486246,-78.48641,-78.486826,-78.48906,-78.490389,-78.492197,-78.492873,-78.493284,-78.494833,-78.495134,-78.49523,-78.495388,-78.495932,-78.496123,-78.496363,-78.496468,-78.496678,-78.496855,-78.497097,-78.497295,-78.497779,-78.498143,-78.498778,-78.498973,-78.499043,-78.49931,-78.499444,-78.500257,-78.500402,-78.500882,-78.501501,-78.502146,-78.502256,-78.503075,-78.503701,-78.503748],"lat":[38.057069,38.057511,38.057562,38.057566,38.057714,38.05804,38.058353,38.05844,38.059695,38.059821,38.060107,38.060463,38.060523,38.061049,38.06194,38.062004,38.062813,38.063525,38.064676,38.064729,38.064781,38.06498,38.065337,38.064637,38.063842,38.063635,38.063559,38.063432,38.063406,38.063395,38.063201,38.06318,38.063159,38.063137,38.063115,38.063092,38.063069,38.063042,38.063028,38.063015,38.063001,38.062988,38.062972,38.062956,38.06294,38.062928,38.062865,38.062153,38.062008,38.061895,38.062293,38.062734,38.063153,38.06338,38.063742,38.064005,38.064259,38.064409,38.06447,38.064554,38.065053,38.065739,38.06578,38.06605,38.06686,38.067008,38.067194,38.067866,38.067877,38.067959,38.068363,38.06867,38.068974,38.068935,38.067578,38.067523,38.066661,38.066549,38.066441,38.065844,38.065819,38.065821,38.065811,38.065787,38.065769,38.065763,38.06577,38.065759,38.06575,38.065733,38.065707,38.065689,38.065675,38.06568,38.065675,38.065664,38.065646,38.065613,38.065557,38.065518,38.065507,38.065506,38.065515,38.065511,38.065489,38.065463,38.065434,38.065397,38.065358,38.065319,38.065239,38.065184,38.065172,38.065154,38.065135,38.06511,38.065054,38.065003,38.064978,38.064935,38.064884,38.06493,38.065137,38.065601,38.065753,38.065833,38.066142,38.066138,38.066131,38.066176,38.066549,38.066711,38.066869,38.06691,38.066945,38.066986,38.067114,38.067232,38.067318,38.067354,38.067588,38.067718,38.067949,38.067975,38.068243,38.068675,38.068728,38.068909,38.069015,38.06936,38.069539,38.069577,38.069996,38.070127,38.070325,38.070455,38.070509,38.070146,38.069739,38.069509,38.069289,38.069202,38.068943,38.068732,38.068538,38.06834,38.067962,38.067476,38.067598,38.067934,38.067937,38.068126,38.068133,38.067734,38.067689,38.067759,38.06783,38.067436,38.066979,38.066926,38.065777,38.065237,38.064699,38.064615,38.06455,38.059071,38.057819,38.056432,38.055004,38.052543,38.05216,38.050741,38.046456,38.045266,38.045334,38.045564,38.045635,38.045728,38.045938,38.046097,38.046363,38.046597,38.047026,38.048128,38.049309,38.04975,38.049815,38.049998,38.0504,38.050543,38.051184,38.052384,38.053265,38.053539,38.053789,38.054023,38.054249,38.054429,38.054662,38.054885,38.055125,38.055269,38.055378,38.055606,38.055752,38.055805,38.055908,38.056032,38.056164,38.056282,38.056352,38.056408,38.056448,38.056476,38.05653,38.056767,38.056908,38.057101,38.057172,38.05722,38.057383,38.057414,38.057303,38.057116,38.056441,38.056209,38.055936,38.055826,38.055577,38.055363,38.055069,38.054815,38.054227,38.05377,38.052985,38.052775,38.052865,38.053184,38.053322,38.054218,38.054357,38.054819,38.055346,38.055874,38.055956,38.056566,38.057035,38.057069]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.478427,-78.477464,-78.473821,-78.472557,-78.472213,-78.471909,-78.471739,-78.471435,-78.471408,-78.471392,-78.471544,-78.471629,-78.472328,-78.472576,-78.472645,-78.472532,-78.472258,-78.471767,-78.471488,-78.47072,-78.470712,-78.470695,-78.470332,-78.470085,-78.469933,-78.470012,-78.470018,-78.46947,-78.468407,-78.467769,-78.467702,-78.4674,-78.467129,-78.466925,-78.466695,-78.466484,-78.466261,-78.466147,-78.46613,-78.466102,-78.466022,-78.465829,-78.465806,-78.465507,-78.465348,-78.465338,-78.465062,-78.465024,-78.465025,-78.464873,-78.464855,-78.464796,-78.464721,-78.464617,-78.46454,-78.464527,-78.464438,-78.464378,-78.464147,-78.464097,-78.464069,-78.464055,-78.464052,-78.464033,-78.46403,-78.462943,-78.46069,-78.460223,-78.457296,-78.457281,-78.45726,-78.457261,-78.4573,-78.457348,-78.457379,-78.457422,-78.457475,-78.457544,-78.45809,-78.458282,-78.458581,-78.458837,-78.458939,-78.458893,-78.457112,-78.45688,-78.456579,-78.456416,-78.45631,-78.456154,-78.456018,-78.455842,-78.455703,-78.455538,-78.455386,-78.455271,-78.454896,-78.45446,-78.454308,-78.454627,-78.454807,-78.454387,-78.452804,-78.451013,-78.449898,-78.449326,-78.449228,-78.449214,-78.449174,-78.449138,-78.449082,-78.449038,-78.448801,-78.448796,-78.448753,-78.44871,-78.44864,-78.448563,-78.448502,-78.448459,-78.448397,-78.448304,-78.448259,-78.448201,-78.448145,-78.448079,-78.448015,-78.447968,-78.447926,-78.447888,-78.44785,-78.447808,-78.447782,-78.447725,-78.447697,-78.447652,-78.447641,-78.447581,-78.447573,-78.447547,-78.447563,-78.447553,-78.447542,-78.447546,-78.44749,-78.447526,-78.447529,-78.447548,-78.447546,-78.447507,-78.447518,-78.447518,-78.44751,-78.447547,-78.447554,-78.44758,-78.44759,-78.447588,-78.447567,-78.447568,-78.447564,-78.44757,-78.447563,-78.447561,-78.447537,-78.447505,-78.447509,-78.447496,-78.447488,-78.447453,-78.447454,-78.447447,-78.44744,-78.447436,-78.447412,-78.447398,-78.447398,-78.447385,-78.447369,-78.447356,-78.447338,-78.447322,-78.447325,-78.447313,-78.447306,-78.447297,-78.44727,-78.447253,-78.44725,-78.44725,-78.447247,-78.447234,-78.44721,-78.447217,-78.447209,-78.447188,-78.447184,-78.447179,-78.44716,-78.44715,-78.447147,-78.447125,-78.447095,-78.447057,-78.446997,-78.446949,-78.446855,-78.446832,-78.446793,-78.446738,-78.446679,-78.4466,-78.446578,-78.446576,-78.446548,-78.446515,-78.446332,-78.446309,-78.4463,-78.4463,-78.446308,-78.446322,-78.446333,-78.446349,-78.44636,-78.446393,-78.44643,-78.446443,-78.44646,-78.446488,-78.446514,-78.446523,-78.446526,-78.446495,-78.446495,-78.446513,-78.446544,-78.446567,-78.446597,-78.446641,-78.44668,-78.446686,-78.446704,-78.446739,-78.446768,-78.446802,-78.446831,-78.446855,-78.446883,-78.446907,-78.446937,-78.446946,-78.446943,-78.446982,-78.447006,-78.447039,-78.447088,-78.447112,-78.447125,-78.447159,-78.447203,-78.447234,-78.447265,-78.447307,-78.447317,-78.447302,-78.447326,-78.447421,-78.44748,-78.447504,-78.447529,-78.447599,-78.447718,-78.447831,-78.447911,-78.447948,-78.448038,-78.448118,-78.448166,-78.448257,-78.448331,-78.448407,-78.448492,-78.448562,-78.448651,-78.448734,-78.44881,-78.448892,-78.448975,-78.449057,-78.449129,-78.449215,-78.449307,-78.449394,-78.449472,-78.449545,-78.449596,-78.449692,-78.449818,-78.44994,-78.450062,-78.450333,-78.450551,-78.450656,-78.450674,-78.450748,-78.450824,-78.450919,-78.450988,-78.451056,-78.451103,-78.451141,-78.451278,-78.451364,-78.451389,-78.451441,-78.451532,-78.451663,-78.451766,-78.451855,-78.451891,-78.451911,-78.451994,-78.45207,-78.452096,-78.452117,-78.45218,-78.452239,-78.452288,-78.452341,-78.452397,-78.452435,-78.452493,-78.452565,-78.452677,-78.452767,-78.452831,-78.452962,-78.453035,-78.453076,-78.453189,-78.453285,-78.453355,-78.453442,-78.453514,-78.453622,-78.453688,-78.453741,-78.453759,-78.453816,-78.453917,-78.453947,-78.453992,-78.454019,-78.454071,-78.45414,-78.454246,-78.454266,-78.454286,-78.454324,-78.454351,-78.454414,-78.454476,-78.454505,-78.454536,-78.454618,-78.454643,-78.454657,-78.454732,-78.454946,-78.455048,-78.454985,-78.454682,-78.454552,-78.45443,-78.454381,-78.454314,-78.454141,-78.454015,-78.453978,-78.454092,-78.454401,-78.454662,-78.455013,-78.45512,-78.455495,-78.455949,-78.456392,-78.456492,-78.457239,-78.457815,-78.458535,-78.45943,-78.459592,-78.460028,-78.461009,-78.461678,-78.461991,-78.462433,-78.462888,-78.46323,-78.463422,-78.463519,-78.463745,-78.463969,-78.464129,-78.464267,-78.464487,-78.465549,-78.465847,-78.466097,-78.466268,-78.466488,-78.466681,-78.46687,-78.467066,-78.467266,-78.46749,-78.467592,-78.468253,-78.468469,-78.46865,-78.468874,-78.469096,-78.469315,-78.469489,-78.469701,-78.469865,-78.470023,-78.470263,-78.470649,-78.471936,-78.47281,-78.473055,-78.473209,-78.473258,-78.473443,-78.47364,-78.473947,-78.474523,-78.474576,-78.474844,-78.474974,-78.475105,-78.475335,-78.475505,-78.475583,-78.475859,-78.476154,-78.476627,-78.476901,-78.477233,-78.477449,-78.477678,-78.477834,-78.478168,-78.478317,-78.478427],"lat":[38.045266,38.046456,38.050741,38.05216,38.052543,38.052044,38.051767,38.051054,38.050991,38.050797,38.050473,38.050433,38.050048,38.049533,38.049209,38.048945,38.04878,38.048764,38.048757,38.04873,38.048716,38.048683,38.048,38.047427,38.047038,38.046989,38.046759,38.046644,38.046595,38.046269,38.046245,38.046139,38.046046,38.045974,38.045897,38.045823,38.045746,38.045707,38.0457,38.04575,38.045909,38.046266,38.046308,38.046863,38.047119,38.047152,38.048214,38.048265,38.048312,38.048334,38.048342,38.048367,38.048404,38.048473,38.04854,38.048551,38.048659,38.04875,38.049168,38.049289,38.049389,38.049464,38.049474,38.049538,38.049554,38.049521,38.049455,38.049449,38.049412,38.049445,38.049579,38.049681,38.049898,38.05028,38.050336,38.050375,38.050403,38.050424,38.050656,38.050746,38.05086,38.050964,38.051005,38.051107,38.055089,38.055613,38.05555,38.055502,38.055464,38.055395,38.055318,38.05519,38.055066,38.054893,38.054723,38.054604,38.054217,38.054505,38.054603,38.054926,38.055108,38.055405,38.056479,38.057695,38.058451,38.058851,38.058919,38.058929,38.058883,38.05884,38.058771,38.058715,38.058457,38.058447,38.058395,38.058325,38.058262,38.058175,38.058098,38.058036,38.057995,38.057899,38.057823,38.057748,38.057674,38.057599,38.057498,38.05741,38.057305,38.057232,38.057133,38.057021,38.056938,38.056728,38.056667,38.056589,38.056538,38.056425,38.056409,38.056313,38.056267,38.056211,38.05605,38.055952,38.055798,38.055259,38.055222,38.055187,38.055134,38.05511,38.055012,38.054912,38.054833,38.054632,38.054562,38.054307,38.054211,38.054162,38.05392,38.053763,38.053644,38.05357,38.053525,38.053508,38.053446,38.053364,38.053264,38.053177,38.053127,38.053049,38.052941,38.05285,38.052749,38.052651,38.05263,38.052524,38.052468,38.052434,38.052345,38.052272,38.0522,38.052112,38.052055,38.052005,38.051938,38.05187,38.051805,38.051682,38.051608,38.05155,38.051508,38.051466,38.051383,38.051327,38.051302,38.051221,38.051136,38.051053,38.05101,38.050944,38.050916,38.050882,38.050814,38.050746,38.050639,38.050566,38.050441,38.050384,38.050348,38.050283,38.050222,38.050198,38.050073,38.050052,38.050018,38.049974,38.049614,38.049544,38.049483,38.049421,38.049348,38.049281,38.049194,38.049137,38.049093,38.048986,38.048895,38.048909,38.048846,38.048728,38.048648,38.048585,38.048542,38.048521,38.048409,38.048372,38.048301,38.048231,38.048151,38.048051,38.047926,38.047904,38.047834,38.047707,38.047603,38.047504,38.04744,38.04738,38.047319,38.047258,38.047189,38.047162,38.047091,38.04699,38.046922,38.046832,38.04676,38.046709,38.046638,38.046548,38.046463,38.046415,38.046334,38.046269,38.046244,38.046189,38.046085,38.045925,38.045865,38.045842,38.045817,38.045743,38.045713,38.045715,38.045722,38.045726,38.045685,38.04568,38.045664,38.045631,38.045603,38.045577,38.045548,38.045522,38.045473,38.045436,38.045418,38.045394,38.045372,38.045345,38.045326,38.045306,38.045309,38.045312,38.045322,38.045341,38.045347,38.045356,38.045404,38.045472,38.045498,38.045592,38.045624,38.045645,38.045645,38.045639,38.045644,38.045647,38.045661,38.04567,38.045669,38.045672,38.045685,38.045707,38.045721,38.045728,38.045739,38.045749,38.045757,38.04576,38.045768,38.04577,38.045772,38.045783,38.04579,38.045782,38.045774,38.045771,38.045773,38.045776,38.045778,38.045774,38.045771,38.045769,38.045764,38.045762,38.045763,38.045759,38.045776,38.045778,38.045779,38.045782,38.04578,38.045774,38.045772,38.045761,38.045768,38.045762,38.045756,38.045742,38.045716,38.045708,38.045704,38.045697,38.04568,38.045653,38.045617,38.045607,38.045596,38.045571,38.045556,38.045506,38.045465,38.045451,38.045427,38.045381,38.045367,38.045359,38.045278,38.0446,38.044041,38.043792,38.043363,38.043049,38.042754,38.042582,38.042364,38.041787,38.041048,38.040141,38.039243,38.038356,38.037829,38.037399,38.037269,38.036862,38.036419,38.035991,38.035904,38.035206,38.034935,38.034559,38.035036,38.035124,38.035323,38.035731,38.036002,38.036137,38.036316,38.036495,38.036645,38.036729,38.03677,38.036877,38.037,38.037099,38.037194,38.037345,38.038132,38.038348,38.038531,38.038641,38.038756,38.038839,38.038899,38.038946,38.038979,38.038999,38.039002,38.038994,38.038992,38.038996,38.039014,38.039046,38.03909,38.039136,38.039205,38.03927,38.039343,38.039474,38.039707,38.040493,38.041022,38.041174,38.041279,38.041315,38.041454,38.041619,38.041898,38.042504,38.04256,38.04283,38.042956,38.043065,38.04324,38.043356,38.043403,38.043556,38.043698,38.043934,38.044086,38.044285,38.044429,38.044598,38.044721,38.045006,38.045148,38.045266]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.52368,-78.523634,-78.522637,-78.519787,-78.518795,-78.518035,-78.516352,-78.514983,-78.511834,-78.511507,-78.510448,-78.509734,-78.509134,-78.508331,-78.507698,-78.506944,-78.506304,-78.505683,-78.505517,-78.505412,-78.50529,-78.505266,-78.505206,-78.504884,-78.504651,-78.504564,-78.504466,-78.504312,-78.504101,-78.503908,-78.503744,-78.503655,-78.503581,-78.503516,-78.50346,-78.50343,-78.503403,-78.5033,-78.503261,-78.503214,-78.503079,-78.503031,-78.502909,-78.502853,-78.50277,-78.502645,-78.502534,-78.50218,-78.502014,-78.501847,-78.501825,-78.501743,-78.501577,-78.50148,-78.501264,-78.500952,-78.500924,-78.500439,-78.5003,-78.500267,-78.500071,-78.499988,-78.499877,-78.499732,-78.49953,-78.49944,-78.499282,-78.499225,-78.499079,-78.498968,-78.498752,-78.498648,-78.49853,-78.497592,-78.497343,-78.497279,-78.497057,-78.496974,-78.496892,-78.496828,-78.496802,-78.497279,-78.497417,-78.497509,-78.497957,-78.498386,-78.498731,-78.499382,-78.50005,-78.502588,-78.503126,-78.503353,-78.503588,-78.503857,-78.504131,-78.504739,-78.505357,-78.505442,-78.505599,-78.505739,-78.505965,-78.506169,-78.506303,-78.50638,-78.506427,-78.506532,-78.506603,-78.506664,-78.506751,-78.506874,-78.506997,-78.507088,-78.507145,-78.507249,-78.507316,-78.507354,-78.507416,-78.50755,-78.507729,-78.507913,-78.508056,-78.508183,-78.508271,-78.508327,-78.508373,-78.508402,-78.508434,-78.508464,-78.508464,-78.508473,-78.508508,-78.508563,-78.508612,-78.5087,-78.508771,-78.50884,-78.508864,-78.508947,-78.50903,-78.509115,-78.509157,-78.509184,-78.509213,-78.50926,-78.509309,-78.509342,-78.5094,-78.509459,-78.509498,-78.509529,-78.50956,-78.509596,-78.509619,-78.509648,-78.509683,-78.509707,-78.509737,-78.509845,-78.50986,-78.509863,-78.509863,-78.509881,-78.509892,-78.509933,-78.509976,-78.510003,-78.510016,-78.51003,-78.510058,-78.510062,-78.510085,-78.51011,-78.51016,-78.510222,-78.510253,-78.510283,-78.510353,-78.510411,-78.510461,-78.510495,-78.51054,-78.510586,-78.510635,-78.510664,-78.510681,-78.510701,-78.510738,-78.510779,-78.510826,-78.510897,-78.510953,-78.510992,-78.51106,-78.511158,-78.511228,-78.511339,-78.51144,-78.511464,-78.511528,-78.511626,-78.511699,-78.511747,-78.511805,-78.511867,-78.511931,-78.512019,-78.51211,-78.512185,-78.5123,-78.512384,-78.512427,-78.512481,-78.512549,-78.512654,-78.512724,-78.512817,-78.512864,-78.512984,-78.513059,-78.513101,-78.513186,-78.513261,-78.513321,-78.513335,-78.513372,-78.513396,-78.513465,-78.513527,-78.513548,-78.513604,-78.513646,-78.51371,-78.513768,-78.513817,-78.513895,-78.513924,-78.51394,-78.513909,-78.513913,-78.513929,-78.513987,-78.514029,-78.51408,-78.514099,-78.514117,-78.514152,-78.514235,-78.51434,-78.514418,-78.51447,-78.514556,-78.51463,-78.514756,-78.514813,-78.514928,-78.514987,-78.515044,-78.515129,-78.515157,-78.515176,-78.515251,-78.5153,-78.515357,-78.51541,-78.515447,-78.515477,-78.51552,-78.515566,-78.515638,-78.5157,-78.515763,-78.515753,-78.515729,-78.515796,-78.515873,-78.515931,-78.516025,-78.51612,-78.516175,-78.516224,-78.516274,-78.516447,-78.516451,-78.516505,-78.516571,-78.51662,-78.516705,-78.516786,-78.516898,-78.516984,-78.517043,-78.517071,-78.517123,-78.517188,-78.517201,-78.517241,-78.51727,-78.517367,-78.517444,-78.517474,-78.517528,-78.517645,-78.517714,-78.517781,-78.517875,-78.518016,-78.518097,-78.518185,-78.51833,-78.518378,-78.518412,-78.518429,-78.518457,-78.51861,-78.518708,-78.518722,-78.518734,-78.518759,-78.518829,-78.518863,-78.518906,-78.519034,-78.519059,-78.519097,-78.519132,-78.519157,-78.519191,-78.519245,-78.519284,-78.519313,-78.519333,-78.519338,-78.519341,-78.519338,-78.519338,-78.519334,-78.519338,-78.519345,-78.519352,-78.519362,-78.519369,-78.519344,-78.519317,-78.519258,-78.519215,-78.519119,-78.519009,-78.518945,-78.518899,-78.51881,-78.51879,-78.518766,-78.518751,-78.518748,-78.518755,-78.518758,-78.518768,-78.518793,-78.518803,-78.518815,-78.518826,-78.518819,-78.518805,-78.518793,-78.518793,-78.518803,-78.518832,-78.518832,-78.518824,-78.51881,-78.518795,-78.518781,-78.518769,-78.518758,-78.518745,-78.518735,-78.518738,-78.518745,-78.518761,-78.51879,-78.518817,-78.518853,-78.518885,-78.518911,-78.518944,-78.518973,-78.518988,-78.518995,-78.518998,-78.519002,-78.519015,-78.519033,-78.519037,-78.519033,-78.519026,-78.519019,-78.519016,-78.519009,-78.519002,-78.519002,-78.51902,-78.519001,-78.518991,-78.518985,-78.51897,-78.518954,-78.518961,-78.518961,-78.518967,-78.518981,-78.518999,-78.519002,-78.519046,-78.519074,-78.519102,-78.519127,-78.519144,-78.519161,-78.519182,-78.519197,-78.519207,-78.519252,-78.519259,-78.51928,-78.519318,-78.519339,-78.519353,-78.519373,-78.519378,-78.519386,-78.519439,-78.519496,-78.519592,-78.519664,-78.519694,-78.519842,-78.519897,-78.519923,-78.519923,-78.519894,-78.519864,-78.519858,-78.519883,-78.519916,-78.519948,-78.52,-78.520015,-78.520044,-78.520068,-78.520081,-78.520144,-78.520235,-78.520281,-78.520331,-78.520375,-78.520397,-78.520459,-78.520528,-78.520556,-78.520613,-78.520647,-78.52068,-78.520703,-78.520717,-78.520725,-78.520718,-78.520736,-78.520764,-78.520794,-78.520852,-78.520923,-78.521012,-78.521077,-78.521135,-78.521188,-78.521236,-78.521297,-78.521351,-78.521385,-78.521461,-78.521498,-78.521562,-78.521605,-78.521673,-78.521726,-78.521767,-78.521822,-78.521906,-78.521981,-78.52205,-78.522105,-78.522175,-78.522216,-78.522231,-78.522294,-78.522429,-78.52244,-78.522566,-78.5228,-78.523279,-78.523317,-78.523386,-78.523542,-78.523514,-78.523472,-78.523445,-78.523438,-78.52343,-78.523478,-78.523507,-78.523546,-78.523708,-78.52368],"lat":[38.022327,38.022341,38.022665,38.023592,38.023916,38.024162,38.024706,38.025162,38.026236,38.026358,38.026633,38.026939,38.027139,38.027403,38.027606,38.02785,38.028057,38.028258,38.028309,38.028114,38.027915,38.027898,38.027786,38.027223,38.026782,38.026655,38.026546,38.026401,38.026234,38.026067,38.025908,38.025813,38.02571,38.025578,38.025321,38.02521,38.025098,38.02451,38.024367,38.024251,38.024281,38.024298,38.023977,38.023889,38.023784,38.02368,38.023603,38.023411,38.023301,38.023229,38.023224,38.023163,38.023054,38.022966,38.022823,38.022641,38.022636,38.022427,38.022334,38.022295,38.022059,38.021933,38.02168,38.021321,38.021036,38.020888,38.020669,38.020591,38.020437,38.020295,38.01996,38.019839,38.019729,38.01895,38.018558,38.018456,38.018022,38.017902,38.017816,38.017748,38.017727,38.017127,38.016952,38.016835,38.016299,38.01584,38.015509,38.014929,38.014345,38.012121,38.011645,38.011468,38.0113,38.011124,38.010965,38.010661,38.010365,38.010324,38.010378,38.010426,38.010483,38.010537,38.010561,38.010564,38.010582,38.010619,38.010635,38.01065,38.010678,38.010735,38.010786,38.010819,38.010844,38.01087,38.010899,38.010919,38.010933,38.010971,38.011001,38.011032,38.01106,38.011086,38.011131,38.011176,38.011225,38.011276,38.011297,38.011331,38.011363,38.011378,38.011374,38.011363,38.011345,38.011329,38.011317,38.011321,38.011317,38.011277,38.011219,38.011145,38.011079,38.011007,38.010938,38.010879,38.010849,38.010823,38.01078,38.010721,38.01066,38.010601,38.010538,38.010484,38.010448,38.010427,38.010413,38.010411,38.010404,38.010373,38.010359,38.010334,38.010278,38.010256,38.010248,38.010204,38.010134,38.010073,38.010028,38.009947,38.009901,38.009887,38.009843,38.009815,38.009774,38.009744,38.009735,38.009731,38.009731,38.009733,38.009724,38.009701,38.00968,38.00967,38.009676,38.009705,38.009741,38.009761,38.009777,38.00979,38.009799,38.009803,38.0098,38.009791,38.009767,38.009713,38.009677,38.009621,38.009608,38.009602,38.009593,38.009588,38.009593,38.009599,38.009611,38.009624,38.009638,38.009649,38.009644,38.009631,38.009619,38.009618,38.009622,38.009635,38.009647,38.009679,38.009696,38.009709,38.009705,38.009711,38.009713,38.009706,38.009694,38.0097,38.009717,38.009725,38.009734,38.009737,38.009744,38.009746,38.009741,38.009698,38.00969,38.009694,38.009705,38.009722,38.009757,38.00979,38.009807,38.009854,38.009863,38.009879,38.009893,38.009899,38.009936,38.009954,38.009962,38.009975,38.01,38.010016,38.010022,38.010015,38.00999,38.009963,38.009935,38.009928,38.009909,38.009914,38.009932,38.009984,38.010039,38.010083,38.010167,38.010184,38.010198,38.010193,38.010163,38.010127,38.010072,38.010035,38.010027,38.010025,38.010023,38.010017,38.009979,38.009871,38.009827,38.009805,38.009801,38.009816,38.009861,38.009917,38.009965,38.010094,38.010109,38.010149,38.010179,38.010172,38.010157,38.010151,38.010154,38.010168,38.010186,38.01019,38.010207,38.01023,38.010236,38.010242,38.010252,38.01031,38.010347,38.010357,38.010357,38.010351,38.010359,38.010376,38.010406,38.010445,38.010467,38.010495,38.010549,38.010561,38.010581,38.010592,38.010637,38.010678,38.010705,38.010707,38.010704,38.010706,38.01073,38.010732,38.010737,38.010732,38.010727,38.010706,38.010678,38.010655,38.010631,38.010614,38.010628,38.010648,38.010678,38.010716,38.010801,38.010832,38.010867,38.01097,38.011013,38.011082,38.011156,38.011243,38.011334,38.011398,38.01142,38.011443,38.011456,38.011488,38.011526,38.011567,38.011591,38.011616,38.011629,38.011655,38.011709,38.011722,38.011788,38.011824,38.011864,38.01195,38.012046,38.012089,38.01237,38.012568,38.012678,38.012763,38.012786,38.012822,38.012924,38.012988,38.013069,38.013133,38.013176,38.013204,38.013237,38.013309,38.01337,38.013453,38.013546,38.013629,38.013689,38.013738,38.013781,38.013824,38.013859,38.013893,38.013945,38.014011,38.014082,38.01417,38.014234,38.014276,38.014317,38.014381,38.01448,38.01455,38.014594,38.014626,38.014658,38.014738,38.014805,38.014943,38.01504,38.01509,38.01513,38.015186,38.015273,38.01533,38.015419,38.015506,38.015549,38.015641,38.015754,38.015791,38.015915,38.016001,38.016083,38.016169,38.016243,38.016316,38.016359,38.016434,38.016499,38.016661,38.016695,38.016789,38.016913,38.01703,38.017125,38.017189,38.017204,38.017213,38.017243,38.017274,38.017302,38.017327,38.017341,38.017419,38.017469,38.01752,38.017585,38.017644,38.017672,38.017696,38.017794,38.017857,38.017905,38.017952,38.017975,38.01801,38.018053,38.01807,38.018142,38.018212,38.018277,38.018325,38.018355,38.01838,38.018425,38.018469,38.018484,38.018511,38.018534,38.018571,38.01863,38.018685,38.018749,38.018811,38.018861,38.018891,38.018909,38.018925,38.018937,38.018951,38.018958,38.018957,38.018952,38.018937,38.018903,38.018868,38.018827,38.018721,38.018674,38.018617,38.018592,38.018574,38.018583,38.018594,38.018591,38.018568,38.018543,38.018518,38.018496,38.01846,38.018429,38.018404,38.018222,38.018164,38.018161,38.018129,38.018578,38.019526,38.0196,38.019734,38.02004,38.020314,38.020707,38.020709,38.020847,38.020994,38.021393,38.021427,38.021474,38.022283,38.022327]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.491913,-78.489639,-78.48926,-78.488334,-78.486421,-78.486294,-78.486058,-78.485833,-78.485806,-78.485182,-78.484391,-78.483626,-78.482998,-78.482689,-78.482439,-78.481473,-78.481158,-78.480873,-78.480718,-78.480634,-78.478481,-78.478427,-78.478317,-78.478168,-78.477834,-78.477678,-78.477449,-78.477233,-78.476901,-78.476627,-78.476154,-78.475859,-78.475583,-78.475505,-78.475335,-78.475105,-78.474974,-78.474844,-78.474576,-78.474523,-78.473947,-78.47364,-78.473443,-78.473258,-78.473209,-78.473055,-78.47281,-78.471936,-78.470649,-78.470263,-78.470023,-78.469865,-78.469701,-78.469489,-78.469315,-78.469096,-78.468874,-78.46865,-78.468469,-78.468253,-78.467592,-78.46749,-78.467266,-78.467066,-78.46687,-78.466681,-78.466488,-78.466268,-78.466097,-78.465847,-78.465917,-78.465994,-78.466093,-78.467169,-78.467424,-78.467712,-78.468204,-78.468349,-78.468577,-78.468773,-78.469684,-78.47027,-78.4707,-78.470803,-78.470842,-78.470914,-78.471136,-78.471328,-78.471427,-78.471851,-78.473042,-78.473386,-78.473549,-78.473708,-78.473771,-78.473867,-78.473934,-78.474004,-78.474113,-78.47431,-78.474422,-78.474976,-78.475087,-78.475233,-78.475426,-78.475702,-78.475804,-78.475932,-78.476119,-78.476274,-78.476434,-78.476515,-78.476596,-78.476646,-78.476678,-78.477002,-78.477131,-78.477349,-78.477487,-78.47762,-78.477669,-78.477731,-78.477792,-78.477935,-78.478342,-78.478977,-78.480083,-78.480303,-78.480619,-78.481284,-78.481736,-78.481808,-78.482066,-78.482219,-78.482378,-78.482662,-78.482761,-78.482897,-78.483045,-78.483252,-78.483334,-78.483507,-78.484321,-78.484488,-78.486049,-78.485646,-78.485603,-78.485528,-78.486977,-78.488002,-78.488916,-78.489101,-78.489881,-78.493334,-78.491913],"lat":[38.03196,38.033278,38.033498,38.034039,38.035452,38.035599,38.035874,38.036138,38.036166,38.036785,38.037572,38.038253,38.038976,38.039413,38.039756,38.041048,38.041471,38.041866,38.042081,38.042197,38.04519,38.045266,38.045148,38.045006,38.044721,38.044598,38.044429,38.044285,38.044086,38.043934,38.043698,38.043556,38.043403,38.043356,38.04324,38.043065,38.042956,38.04283,38.04256,38.042504,38.041898,38.041619,38.041454,38.041315,38.041279,38.041174,38.041022,38.040493,38.039707,38.039474,38.039343,38.03927,38.039205,38.039136,38.03909,38.039046,38.039014,38.038996,38.038992,38.038994,38.039002,38.038999,38.038979,38.038946,38.038899,38.038839,38.038756,38.038641,38.038531,38.038348,38.038291,38.038227,38.038141,38.037253,38.037026,38.036741,38.036182,38.036006,38.035708,38.035428,38.0341,38.033241,38.032614,38.032467,38.032414,38.032316,38.032016,38.031764,38.031642,38.031603,38.031516,38.031494,38.031474,38.031439,38.031415,38.031366,38.031314,38.031242,38.031085,38.030811,38.030641,38.029855,38.02972,38.029575,38.029435,38.029274,38.029211,38.029129,38.028994,38.028863,38.028702,38.028603,38.028484,38.028412,38.028364,38.027822,38.0276,38.027211,38.026942,38.026732,38.026755,38.026784,38.026814,38.026882,38.027058,38.027353,38.027866,38.027964,38.028085,38.028304,38.02844,38.028291,38.027689,38.027336,38.027,38.027313,38.027402,38.027503,38.027594,38.027697,38.027731,38.027802,38.028076,38.028136,38.02869,38.029373,38.029462,38.029616,38.030031,38.030325,38.03071,38.030774,38.030977,38.031439,38.03196]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F4A611","#F4A611","#EE6400","#2EB1AA","#EE6400","#F4A611","#F47B03","#F47B03","#CAAF34","#CAAF34","#89B162","#CAAF34"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $81,964<br>Census Tract: 2.01<br>Area Name: Rose Hill-Harris-Venable","Median family income: $80,495<br>Census Tract: 4.02<br>Area Name: Belmont","Median family income: $35,577<br>Census Tract: 6<br>Area Name: JPA-Fontaine","Median family income: $171,250<br>Census Tract: 7<br>Area Name: Barracks-Rugby","Median family income: $31,857<br>Census Tract: 2.02<br>Area Name: 10th & Page-Venable","Median family income: $80,951<br>Census Tract: 3.02<br>Area Name: Woolen Mills","Median family income: $59,442<br>Census Tract: 4.01<br>Area Name: Ridge St.","Median family income: $50,000<br>Census Tract: 5.01<br>Area Name: Fifeville-Cherry Avenue","Median family income: $102,979<br>Census Tract: 8<br>Area Name: Greenbrier-Meadows","Median family income: $105,625<br>Census Tract: 9<br>Area Name: Locust Grove","Median family income: $127,515<br>Census Tract: 5.02<br>Area Name: Fry's Springs","Median family income: $118,446<br>Census Tract: 10<br>Area Name: Downtown Area"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[38.009588,38.070509],"lng":[-78.523708,-78.4463]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The 10th & Page-Venable tract has the lowest median family incomes at
\$31,857. By contrast, the Barracks-Rugby tract has the highest median
family income at \$171,250, making the disparity between the lowest and
highest median family incomes well-over \$100k.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. For
Charlottesville, it shows a similar pattern as the previous map—the
highest percentage of low-paid families are concentrated in the 10th &
Page-Venable and JPA-Fontaine tracts. The Barracks-Rugby tract, in
addition to having the highest median family income, also has the lowest
percent of families making less than \$35,000.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Charlottesville City

<div id="htmlwidget-6ecf68e6ea24c74885b7" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-6ecf68e6ea24c74885b7">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.500443,-78.500165,-78.500087,-78.500014,-78.499639,-78.499301,-78.499266,-78.499126,-78.498994,-78.498824,-78.498318,-78.497914,-78.497415,-78.496915,-78.496823,-78.496608,-78.494948,-78.493097,-78.493136,-78.492673,-78.492393,-78.490879,-78.490161,-78.489931,-78.489159,-78.488485,-78.48767,-78.487009,-78.485673,-78.484536,-78.483701,-78.483541,-78.482181,-78.481964,-78.481797,-78.48167,-78.480367,-78.480233,-78.479901,-78.479793,-78.479702,-78.47958,-78.479453,-78.479332,-78.479202,-78.479101,-78.478988,-78.478927,-78.47874,-78.478677,-78.47849,-78.478427,-78.478481,-78.480634,-78.480718,-78.480873,-78.481158,-78.481473,-78.482439,-78.482689,-78.482998,-78.483626,-78.484391,-78.485182,-78.485806,-78.485833,-78.486058,-78.486294,-78.486421,-78.486696,-78.487027,-78.487788,-78.487897,-78.488118,-78.488622,-78.488897,-78.489113,-78.489312,-78.48947,-78.490071,-78.490519,-78.491081,-78.491658,-78.491752,-78.492,-78.492208,-78.492292,-78.492616,-78.493091,-78.493429,-78.494309,-78.495272,-78.496233,-78.497196,-78.49772,-78.498225,-78.498725,-78.499349,-78.49945,-78.499976,-78.500286,-78.50037,-78.500443],"lat":[38.041735,38.042198,38.042293,38.042362,38.042663,38.042923,38.042949,38.04305,38.043133,38.043218,38.04344,38.043617,38.043838,38.044057,38.044097,38.04419,38.044915,38.045725,38.046377,38.046364,38.046344,38.046165,38.046062,38.046034,38.045947,38.045866,38.045775,38.045701,38.045549,38.045424,38.045344,38.045328,38.045147,38.045131,38.045085,38.045056,38.044871,38.044857,38.044834,38.044835,38.044843,38.044864,38.044899,38.044947,38.045016,38.045081,38.045172,38.045232,38.045481,38.045564,38.045334,38.045266,38.04519,38.042197,38.042081,38.041866,38.041471,38.041048,38.039756,38.039413,38.038976,38.038253,38.037572,38.036785,38.036166,38.036138,38.035874,38.035599,38.035452,38.035631,38.035856,38.036361,38.036438,38.036604,38.037012,38.037256,38.037431,38.037572,38.037669,38.037983,38.038132,38.038309,38.038474,38.038499,38.038573,38.038663,38.038704,38.038806,38.038974,38.0391,38.039428,38.039786,38.040144,38.040496,38.040687,38.040871,38.041056,38.041286,38.041324,38.041523,38.041639,38.041681,38.041735]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.485344,-78.484487,-78.484224,-78.483652,-78.483306,-78.482697,-78.48253,-78.482265,-78.481962,-78.481678,-78.481404,-78.481109,-78.480832,-78.480433,-78.480279,-78.479989,-78.479709,-78.47941,-78.479162,-78.479097,-78.478858,-78.478596,-78.478279,-78.478131,-78.478052,-78.477934,-78.47762,-78.477487,-78.477349,-78.477131,-78.477002,-78.476678,-78.476646,-78.476596,-78.475427,-78.475221,-78.474875,-78.474676,-78.474459,-78.474146,-78.473868,-78.47352,-78.473388,-78.473217,-78.472975,-78.47269,-78.472267,-78.471644,-78.470726,-78.470413,-78.470192,-78.469957,-78.468781,-78.467844,-78.467637,-78.467438,-78.46716,-78.466776,-78.466477,-78.466107,-78.46573,-78.465456,-78.465128,-78.464876,-78.464708,-78.464459,-78.464004,-78.463602,-78.463146,-78.462427,-78.462168,-78.462105,-78.462089,-78.462078,-78.462108,-78.462117,-78.46241,-78.462531,-78.462549,-78.462674,-78.46256,-78.463158,-78.46323,-78.46335,-78.463466,-78.463562,-78.463634,-78.46368,-78.464065,-78.464853,-78.465284,-78.465294,-78.46532,-78.465725,-78.46581,-78.465929,-78.466024,-78.466143,-78.466928,-78.467009,-78.467685,-78.468749,-78.468991,-78.469202,-78.468612,-78.468692,-78.468884,-78.468992,-78.469504,-78.470174,-78.471996,-78.472202,-78.472478,-78.472624,-78.474145,-78.474243,-78.474414,-78.474959,-78.475109,-78.475661,-78.47715,-78.477347,-78.477367,-78.4774,-78.477425,-78.47745,-78.477498,-78.477658,-78.477805,-78.477945,-78.478024,-78.47815,-78.478187,-78.478234,-78.478267,-78.478304,-78.478356,-78.478386,-78.478422,-78.478466,-78.478507,-78.47855,-78.478591,-78.47863,-78.478682,-78.478766,-78.478819,-78.478867,-78.478903,-78.478928,-78.47894,-78.478952,-78.478968,-78.478979,-78.478991,-78.479009,-78.479035,-78.479054,-78.479083,-78.479124,-78.479171,-78.479222,-78.479253,-78.479299,-78.479367,-78.479419,-78.479435,-78.479478,-78.479508,-78.479551,-78.479591,-78.479611,-78.479635,-78.479659,-78.479729,-78.479796,-78.479845,-78.479899,-78.479923,-78.479937,-78.480051,-78.480102,-78.480153,-78.480221,-78.480276,-78.480327,-78.480367,-78.480395,-78.480438,-78.480487,-78.48055,-78.480617,-78.480675,-78.480748,-78.480852,-78.480915,-78.480976,-78.481017,-78.481046,-78.481059,-78.481078,-78.481128,-78.481177,-78.481188,-78.481235,-78.481303,-78.481383,-78.481484,-78.48157,-78.481645,-78.481733,-78.481816,-78.481919,-78.482009,-78.482183,-78.482321,-78.482428,-78.482544,-78.482614,-78.4827,-78.482763,-78.482843,-78.482917,-78.482955,-78.48299,-78.483015,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.48303,-78.48302,-78.483012,-78.482999,-78.482995,-78.483006,-78.483006,-78.483015,-78.483042,-78.483061,-78.483064,-78.483078,-78.483086,-78.483086,-78.483082,-78.483064,-78.48305,-78.483033,-78.48303,-78.483023,-78.483023,-78.483036,-78.483054,-78.483068,-78.483085,-78.483095,-78.483115,-78.483139,-78.483161,-78.483182,-78.483186,-78.483196,-78.483196,-78.483206,-78.483224,-78.483231,-78.483227,-78.483214,-78.483222,-78.483264,-78.483272,-78.483278,-78.483323,-78.483357,-78.483411,-78.483438,-78.483451,-78.483491,-78.483536,-78.483592,-78.483645,-78.483713,-78.483758,-78.483788,-78.483838,-78.483889,-78.483941,-78.484005,-78.484058,-78.484109,-78.484124,-78.484172,-78.484234,-78.484292,-78.484321,-78.484355,-78.484405,-78.48446,-78.484519,-78.484547,-78.484616,-78.484635,-78.484673,-78.484735,-78.484814,-78.4849,-78.485008,-78.485036,-78.485094,-78.485184,-78.485273,-78.485365,-78.485344],"lat":[38.015949,38.017048,38.017404,38.018189,38.018677,38.019498,38.019716,38.020064,38.020481,38.020874,38.021255,38.021652,38.02203,38.022592,38.022797,38.023188,38.023571,38.023985,38.024343,38.024439,38.024758,38.025117,38.025544,38.025759,38.025897,38.026173,38.026732,38.026942,38.027211,38.0276,38.027822,38.028364,38.028412,38.028484,38.028336,38.028297,38.028219,38.028172,38.028101,38.027991,38.02788,38.027729,38.027658,38.027558,38.027388,38.027188,38.026854,38.02637,38.025679,38.025437,38.025252,38.025046,38.023965,38.023064,38.022893,38.022758,38.022587,38.022409,38.022295,38.022188,38.022103,38.022066,38.022041,38.022034,38.022034,38.022059,38.022126,38.022222,38.022365,38.022528,38.022575,38.022588,38.022528,38.022488,38.022454,38.022444,38.022109,38.02197,38.021949,38.021809,38.021754,38.020924,38.020838,38.020714,38.020609,38.020533,38.020483,38.020451,38.020192,38.019699,38.019417,38.019411,38.019394,38.019128,38.019072,38.018992,38.018929,38.018854,38.01836,38.018309,38.017892,38.015504,38.014997,38.014555,38.014146,38.013933,38.013418,38.013122,38.011745,38.011908,38.012274,38.012316,38.012396,38.012439,38.012874,38.01298,38.013165,38.013758,38.013917,38.014511,38.014478,38.01426,38.014246,38.014232,38.014222,38.014212,38.014186,38.01415,38.014094,38.014038,38.014008,38.013967,38.013951,38.01393,38.013904,38.013878,38.013846,38.013835,38.013831,38.013824,38.013819,38.013787,38.013773,38.013739,38.013708,38.013664,38.013635,38.013602,38.013565,38.013551,38.013541,38.013523,38.013497,38.013477,38.013455,38.013437,38.013428,38.013418,38.013393,38.013336,38.013329,38.013329,38.013338,38.013355,38.013367,38.013381,38.013384,38.013392,38.01339,38.013382,38.013401,38.013417,38.013433,38.013433,38.013432,38.013434,38.013426,38.013429,38.013435,38.013436,38.013448,38.013442,38.013415,38.01337,38.013314,38.013243,38.013187,38.013129,38.013057,38.012989,38.012907,38.012831,38.012761,38.012669,38.012613,38.012582,38.012532,38.012479,38.012417,38.012344,38.01228,38.012184,38.012111,38.012094,38.012024,38.011961,38.011891,38.01184,38.011814,38.011801,38.011788,38.011777,38.011774,38.011776,38.011797,38.011802,38.011809,38.011812,38.011808,38.011813,38.011819,38.011825,38.011831,38.011851,38.011877,38.011922,38.011989,38.012058,38.012122,38.012209,38.012258,38.012317,38.012381,38.012453,38.012519,38.012559,38.012635,38.012676,38.012721,38.012766,38.01281,38.012888,38.012937,38.013031,38.013123,38.013227,38.013339,38.013432,38.013519,38.013607,38.013709,38.013801,38.013869,38.013934,38.013993,38.014048,38.014116,38.014186,38.014251,38.014342,38.014506,38.014567,38.01462,38.014677,38.014733,38.014771,38.0148,38.01484,38.01488,38.014899,38.014926,38.014951,38.014969,38.015006,38.015025,38.015045,38.015074,38.015103,38.015139,38.015179,38.015222,38.015253,38.015293,38.015314,38.015335,38.015363,38.015389,38.015433,38.015453,38.015475,38.015506,38.015532,38.015538,38.015536,38.015538,38.015558,38.015579,38.015605,38.015635,38.015645,38.015667,38.015697,38.015736,38.015776,38.015821,38.015831,38.015851,38.015881,38.015907,38.015923,38.015949]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.523634,-78.523635,-78.523636,-78.523631,-78.523609,-78.523562,-78.523499,-78.523487,-78.523451,-78.52341,-78.523377,-78.523352,-78.523341,-78.523352,-78.523356,-78.523344,-78.52323,-78.523152,-78.523067,-78.523035,-78.522935,-78.522435,-78.521987,-78.521816,-78.520767,-78.520251,-78.520048,-78.520226,-78.520235,-78.520243,-78.520254,-78.52026,-78.52026,-78.520236,-78.520035,-78.519988,-78.519955,-78.519777,-78.519832,-78.519908,-78.520022,-78.520104,-78.520179,-78.519824,-78.51826,-78.518294,-78.518388,-78.518358,-78.518305,-78.518294,-78.518167,-78.51802,-78.517853,-78.517812,-78.517561,-78.517536,-78.517106,-78.516731,-78.516533,-78.516501,-78.516278,-78.516153,-78.516078,-78.515615,-78.515396,-78.515168,-78.514973,-78.514818,-78.514667,-78.51461,-78.514463,-78.514311,-78.514211,-78.513947,-78.51382,-78.513466,-78.513454,-78.513109,-78.513039,-78.512897,-78.512884,-78.512409,-78.512376,-78.512132,-78.511908,-78.51101,-78.510963,-78.510757,-78.510616,-78.510594,-78.510527,-78.510355,-78.510317,-78.510151,-78.510094,-78.509829,-78.509613,-78.509565,-78.509518,-78.509389,-78.509377,-78.509213,-78.508978,-78.508804,-78.508709,-78.508614,-78.508507,-78.508415,-78.508287,-78.508208,-78.508165,-78.508099,-78.507964,-78.507793,-78.507752,-78.507655,-78.507456,-78.507332,-78.507162,-78.507112,-78.506737,-78.506532,-78.506247,-78.505683,-78.504753,-78.504579,-78.504535,-78.504218,-78.503892,-78.503771,-78.503645,-78.503626,-78.503317,-78.502834,-78.502815,-78.502743,-78.502599,-78.501997,-78.501837,-78.501774,-78.501705,-78.501638,-78.501608,-78.501068,-78.500246,-78.499928,-78.499854,-78.499142,-78.498945,-78.498922,-78.498047,-78.497623,-78.497128,-78.49655,-78.495933,-78.495351,-78.494961,-78.494139,-78.493334,-78.494048,-78.494974,-78.49565,-78.498191,-78.49884,-78.499698,-78.501643,-78.502936,-78.504629,-78.504772,-78.505246,-78.505517,-78.505683,-78.506304,-78.506944,-78.507698,-78.508331,-78.509134,-78.509734,-78.510448,-78.511507,-78.511834,-78.514983,-78.516352,-78.518035,-78.518795,-78.519787,-78.522637,-78.523634,-78.52368,-78.523634],"lat":[38.022401,38.0225,38.022739,38.022778,38.022939,38.022981,38.023061,38.023082,38.023147,38.023261,38.023382,38.023536,38.023817,38.023973,38.024149,38.024368,38.025229,38.025718,38.025984,38.026329,38.026317,38.026239,38.026203,38.02619,38.02611,38.026065,38.026045,38.027565,38.027639,38.027719,38.028066,38.02828,38.028301,38.028305,38.02834,38.02841,38.028459,38.028454,38.028644,38.028894,38.029264,38.029532,38.029781,38.02979,38.029827,38.02974,38.029483,38.029326,38.029046,38.028558,38.028566,38.028575,38.028581,38.028581,38.028579,38.028579,38.028588,38.028609,38.028631,38.028634,38.028664,38.028667,38.028661,38.028601,38.028582,38.028576,38.028589,38.028609,38.02864,38.028657,38.028701,38.02876,38.028806,38.028954,38.029033,38.029269,38.029277,38.029506,38.029548,38.029632,38.029639,38.029893,38.029911,38.030051,38.030198,38.030835,38.030869,38.03104,38.031178,38.031201,38.03127,38.031455,38.031493,38.031657,38.031713,38.03197,38.032161,38.032164,38.032167,38.032175,38.032176,38.0322,38.032243,38.032266,38.032175,38.032107,38.032052,38.032017,38.031987,38.031977,38.031971,38.031968,38.031972,38.031997,38.032003,38.032021,38.032066,38.032089,38.032106,38.032108,38.032095,38.032085,38.032071,38.032051,38.032025,38.032023,38.032024,38.032029,38.032044,38.032053,38.032057,38.032058,38.032066,38.032073,38.032073,38.032075,38.03208,38.032116,38.032133,38.032138,38.032155,38.032166,38.032171,38.032305,38.032526,38.032618,38.03264,38.032847,38.032901,38.032907,38.032209,38.032032,38.031841,38.031673,38.031542,38.031453,38.031404,38.031437,38.031439,38.031286,38.031012,38.030842,38.030292,38.030139,38.029936,38.029459,38.029073,38.028567,38.028524,38.028383,38.028309,38.028258,38.028057,38.02785,38.027606,38.027403,38.027139,38.026939,38.026633,38.026358,38.026236,38.025162,38.024706,38.024162,38.023916,38.023592,38.022665,38.022341,38.022327,38.022401]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.517369,-78.517256,-78.517074,-78.516072,-78.515071,-78.51495,-78.514855,-78.514605,-78.514476,-78.514107,-78.513997,-78.513962,-78.514471,-78.514634,-78.514327,-78.514298,-78.512971,-78.511909,-78.511389,-78.511116,-78.510963,-78.510898,-78.509998,-78.508372,-78.506783,-78.50667,-78.50657,-78.505934,-78.505397,-78.505043,-78.505002,-78.504987,-78.504927,-78.504839,-78.508938,-78.509045,-78.509338,-78.510297,-78.510147,-78.50997,-78.50979,-78.508761,-78.507989,-78.507916,-78.507768,-78.507738,-78.507616,-78.507113,-78.506554,-78.503908,-78.503748,-78.503701,-78.503075,-78.502256,-78.502146,-78.501501,-78.500882,-78.500402,-78.500257,-78.499444,-78.49931,-78.499043,-78.498973,-78.498778,-78.498143,-78.497779,-78.497295,-78.497097,-78.496855,-78.496678,-78.496468,-78.496363,-78.496123,-78.495932,-78.495388,-78.49523,-78.495134,-78.494833,-78.493284,-78.492873,-78.492197,-78.490389,-78.48906,-78.486826,-78.48641,-78.486246,-78.486045,-78.485801,-78.48555,-78.485197,-78.484852,-78.484573,-78.484367,-78.48427,-78.484022,-78.483668,-78.483513,-78.483326,-78.483046,-78.482814,-78.482597,-78.482445,-78.482271,-78.482112,-78.481962,-78.481818,-78.481416,-78.480888,-78.480625,-78.48057,-78.480424,-78.480364,-78.480341,-78.480184,-78.479782,-78.479404,-78.479265,-78.479173,-78.479043,-78.478946,-78.478801,-78.478731,-78.478677,-78.47874,-78.478927,-78.478988,-78.479101,-78.479202,-78.479332,-78.479453,-78.47958,-78.479702,-78.479793,-78.479901,-78.480233,-78.480367,-78.48167,-78.481797,-78.481964,-78.482181,-78.483541,-78.483701,-78.484536,-78.485673,-78.487009,-78.48767,-78.488485,-78.489159,-78.489931,-78.490161,-78.490879,-78.492393,-78.492673,-78.493136,-78.493097,-78.494948,-78.496608,-78.496823,-78.496915,-78.497415,-78.497914,-78.498318,-78.498824,-78.498994,-78.499126,-78.499266,-78.499301,-78.499639,-78.500014,-78.500087,-78.500165,-78.500443,-78.501015,-78.501248,-78.501326,-78.501375,-78.501425,-78.501489,-78.501709,-78.501874,-78.502104,-78.502018,-78.502037,-78.503603,-78.503678,-78.503713,-78.504224,-78.504258,-78.504297,-78.504334,-78.504391,-78.50451,-78.504591,-78.504778,-78.504831,-78.504911,-78.504979,-78.505022,-78.505068,-78.505111,-78.505157,-78.505176,-78.505211,-78.50525,-78.505312,-78.50537,-78.505634,-78.505718,-78.505324,-78.505383,-78.506256,-78.506325,-78.506766,-78.506833,-78.506887,-78.507123,-78.507128,-78.5075,-78.507519,-78.507573,-78.507658,-78.50784,-78.507843,-78.507867,-78.50794,-78.508096,-78.508409,-78.509942,-78.511954,-78.51333,-78.51378,-78.514564,-78.514545,-78.514578,-78.515527,-78.515562,-78.516099,-78.516331,-78.516833,-78.516892,-78.516865,-78.516653,-78.51647,-78.516385,-78.516272,-78.516578,-78.517028,-78.517267,-78.517369],"lat":[38.041186,38.041377,38.041703,38.043486,38.043857,38.04391,38.043951,38.04398,38.044034,38.044139,38.044161,38.044182,38.044671,38.044838,38.044742,38.044735,38.044361,38.044049,38.043795,38.043861,38.043904,38.043922,38.044145,38.044558,38.044961,38.045035,38.0451,38.045523,38.046405,38.046969,38.047035,38.047059,38.047154,38.047275,38.050316,38.050395,38.050606,38.051308,38.051596,38.051941,38.052285,38.05427,38.055763,38.055901,38.056186,38.056243,38.056269,38.056378,38.056499,38.057038,38.057069,38.057035,38.056566,38.055956,38.055874,38.055346,38.054819,38.054357,38.054218,38.053322,38.053184,38.052865,38.052775,38.052985,38.05377,38.054227,38.054815,38.055069,38.055363,38.055577,38.055826,38.055936,38.056209,38.056441,38.057116,38.057303,38.057414,38.057383,38.05722,38.057172,38.057101,38.056908,38.056767,38.05653,38.056476,38.056448,38.056408,38.056352,38.056282,38.056164,38.056032,38.055908,38.055805,38.055752,38.055606,38.055378,38.055269,38.055125,38.054885,38.054662,38.054429,38.054249,38.054023,38.053789,38.053539,38.053265,38.052384,38.051184,38.050543,38.0504,38.049998,38.049815,38.04975,38.049309,38.048128,38.047026,38.046597,38.046363,38.046097,38.045938,38.045728,38.045635,38.045564,38.045481,38.045232,38.045172,38.045081,38.045016,38.044947,38.044899,38.044864,38.044843,38.044835,38.044834,38.044857,38.044871,38.045056,38.045085,38.045131,38.045147,38.045328,38.045344,38.045424,38.045549,38.045701,38.045775,38.045866,38.045947,38.046034,38.046062,38.046165,38.046344,38.046364,38.046377,38.045725,38.044915,38.04419,38.044097,38.044057,38.043838,38.043617,38.04344,38.043218,38.043133,38.04305,38.042949,38.042923,38.042663,38.042362,38.042293,38.042198,38.041735,38.040789,38.040409,38.04046,38.040485,38.040512,38.040562,38.040763,38.040898,38.04106,38.041214,38.041226,38.042217,38.042295,38.042331,38.042836,38.042865,38.042885,38.042893,38.042887,38.04283,38.042791,38.042722,38.042696,38.042644,38.042581,38.042525,38.042438,38.042331,38.042163,38.042143,38.042128,38.042125,38.042143,38.042033,38.041538,38.041379,38.041202,38.041104,38.039625,38.039611,38.039522,38.039338,38.03919,38.038538,38.038525,38.037485,38.037433,38.037282,38.037047,38.03654,38.036531,38.036461,38.036248,38.035831,38.035909,38.036292,38.036794,38.037137,38.037063,38.036815,38.036765,38.036756,38.036644,38.036732,38.038008,38.038531,38.039738,38.039879,38.039897,38.040061,38.040215,38.040286,38.040381,38.040575,38.040886,38.041092,38.041186]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.503416,-78.503366,-78.5032,-78.50311,-78.502864,-78.50246,-78.502239,-78.502132,-78.502045,-78.501892,-78.501839,-78.501825,-78.501703,-78.501655,-78.501535,-78.501296,-78.501255,-78.501248,-78.501015,-78.500443,-78.50037,-78.500286,-78.499976,-78.49945,-78.499349,-78.498725,-78.498225,-78.49772,-78.497196,-78.496233,-78.495272,-78.494309,-78.493429,-78.493091,-78.492616,-78.492292,-78.492208,-78.492,-78.491752,-78.491658,-78.491081,-78.490519,-78.490071,-78.48947,-78.489312,-78.489113,-78.488897,-78.488622,-78.488118,-78.487897,-78.487788,-78.487027,-78.486696,-78.486421,-78.488334,-78.48926,-78.489639,-78.491913,-78.493334,-78.494139,-78.494961,-78.495351,-78.495933,-78.49655,-78.497128,-78.497623,-78.498047,-78.498922,-78.498669,-78.498405,-78.498296,-78.497791,-78.498096,-78.498231,-78.498298,-78.498409,-78.498533,-78.498893,-78.499489,-78.499627,-78.499721,-78.49975,-78.500029,-78.500112,-78.500188,-78.500228,-78.500247,-78.500517,-78.500564,-78.500917,-78.500954,-78.50148,-78.501517,-78.501584,-78.501664,-78.502212,-78.502402,-78.503456,-78.503416],"lat":[38.036814,38.036898,38.037173,38.037322,38.037731,38.038404,38.038802,38.038998,38.03915,38.039419,38.039503,38.039526,38.039724,38.039798,38.039983,38.040332,38.040398,38.040409,38.040789,38.041735,38.041681,38.041639,38.041523,38.041324,38.041286,38.041056,38.040871,38.040687,38.040496,38.040144,38.039786,38.039428,38.0391,38.038974,38.038806,38.038704,38.038663,38.038573,38.038499,38.038474,38.038309,38.038132,38.037983,38.037669,38.037572,38.037431,38.037256,38.037012,38.036604,38.036438,38.036361,38.035856,38.035631,38.035452,38.034039,38.033498,38.033278,38.03196,38.031439,38.031437,38.031404,38.031453,38.031542,38.031673,38.031841,38.032032,38.032209,38.032907,38.032976,38.033056,38.033089,38.033255,38.03332,38.033353,38.033369,38.033398,38.033448,38.033642,38.033963,38.034038,38.034088,38.034105,38.034264,38.034324,38.034396,38.034433,38.034451,38.034789,38.034848,38.035292,38.035338,38.035996,38.036037,38.036092,38.036136,38.03633,38.036393,38.036746,38.036814]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.476515,-78.476434,-78.476274,-78.476119,-78.475932,-78.475804,-78.475702,-78.475426,-78.475233,-78.475087,-78.474976,-78.474422,-78.47431,-78.474113,-78.474004,-78.473934,-78.473867,-78.473771,-78.473708,-78.473549,-78.473386,-78.473042,-78.471851,-78.471427,-78.471328,-78.471136,-78.470914,-78.470842,-78.470803,-78.4707,-78.47027,-78.469684,-78.468773,-78.468577,-78.468349,-78.468204,-78.467712,-78.467424,-78.467169,-78.466093,-78.465994,-78.465917,-78.465847,-78.465549,-78.464487,-78.464267,-78.464129,-78.463969,-78.463745,-78.463519,-78.463422,-78.46323,-78.462888,-78.462433,-78.461991,-78.461678,-78.461009,-78.460028,-78.459592,-78.45943,-78.458535,-78.458559,-78.458673,-78.459518,-78.459733,-78.45991,-78.460061,-78.460238,-78.460352,-78.46039,-78.460565,-78.460645,-78.460754,-78.460839,-78.460869,-78.460902,-78.460958,-78.460982,-78.460959,-78.460878,-78.460732,-78.460601,-78.460351,-78.46016,-78.460025,-78.459712,-78.459559,-78.45949,-78.459257,-78.458775,-78.458684,-78.458311,-78.458147,-78.45796,-78.457806,-78.457452,-78.456268,-78.455644,-78.45522,-78.454892,-78.454501,-78.454123,-78.453594,-78.453115,-78.452619,-78.452262,-78.452213,-78.452238,-78.452356,-78.452464,-78.452596,-78.452829,-78.453253,-78.453773,-78.454466,-78.454668,-78.45484,-78.454861,-78.456133,-78.456589,-78.456658,-78.456791,-78.456868,-78.457147,-78.457448,-78.457733,-78.457945,-78.458184,-78.458372,-78.458823,-78.45908,-78.45951,-78.459795,-78.460228,-78.460874,-78.46114,-78.461447,-78.461963,-78.462089,-78.462105,-78.462168,-78.462427,-78.463146,-78.463602,-78.464004,-78.464459,-78.464708,-78.464876,-78.465128,-78.465456,-78.46573,-78.466107,-78.466477,-78.466776,-78.46716,-78.467438,-78.467637,-78.467844,-78.468781,-78.469957,-78.470192,-78.470413,-78.470726,-78.471644,-78.472267,-78.47269,-78.472975,-78.473217,-78.473388,-78.47352,-78.473868,-78.474146,-78.474459,-78.474676,-78.474875,-78.475221,-78.475427,-78.476596,-78.476515],"lat":[38.028603,38.028702,38.028863,38.028994,38.029129,38.029211,38.029274,38.029435,38.029575,38.02972,38.029855,38.030641,38.030811,38.031085,38.031242,38.031314,38.031366,38.031415,38.031439,38.031474,38.031494,38.031516,38.031603,38.031642,38.031764,38.032016,38.032316,38.032414,38.032467,38.032614,38.033241,38.0341,38.035428,38.035708,38.036006,38.036182,38.036741,38.037026,38.037253,38.038141,38.038227,38.038291,38.038348,38.038132,38.037345,38.037194,38.037099,38.037,38.036877,38.03677,38.036729,38.036645,38.036495,38.036316,38.036137,38.036002,38.035731,38.035323,38.035124,38.035036,38.034559,38.034547,38.034443,38.033669,38.03344,38.03318,38.032801,38.032273,38.031664,38.030956,38.029819,38.029711,38.029562,38.029446,38.029329,38.029203,38.028987,38.028739,38.028519,38.028252,38.027962,38.027782,38.02755,38.027432,38.027368,38.027326,38.027334,38.027343,38.027384,38.027506,38.027561,38.028066,38.028295,38.028525,38.028636,38.028937,38.029505,38.02969,38.029747,38.029747,38.029687,38.029577,38.029258,38.028879,38.02841,38.027969,38.027733,38.027431,38.027102,38.026649,38.025981,38.025312,38.024603,38.023607,38.022181,38.021604,38.021573,38.021569,38.021339,38.02125,38.021238,38.021214,38.021288,38.021496,38.021661,38.021793,38.021882,38.021981,38.022058,38.022251,38.022352,38.022471,38.022529,38.022588,38.022598,38.022596,38.022593,38.022516,38.022528,38.022588,38.022575,38.022528,38.022365,38.022222,38.022126,38.022059,38.022034,38.022034,38.022041,38.022066,38.022103,38.022188,38.022295,38.022409,38.022587,38.022758,38.022893,38.023064,38.023965,38.025046,38.025252,38.025437,38.025679,38.02637,38.026854,38.027188,38.027388,38.027558,38.027658,38.027729,38.02788,38.027991,38.028101,38.028172,38.028219,38.028297,38.028336,38.028484,38.028603]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.505357,-78.504739,-78.504131,-78.503857,-78.503588,-78.503353,-78.503126,-78.502588,-78.50005,-78.499382,-78.498731,-78.498386,-78.497957,-78.497509,-78.497417,-78.497279,-78.496802,-78.496635,-78.496054,-78.495516,-78.494899,-78.494559,-78.493889,-78.492968,-78.49241,-78.4921,-78.491895,-78.491837,-78.491689,-78.49154,-78.49121,-78.490183,-78.489332,-78.488873,-78.488968,-78.489123,-78.489909,-78.490287,-78.49012,-78.489447,-78.488911,-78.48885,-78.488002,-78.486977,-78.485528,-78.485603,-78.485646,-78.486049,-78.484488,-78.484321,-78.483507,-78.483334,-78.483252,-78.483045,-78.482897,-78.482761,-78.482662,-78.482378,-78.482219,-78.482066,-78.481808,-78.481736,-78.481284,-78.480619,-78.480303,-78.480083,-78.478977,-78.478342,-78.477935,-78.477792,-78.477731,-78.477669,-78.47762,-78.477934,-78.478052,-78.478131,-78.478279,-78.478596,-78.478858,-78.479097,-78.479162,-78.47941,-78.479709,-78.479989,-78.480279,-78.480433,-78.480832,-78.481109,-78.481404,-78.481678,-78.481962,-78.482265,-78.48253,-78.482697,-78.483306,-78.483652,-78.484224,-78.484487,-78.485344,-78.485365,-78.485449,-78.485498,-78.485573,-78.48566,-78.485748,-78.485847,-78.485932,-78.486018,-78.486092,-78.486139,-78.486227,-78.486326,-78.486412,-78.486487,-78.486556,-78.486615,-78.486683,-78.486759,-78.486899,-78.486975,-78.487029,-78.487039,-78.487085,-78.487162,-78.487217,-78.487274,-78.487337,-78.487394,-78.487474,-78.48754,-78.487594,-78.487598,-78.487611,-78.487673,-78.487751,-78.487824,-78.487895,-78.487934,-78.487988,-78.48802,-78.48826,-78.489124,-78.491355,-78.493665,-78.494014,-78.494329,-78.494786,-78.495037,-78.495064,-78.495243,-78.495443,-78.495652,-78.495697,-78.495763,-78.495989,-78.496185,-78.496393,-78.496687,-78.496934,-78.497747,-78.498837,-78.499079,-78.499204,-78.499309,-78.499607,-78.499732,-78.499885,-78.499982,-78.500044,-78.500116,-78.50022,-78.500327,-78.500404,-78.500507,-78.500619,-78.500674,-78.500741,-78.500817,-78.500826,-78.500775,-78.500788,-78.500828,-78.500899,-78.500924,-78.500964,-78.501035,-78.501094,-78.501166,-78.501204,-78.501223,-78.501238,-78.501242,-78.50124,-78.501238,-78.501242,-78.501263,-78.501288,-78.501317,-78.501348,-78.501412,-78.50146,-78.501485,-78.501541,-78.501615,-78.501716,-78.501793,-78.501881,-78.502004,-78.502087,-78.502217,-78.502287,-78.502359,-78.502437,-78.502498,-78.50255,-78.502628,-78.502751,-78.502868,-78.502972,-78.503059,-78.503157,-78.503238,-78.503313,-78.503404,-78.503525,-78.503715,-78.503856,-78.503986,-78.504134,-78.504269,-78.504473,-78.504566,-78.504851,-78.505187,-78.505291,-78.505442,-78.505357],"lat":[38.010365,38.010661,38.010965,38.011124,38.0113,38.011468,38.011645,38.012121,38.014345,38.014929,38.015509,38.01584,38.016299,38.016835,38.016952,38.017127,38.017727,38.017936,38.018665,38.019342,38.020124,38.02054,38.021384,38.02254,38.023242,38.023631,38.023866,38.023926,38.024067,38.024194,38.024411,38.025021,38.025525,38.025803,38.025888,38.026025,38.026571,38.026812,38.02712,38.028133,38.028954,38.029047,38.030325,38.030031,38.029616,38.029462,38.029373,38.02869,38.028136,38.028076,38.027802,38.027731,38.027697,38.027594,38.027503,38.027402,38.027313,38.027,38.027336,38.027689,38.028291,38.02844,38.028304,38.028085,38.027964,38.027866,38.027353,38.027058,38.026882,38.026814,38.026784,38.026755,38.026732,38.026173,38.025897,38.025759,38.025544,38.025117,38.024758,38.024439,38.024343,38.023985,38.023571,38.023188,38.022797,38.022592,38.02203,38.021652,38.021255,38.020874,38.020481,38.020064,38.019716,38.019498,38.018677,38.018189,38.017404,38.017048,38.015949,38.015923,38.015937,38.015945,38.015961,38.015985,38.016002,38.01602,38.016033,38.016036,38.016034,38.016031,38.016024,38.016019,38.016021,38.016038,38.016072,38.016117,38.016171,38.016219,38.016317,38.016378,38.016414,38.016422,38.01645,38.016507,38.016547,38.016566,38.016578,38.016587,38.016595,38.016617,38.016643,38.016666,38.016674,38.016681,38.016682,38.016672,38.016653,38.016642,38.016612,38.016639,38.016834,38.017543,38.017503,38.015276,38.015136,38.01501,38.014825,38.014721,38.014711,38.014639,38.014558,38.014463,38.01444,38.014406,38.014293,38.014193,38.01409,38.013946,38.013828,38.01342,38.012904,38.012992,38.013014,38.013014,38.012948,38.012904,38.012856,38.012812,38.012768,38.012769,38.012765,38.012748,38.012698,38.012633,38.012552,38.012493,38.012469,38.012396,38.012359,38.012301,38.012224,38.012186,38.012097,38.012081,38.012034,38.011976,38.011921,38.011863,38.011817,38.011781,38.011741,38.011713,38.011639,38.011591,38.011501,38.011463,38.011435,38.011413,38.011384,38.011332,38.0113,38.011286,38.011235,38.011158,38.011085,38.011045,38.011012,38.01098,38.010939,38.01087,38.010828,38.010766,38.010708,38.01067,38.010653,38.010626,38.010573,38.01052,38.010465,38.010393,38.01031,38.010252,38.0102,38.010152,38.010109,38.01005,38.01002,38.010016,38.010016,38.010024,38.010066,38.010084,38.010145,38.010235,38.010272,38.010324,38.010365]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.505517,-78.505246,-78.504772,-78.504629,-78.502936,-78.501643,-78.499698,-78.49884,-78.498191,-78.49565,-78.494974,-78.494048,-78.493334,-78.489881,-78.489101,-78.488916,-78.488002,-78.48885,-78.488911,-78.489447,-78.49012,-78.490287,-78.489909,-78.489123,-78.488968,-78.488873,-78.489332,-78.490183,-78.49121,-78.49154,-78.491689,-78.491837,-78.491895,-78.4921,-78.49241,-78.492968,-78.493889,-78.494559,-78.494899,-78.495516,-78.496054,-78.496635,-78.496802,-78.496828,-78.496892,-78.496974,-78.497057,-78.497279,-78.497343,-78.497592,-78.49853,-78.498648,-78.498752,-78.498968,-78.499079,-78.499225,-78.499282,-78.49944,-78.49953,-78.499732,-78.499877,-78.499988,-78.500071,-78.500267,-78.5003,-78.500439,-78.500924,-78.500952,-78.501264,-78.50148,-78.501577,-78.501743,-78.501825,-78.501847,-78.502014,-78.50218,-78.502534,-78.502645,-78.50277,-78.502853,-78.502909,-78.503031,-78.503079,-78.503214,-78.503261,-78.5033,-78.503403,-78.50343,-78.50346,-78.503516,-78.503581,-78.503655,-78.503744,-78.503908,-78.504101,-78.504312,-78.504466,-78.504564,-78.504651,-78.504884,-78.505206,-78.505266,-78.50529,-78.505412,-78.505517],"lat":[38.028309,38.028383,38.028524,38.028567,38.029073,38.029459,38.029936,38.030139,38.030292,38.030842,38.031012,38.031286,38.031439,38.030977,38.030774,38.03071,38.030325,38.029047,38.028954,38.028133,38.02712,38.026812,38.026571,38.026025,38.025888,38.025803,38.025525,38.025021,38.024411,38.024194,38.024067,38.023926,38.023866,38.023631,38.023242,38.02254,38.021384,38.02054,38.020124,38.019342,38.018665,38.017936,38.017727,38.017748,38.017816,38.017902,38.018022,38.018456,38.018558,38.01895,38.019729,38.019839,38.01996,38.020295,38.020437,38.020591,38.020669,38.020888,38.021036,38.021321,38.02168,38.021933,38.022059,38.022295,38.022334,38.022427,38.022636,38.022641,38.022823,38.022966,38.023054,38.023163,38.023224,38.023229,38.023301,38.023411,38.023603,38.02368,38.023784,38.023889,38.023977,38.024298,38.024281,38.024251,38.024367,38.02451,38.025098,38.02521,38.025321,38.025578,38.02571,38.025813,38.025908,38.026067,38.026234,38.026401,38.026546,38.026655,38.026782,38.027223,38.027786,38.027898,38.027915,38.028114,38.028309]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.503748,-78.501731,-78.50148,-78.501454,-78.50118,-78.500569,-78.500813,-78.500878,-78.501822,-78.501898,-78.502109,-78.502402,-78.502312,-78.501516,-78.500168,-78.500072,-78.498847,-78.497743,-78.495956,-78.495932,-78.495838,-78.495516,-78.495034,-78.494134,-78.492946,-78.492636,-78.492589,-78.492511,-78.492486,-78.492477,-78.492336,-78.492319,-78.492304,-78.49229,-78.492277,-78.492266,-78.492257,-78.492249,-78.492245,-78.49224,-78.492235,-78.492229,-78.492223,-78.492216,-78.492208,-78.492202,-78.492163,-78.491726,-78.491636,-78.491579,-78.491244,-78.490863,-78.490477,-78.490269,-78.489937,-78.489704,-78.489478,-78.489344,-78.489289,-78.489212,-78.488761,-78.48815,-78.488113,-78.487867,-78.48713,-78.486995,-78.486825,-78.486218,-78.486208,-78.486134,-78.48576,-78.485475,-78.485202,-78.485128,-78.482462,-78.482389,-78.481271,-78.4811,-78.480938,-78.480361,-78.480332,-78.480259,-78.480178,-78.480059,-78.479983,-78.479903,-78.479736,-78.479598,-78.479503,-78.479438,-78.479371,-78.479318,-78.479239,-78.479154,-78.479013,-78.478884,-78.478813,-78.478747,-78.47867,-78.478605,-78.478556,-78.478523,-78.478468,-78.478415,-78.478358,-78.478296,-78.478234,-78.478169,-78.478113,-78.47806,-78.477971,-78.477903,-78.477868,-78.477777,-78.477707,-78.477661,-78.477602,-78.477548,-78.477513,-78.477473,-78.477412,-78.477378,-78.477228,-78.476891,-78.476779,-78.476721,-78.476495,-78.476453,-78.476231,-78.476172,-78.476114,-78.476088,-78.475806,-78.475734,-78.475672,-78.475599,-78.475366,-78.475159,-78.475005,-78.474941,-78.474522,-78.47456,-78.474629,-78.474636,-78.474719,-78.474858,-78.474871,-78.474583,-78.47443,-78.473983,-78.473721,-78.473665,-78.473135,-78.472985,-78.472381,-78.471987,-78.471754,-78.471407,-78.471013,-78.471176,-78.471336,-78.471398,-78.471583,-78.471736,-78.471875,-78.472017,-78.472288,-78.472602,-78.47179,-78.469532,-78.469518,-78.468248,-78.468207,-78.468013,-78.46799,-78.467521,-78.466889,-78.466623,-78.466314,-78.466278,-78.46547,-78.465033,-78.464405,-78.464447,-78.464439,-78.467479,-78.468167,-78.468975,-78.470025,-78.472213,-78.472557,-78.473821,-78.477464,-78.478427,-78.47849,-78.478677,-78.478731,-78.478801,-78.478946,-78.479043,-78.479173,-78.479265,-78.479404,-78.479782,-78.480184,-78.480341,-78.480364,-78.480424,-78.48057,-78.480625,-78.480888,-78.481416,-78.481818,-78.481962,-78.482112,-78.482271,-78.482445,-78.482597,-78.482814,-78.483046,-78.483326,-78.483513,-78.483668,-78.484022,-78.48427,-78.484367,-78.484573,-78.484852,-78.485197,-78.48555,-78.485801,-78.486045,-78.486246,-78.48641,-78.486826,-78.48906,-78.490389,-78.492197,-78.492873,-78.493284,-78.494833,-78.495134,-78.49523,-78.495388,-78.495932,-78.496123,-78.496363,-78.496468,-78.496678,-78.496855,-78.497097,-78.497295,-78.497779,-78.498143,-78.498778,-78.498973,-78.499043,-78.49931,-78.499444,-78.500257,-78.500402,-78.500882,-78.501501,-78.502146,-78.502256,-78.503075,-78.503701,-78.503748],"lat":[38.057069,38.057511,38.057562,38.057566,38.057714,38.05804,38.058353,38.05844,38.059695,38.059821,38.060107,38.060463,38.060523,38.061049,38.06194,38.062004,38.062813,38.063525,38.064676,38.064729,38.064781,38.06498,38.065337,38.064637,38.063842,38.063635,38.063559,38.063432,38.063406,38.063395,38.063201,38.06318,38.063159,38.063137,38.063115,38.063092,38.063069,38.063042,38.063028,38.063015,38.063001,38.062988,38.062972,38.062956,38.06294,38.062928,38.062865,38.062153,38.062008,38.061895,38.062293,38.062734,38.063153,38.06338,38.063742,38.064005,38.064259,38.064409,38.06447,38.064554,38.065053,38.065739,38.06578,38.06605,38.06686,38.067008,38.067194,38.067866,38.067877,38.067959,38.068363,38.06867,38.068974,38.068935,38.067578,38.067523,38.066661,38.066549,38.066441,38.065844,38.065819,38.065821,38.065811,38.065787,38.065769,38.065763,38.06577,38.065759,38.06575,38.065733,38.065707,38.065689,38.065675,38.06568,38.065675,38.065664,38.065646,38.065613,38.065557,38.065518,38.065507,38.065506,38.065515,38.065511,38.065489,38.065463,38.065434,38.065397,38.065358,38.065319,38.065239,38.065184,38.065172,38.065154,38.065135,38.06511,38.065054,38.065003,38.064978,38.064935,38.064884,38.06493,38.065137,38.065601,38.065753,38.065833,38.066142,38.066138,38.066131,38.066176,38.066549,38.066711,38.066869,38.06691,38.066945,38.066986,38.067114,38.067232,38.067318,38.067354,38.067588,38.067718,38.067949,38.067975,38.068243,38.068675,38.068728,38.068909,38.069015,38.06936,38.069539,38.069577,38.069996,38.070127,38.070325,38.070455,38.070509,38.070146,38.069739,38.069509,38.069289,38.069202,38.068943,38.068732,38.068538,38.06834,38.067962,38.067476,38.067598,38.067934,38.067937,38.068126,38.068133,38.067734,38.067689,38.067759,38.06783,38.067436,38.066979,38.066926,38.065777,38.065237,38.064699,38.064615,38.06455,38.059071,38.057819,38.056432,38.055004,38.052543,38.05216,38.050741,38.046456,38.045266,38.045334,38.045564,38.045635,38.045728,38.045938,38.046097,38.046363,38.046597,38.047026,38.048128,38.049309,38.04975,38.049815,38.049998,38.0504,38.050543,38.051184,38.052384,38.053265,38.053539,38.053789,38.054023,38.054249,38.054429,38.054662,38.054885,38.055125,38.055269,38.055378,38.055606,38.055752,38.055805,38.055908,38.056032,38.056164,38.056282,38.056352,38.056408,38.056448,38.056476,38.05653,38.056767,38.056908,38.057101,38.057172,38.05722,38.057383,38.057414,38.057303,38.057116,38.056441,38.056209,38.055936,38.055826,38.055577,38.055363,38.055069,38.054815,38.054227,38.05377,38.052985,38.052775,38.052865,38.053184,38.053322,38.054218,38.054357,38.054819,38.055346,38.055874,38.055956,38.056566,38.057035,38.057069]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.478427,-78.477464,-78.473821,-78.472557,-78.472213,-78.471909,-78.471739,-78.471435,-78.471408,-78.471392,-78.471544,-78.471629,-78.472328,-78.472576,-78.472645,-78.472532,-78.472258,-78.471767,-78.471488,-78.47072,-78.470712,-78.470695,-78.470332,-78.470085,-78.469933,-78.470012,-78.470018,-78.46947,-78.468407,-78.467769,-78.467702,-78.4674,-78.467129,-78.466925,-78.466695,-78.466484,-78.466261,-78.466147,-78.46613,-78.466102,-78.466022,-78.465829,-78.465806,-78.465507,-78.465348,-78.465338,-78.465062,-78.465024,-78.465025,-78.464873,-78.464855,-78.464796,-78.464721,-78.464617,-78.46454,-78.464527,-78.464438,-78.464378,-78.464147,-78.464097,-78.464069,-78.464055,-78.464052,-78.464033,-78.46403,-78.462943,-78.46069,-78.460223,-78.457296,-78.457281,-78.45726,-78.457261,-78.4573,-78.457348,-78.457379,-78.457422,-78.457475,-78.457544,-78.45809,-78.458282,-78.458581,-78.458837,-78.458939,-78.458893,-78.457112,-78.45688,-78.456579,-78.456416,-78.45631,-78.456154,-78.456018,-78.455842,-78.455703,-78.455538,-78.455386,-78.455271,-78.454896,-78.45446,-78.454308,-78.454627,-78.454807,-78.454387,-78.452804,-78.451013,-78.449898,-78.449326,-78.449228,-78.449214,-78.449174,-78.449138,-78.449082,-78.449038,-78.448801,-78.448796,-78.448753,-78.44871,-78.44864,-78.448563,-78.448502,-78.448459,-78.448397,-78.448304,-78.448259,-78.448201,-78.448145,-78.448079,-78.448015,-78.447968,-78.447926,-78.447888,-78.44785,-78.447808,-78.447782,-78.447725,-78.447697,-78.447652,-78.447641,-78.447581,-78.447573,-78.447547,-78.447563,-78.447553,-78.447542,-78.447546,-78.44749,-78.447526,-78.447529,-78.447548,-78.447546,-78.447507,-78.447518,-78.447518,-78.44751,-78.447547,-78.447554,-78.44758,-78.44759,-78.447588,-78.447567,-78.447568,-78.447564,-78.44757,-78.447563,-78.447561,-78.447537,-78.447505,-78.447509,-78.447496,-78.447488,-78.447453,-78.447454,-78.447447,-78.44744,-78.447436,-78.447412,-78.447398,-78.447398,-78.447385,-78.447369,-78.447356,-78.447338,-78.447322,-78.447325,-78.447313,-78.447306,-78.447297,-78.44727,-78.447253,-78.44725,-78.44725,-78.447247,-78.447234,-78.44721,-78.447217,-78.447209,-78.447188,-78.447184,-78.447179,-78.44716,-78.44715,-78.447147,-78.447125,-78.447095,-78.447057,-78.446997,-78.446949,-78.446855,-78.446832,-78.446793,-78.446738,-78.446679,-78.4466,-78.446578,-78.446576,-78.446548,-78.446515,-78.446332,-78.446309,-78.4463,-78.4463,-78.446308,-78.446322,-78.446333,-78.446349,-78.44636,-78.446393,-78.44643,-78.446443,-78.44646,-78.446488,-78.446514,-78.446523,-78.446526,-78.446495,-78.446495,-78.446513,-78.446544,-78.446567,-78.446597,-78.446641,-78.44668,-78.446686,-78.446704,-78.446739,-78.446768,-78.446802,-78.446831,-78.446855,-78.446883,-78.446907,-78.446937,-78.446946,-78.446943,-78.446982,-78.447006,-78.447039,-78.447088,-78.447112,-78.447125,-78.447159,-78.447203,-78.447234,-78.447265,-78.447307,-78.447317,-78.447302,-78.447326,-78.447421,-78.44748,-78.447504,-78.447529,-78.447599,-78.447718,-78.447831,-78.447911,-78.447948,-78.448038,-78.448118,-78.448166,-78.448257,-78.448331,-78.448407,-78.448492,-78.448562,-78.448651,-78.448734,-78.44881,-78.448892,-78.448975,-78.449057,-78.449129,-78.449215,-78.449307,-78.449394,-78.449472,-78.449545,-78.449596,-78.449692,-78.449818,-78.44994,-78.450062,-78.450333,-78.450551,-78.450656,-78.450674,-78.450748,-78.450824,-78.450919,-78.450988,-78.451056,-78.451103,-78.451141,-78.451278,-78.451364,-78.451389,-78.451441,-78.451532,-78.451663,-78.451766,-78.451855,-78.451891,-78.451911,-78.451994,-78.45207,-78.452096,-78.452117,-78.45218,-78.452239,-78.452288,-78.452341,-78.452397,-78.452435,-78.452493,-78.452565,-78.452677,-78.452767,-78.452831,-78.452962,-78.453035,-78.453076,-78.453189,-78.453285,-78.453355,-78.453442,-78.453514,-78.453622,-78.453688,-78.453741,-78.453759,-78.453816,-78.453917,-78.453947,-78.453992,-78.454019,-78.454071,-78.45414,-78.454246,-78.454266,-78.454286,-78.454324,-78.454351,-78.454414,-78.454476,-78.454505,-78.454536,-78.454618,-78.454643,-78.454657,-78.454732,-78.454946,-78.455048,-78.454985,-78.454682,-78.454552,-78.45443,-78.454381,-78.454314,-78.454141,-78.454015,-78.453978,-78.454092,-78.454401,-78.454662,-78.455013,-78.45512,-78.455495,-78.455949,-78.456392,-78.456492,-78.457239,-78.457815,-78.458535,-78.45943,-78.459592,-78.460028,-78.461009,-78.461678,-78.461991,-78.462433,-78.462888,-78.46323,-78.463422,-78.463519,-78.463745,-78.463969,-78.464129,-78.464267,-78.464487,-78.465549,-78.465847,-78.466097,-78.466268,-78.466488,-78.466681,-78.46687,-78.467066,-78.467266,-78.46749,-78.467592,-78.468253,-78.468469,-78.46865,-78.468874,-78.469096,-78.469315,-78.469489,-78.469701,-78.469865,-78.470023,-78.470263,-78.470649,-78.471936,-78.47281,-78.473055,-78.473209,-78.473258,-78.473443,-78.47364,-78.473947,-78.474523,-78.474576,-78.474844,-78.474974,-78.475105,-78.475335,-78.475505,-78.475583,-78.475859,-78.476154,-78.476627,-78.476901,-78.477233,-78.477449,-78.477678,-78.477834,-78.478168,-78.478317,-78.478427],"lat":[38.045266,38.046456,38.050741,38.05216,38.052543,38.052044,38.051767,38.051054,38.050991,38.050797,38.050473,38.050433,38.050048,38.049533,38.049209,38.048945,38.04878,38.048764,38.048757,38.04873,38.048716,38.048683,38.048,38.047427,38.047038,38.046989,38.046759,38.046644,38.046595,38.046269,38.046245,38.046139,38.046046,38.045974,38.045897,38.045823,38.045746,38.045707,38.0457,38.04575,38.045909,38.046266,38.046308,38.046863,38.047119,38.047152,38.048214,38.048265,38.048312,38.048334,38.048342,38.048367,38.048404,38.048473,38.04854,38.048551,38.048659,38.04875,38.049168,38.049289,38.049389,38.049464,38.049474,38.049538,38.049554,38.049521,38.049455,38.049449,38.049412,38.049445,38.049579,38.049681,38.049898,38.05028,38.050336,38.050375,38.050403,38.050424,38.050656,38.050746,38.05086,38.050964,38.051005,38.051107,38.055089,38.055613,38.05555,38.055502,38.055464,38.055395,38.055318,38.05519,38.055066,38.054893,38.054723,38.054604,38.054217,38.054505,38.054603,38.054926,38.055108,38.055405,38.056479,38.057695,38.058451,38.058851,38.058919,38.058929,38.058883,38.05884,38.058771,38.058715,38.058457,38.058447,38.058395,38.058325,38.058262,38.058175,38.058098,38.058036,38.057995,38.057899,38.057823,38.057748,38.057674,38.057599,38.057498,38.05741,38.057305,38.057232,38.057133,38.057021,38.056938,38.056728,38.056667,38.056589,38.056538,38.056425,38.056409,38.056313,38.056267,38.056211,38.05605,38.055952,38.055798,38.055259,38.055222,38.055187,38.055134,38.05511,38.055012,38.054912,38.054833,38.054632,38.054562,38.054307,38.054211,38.054162,38.05392,38.053763,38.053644,38.05357,38.053525,38.053508,38.053446,38.053364,38.053264,38.053177,38.053127,38.053049,38.052941,38.05285,38.052749,38.052651,38.05263,38.052524,38.052468,38.052434,38.052345,38.052272,38.0522,38.052112,38.052055,38.052005,38.051938,38.05187,38.051805,38.051682,38.051608,38.05155,38.051508,38.051466,38.051383,38.051327,38.051302,38.051221,38.051136,38.051053,38.05101,38.050944,38.050916,38.050882,38.050814,38.050746,38.050639,38.050566,38.050441,38.050384,38.050348,38.050283,38.050222,38.050198,38.050073,38.050052,38.050018,38.049974,38.049614,38.049544,38.049483,38.049421,38.049348,38.049281,38.049194,38.049137,38.049093,38.048986,38.048895,38.048909,38.048846,38.048728,38.048648,38.048585,38.048542,38.048521,38.048409,38.048372,38.048301,38.048231,38.048151,38.048051,38.047926,38.047904,38.047834,38.047707,38.047603,38.047504,38.04744,38.04738,38.047319,38.047258,38.047189,38.047162,38.047091,38.04699,38.046922,38.046832,38.04676,38.046709,38.046638,38.046548,38.046463,38.046415,38.046334,38.046269,38.046244,38.046189,38.046085,38.045925,38.045865,38.045842,38.045817,38.045743,38.045713,38.045715,38.045722,38.045726,38.045685,38.04568,38.045664,38.045631,38.045603,38.045577,38.045548,38.045522,38.045473,38.045436,38.045418,38.045394,38.045372,38.045345,38.045326,38.045306,38.045309,38.045312,38.045322,38.045341,38.045347,38.045356,38.045404,38.045472,38.045498,38.045592,38.045624,38.045645,38.045645,38.045639,38.045644,38.045647,38.045661,38.04567,38.045669,38.045672,38.045685,38.045707,38.045721,38.045728,38.045739,38.045749,38.045757,38.04576,38.045768,38.04577,38.045772,38.045783,38.04579,38.045782,38.045774,38.045771,38.045773,38.045776,38.045778,38.045774,38.045771,38.045769,38.045764,38.045762,38.045763,38.045759,38.045776,38.045778,38.045779,38.045782,38.04578,38.045774,38.045772,38.045761,38.045768,38.045762,38.045756,38.045742,38.045716,38.045708,38.045704,38.045697,38.04568,38.045653,38.045617,38.045607,38.045596,38.045571,38.045556,38.045506,38.045465,38.045451,38.045427,38.045381,38.045367,38.045359,38.045278,38.0446,38.044041,38.043792,38.043363,38.043049,38.042754,38.042582,38.042364,38.041787,38.041048,38.040141,38.039243,38.038356,38.037829,38.037399,38.037269,38.036862,38.036419,38.035991,38.035904,38.035206,38.034935,38.034559,38.035036,38.035124,38.035323,38.035731,38.036002,38.036137,38.036316,38.036495,38.036645,38.036729,38.03677,38.036877,38.037,38.037099,38.037194,38.037345,38.038132,38.038348,38.038531,38.038641,38.038756,38.038839,38.038899,38.038946,38.038979,38.038999,38.039002,38.038994,38.038992,38.038996,38.039014,38.039046,38.03909,38.039136,38.039205,38.03927,38.039343,38.039474,38.039707,38.040493,38.041022,38.041174,38.041279,38.041315,38.041454,38.041619,38.041898,38.042504,38.04256,38.04283,38.042956,38.043065,38.04324,38.043356,38.043403,38.043556,38.043698,38.043934,38.044086,38.044285,38.044429,38.044598,38.044721,38.045006,38.045148,38.045266]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.52368,-78.523634,-78.522637,-78.519787,-78.518795,-78.518035,-78.516352,-78.514983,-78.511834,-78.511507,-78.510448,-78.509734,-78.509134,-78.508331,-78.507698,-78.506944,-78.506304,-78.505683,-78.505517,-78.505412,-78.50529,-78.505266,-78.505206,-78.504884,-78.504651,-78.504564,-78.504466,-78.504312,-78.504101,-78.503908,-78.503744,-78.503655,-78.503581,-78.503516,-78.50346,-78.50343,-78.503403,-78.5033,-78.503261,-78.503214,-78.503079,-78.503031,-78.502909,-78.502853,-78.50277,-78.502645,-78.502534,-78.50218,-78.502014,-78.501847,-78.501825,-78.501743,-78.501577,-78.50148,-78.501264,-78.500952,-78.500924,-78.500439,-78.5003,-78.500267,-78.500071,-78.499988,-78.499877,-78.499732,-78.49953,-78.49944,-78.499282,-78.499225,-78.499079,-78.498968,-78.498752,-78.498648,-78.49853,-78.497592,-78.497343,-78.497279,-78.497057,-78.496974,-78.496892,-78.496828,-78.496802,-78.497279,-78.497417,-78.497509,-78.497957,-78.498386,-78.498731,-78.499382,-78.50005,-78.502588,-78.503126,-78.503353,-78.503588,-78.503857,-78.504131,-78.504739,-78.505357,-78.505442,-78.505599,-78.505739,-78.505965,-78.506169,-78.506303,-78.50638,-78.506427,-78.506532,-78.506603,-78.506664,-78.506751,-78.506874,-78.506997,-78.507088,-78.507145,-78.507249,-78.507316,-78.507354,-78.507416,-78.50755,-78.507729,-78.507913,-78.508056,-78.508183,-78.508271,-78.508327,-78.508373,-78.508402,-78.508434,-78.508464,-78.508464,-78.508473,-78.508508,-78.508563,-78.508612,-78.5087,-78.508771,-78.50884,-78.508864,-78.508947,-78.50903,-78.509115,-78.509157,-78.509184,-78.509213,-78.50926,-78.509309,-78.509342,-78.5094,-78.509459,-78.509498,-78.509529,-78.50956,-78.509596,-78.509619,-78.509648,-78.509683,-78.509707,-78.509737,-78.509845,-78.50986,-78.509863,-78.509863,-78.509881,-78.509892,-78.509933,-78.509976,-78.510003,-78.510016,-78.51003,-78.510058,-78.510062,-78.510085,-78.51011,-78.51016,-78.510222,-78.510253,-78.510283,-78.510353,-78.510411,-78.510461,-78.510495,-78.51054,-78.510586,-78.510635,-78.510664,-78.510681,-78.510701,-78.510738,-78.510779,-78.510826,-78.510897,-78.510953,-78.510992,-78.51106,-78.511158,-78.511228,-78.511339,-78.51144,-78.511464,-78.511528,-78.511626,-78.511699,-78.511747,-78.511805,-78.511867,-78.511931,-78.512019,-78.51211,-78.512185,-78.5123,-78.512384,-78.512427,-78.512481,-78.512549,-78.512654,-78.512724,-78.512817,-78.512864,-78.512984,-78.513059,-78.513101,-78.513186,-78.513261,-78.513321,-78.513335,-78.513372,-78.513396,-78.513465,-78.513527,-78.513548,-78.513604,-78.513646,-78.51371,-78.513768,-78.513817,-78.513895,-78.513924,-78.51394,-78.513909,-78.513913,-78.513929,-78.513987,-78.514029,-78.51408,-78.514099,-78.514117,-78.514152,-78.514235,-78.51434,-78.514418,-78.51447,-78.514556,-78.51463,-78.514756,-78.514813,-78.514928,-78.514987,-78.515044,-78.515129,-78.515157,-78.515176,-78.515251,-78.5153,-78.515357,-78.51541,-78.515447,-78.515477,-78.51552,-78.515566,-78.515638,-78.5157,-78.515763,-78.515753,-78.515729,-78.515796,-78.515873,-78.515931,-78.516025,-78.51612,-78.516175,-78.516224,-78.516274,-78.516447,-78.516451,-78.516505,-78.516571,-78.51662,-78.516705,-78.516786,-78.516898,-78.516984,-78.517043,-78.517071,-78.517123,-78.517188,-78.517201,-78.517241,-78.51727,-78.517367,-78.517444,-78.517474,-78.517528,-78.517645,-78.517714,-78.517781,-78.517875,-78.518016,-78.518097,-78.518185,-78.51833,-78.518378,-78.518412,-78.518429,-78.518457,-78.51861,-78.518708,-78.518722,-78.518734,-78.518759,-78.518829,-78.518863,-78.518906,-78.519034,-78.519059,-78.519097,-78.519132,-78.519157,-78.519191,-78.519245,-78.519284,-78.519313,-78.519333,-78.519338,-78.519341,-78.519338,-78.519338,-78.519334,-78.519338,-78.519345,-78.519352,-78.519362,-78.519369,-78.519344,-78.519317,-78.519258,-78.519215,-78.519119,-78.519009,-78.518945,-78.518899,-78.51881,-78.51879,-78.518766,-78.518751,-78.518748,-78.518755,-78.518758,-78.518768,-78.518793,-78.518803,-78.518815,-78.518826,-78.518819,-78.518805,-78.518793,-78.518793,-78.518803,-78.518832,-78.518832,-78.518824,-78.51881,-78.518795,-78.518781,-78.518769,-78.518758,-78.518745,-78.518735,-78.518738,-78.518745,-78.518761,-78.51879,-78.518817,-78.518853,-78.518885,-78.518911,-78.518944,-78.518973,-78.518988,-78.518995,-78.518998,-78.519002,-78.519015,-78.519033,-78.519037,-78.519033,-78.519026,-78.519019,-78.519016,-78.519009,-78.519002,-78.519002,-78.51902,-78.519001,-78.518991,-78.518985,-78.51897,-78.518954,-78.518961,-78.518961,-78.518967,-78.518981,-78.518999,-78.519002,-78.519046,-78.519074,-78.519102,-78.519127,-78.519144,-78.519161,-78.519182,-78.519197,-78.519207,-78.519252,-78.519259,-78.51928,-78.519318,-78.519339,-78.519353,-78.519373,-78.519378,-78.519386,-78.519439,-78.519496,-78.519592,-78.519664,-78.519694,-78.519842,-78.519897,-78.519923,-78.519923,-78.519894,-78.519864,-78.519858,-78.519883,-78.519916,-78.519948,-78.52,-78.520015,-78.520044,-78.520068,-78.520081,-78.520144,-78.520235,-78.520281,-78.520331,-78.520375,-78.520397,-78.520459,-78.520528,-78.520556,-78.520613,-78.520647,-78.52068,-78.520703,-78.520717,-78.520725,-78.520718,-78.520736,-78.520764,-78.520794,-78.520852,-78.520923,-78.521012,-78.521077,-78.521135,-78.521188,-78.521236,-78.521297,-78.521351,-78.521385,-78.521461,-78.521498,-78.521562,-78.521605,-78.521673,-78.521726,-78.521767,-78.521822,-78.521906,-78.521981,-78.52205,-78.522105,-78.522175,-78.522216,-78.522231,-78.522294,-78.522429,-78.52244,-78.522566,-78.5228,-78.523279,-78.523317,-78.523386,-78.523542,-78.523514,-78.523472,-78.523445,-78.523438,-78.52343,-78.523478,-78.523507,-78.523546,-78.523708,-78.52368],"lat":[38.022327,38.022341,38.022665,38.023592,38.023916,38.024162,38.024706,38.025162,38.026236,38.026358,38.026633,38.026939,38.027139,38.027403,38.027606,38.02785,38.028057,38.028258,38.028309,38.028114,38.027915,38.027898,38.027786,38.027223,38.026782,38.026655,38.026546,38.026401,38.026234,38.026067,38.025908,38.025813,38.02571,38.025578,38.025321,38.02521,38.025098,38.02451,38.024367,38.024251,38.024281,38.024298,38.023977,38.023889,38.023784,38.02368,38.023603,38.023411,38.023301,38.023229,38.023224,38.023163,38.023054,38.022966,38.022823,38.022641,38.022636,38.022427,38.022334,38.022295,38.022059,38.021933,38.02168,38.021321,38.021036,38.020888,38.020669,38.020591,38.020437,38.020295,38.01996,38.019839,38.019729,38.01895,38.018558,38.018456,38.018022,38.017902,38.017816,38.017748,38.017727,38.017127,38.016952,38.016835,38.016299,38.01584,38.015509,38.014929,38.014345,38.012121,38.011645,38.011468,38.0113,38.011124,38.010965,38.010661,38.010365,38.010324,38.010378,38.010426,38.010483,38.010537,38.010561,38.010564,38.010582,38.010619,38.010635,38.01065,38.010678,38.010735,38.010786,38.010819,38.010844,38.01087,38.010899,38.010919,38.010933,38.010971,38.011001,38.011032,38.01106,38.011086,38.011131,38.011176,38.011225,38.011276,38.011297,38.011331,38.011363,38.011378,38.011374,38.011363,38.011345,38.011329,38.011317,38.011321,38.011317,38.011277,38.011219,38.011145,38.011079,38.011007,38.010938,38.010879,38.010849,38.010823,38.01078,38.010721,38.01066,38.010601,38.010538,38.010484,38.010448,38.010427,38.010413,38.010411,38.010404,38.010373,38.010359,38.010334,38.010278,38.010256,38.010248,38.010204,38.010134,38.010073,38.010028,38.009947,38.009901,38.009887,38.009843,38.009815,38.009774,38.009744,38.009735,38.009731,38.009731,38.009733,38.009724,38.009701,38.00968,38.00967,38.009676,38.009705,38.009741,38.009761,38.009777,38.00979,38.009799,38.009803,38.0098,38.009791,38.009767,38.009713,38.009677,38.009621,38.009608,38.009602,38.009593,38.009588,38.009593,38.009599,38.009611,38.009624,38.009638,38.009649,38.009644,38.009631,38.009619,38.009618,38.009622,38.009635,38.009647,38.009679,38.009696,38.009709,38.009705,38.009711,38.009713,38.009706,38.009694,38.0097,38.009717,38.009725,38.009734,38.009737,38.009744,38.009746,38.009741,38.009698,38.00969,38.009694,38.009705,38.009722,38.009757,38.00979,38.009807,38.009854,38.009863,38.009879,38.009893,38.009899,38.009936,38.009954,38.009962,38.009975,38.01,38.010016,38.010022,38.010015,38.00999,38.009963,38.009935,38.009928,38.009909,38.009914,38.009932,38.009984,38.010039,38.010083,38.010167,38.010184,38.010198,38.010193,38.010163,38.010127,38.010072,38.010035,38.010027,38.010025,38.010023,38.010017,38.009979,38.009871,38.009827,38.009805,38.009801,38.009816,38.009861,38.009917,38.009965,38.010094,38.010109,38.010149,38.010179,38.010172,38.010157,38.010151,38.010154,38.010168,38.010186,38.01019,38.010207,38.01023,38.010236,38.010242,38.010252,38.01031,38.010347,38.010357,38.010357,38.010351,38.010359,38.010376,38.010406,38.010445,38.010467,38.010495,38.010549,38.010561,38.010581,38.010592,38.010637,38.010678,38.010705,38.010707,38.010704,38.010706,38.01073,38.010732,38.010737,38.010732,38.010727,38.010706,38.010678,38.010655,38.010631,38.010614,38.010628,38.010648,38.010678,38.010716,38.010801,38.010832,38.010867,38.01097,38.011013,38.011082,38.011156,38.011243,38.011334,38.011398,38.01142,38.011443,38.011456,38.011488,38.011526,38.011567,38.011591,38.011616,38.011629,38.011655,38.011709,38.011722,38.011788,38.011824,38.011864,38.01195,38.012046,38.012089,38.01237,38.012568,38.012678,38.012763,38.012786,38.012822,38.012924,38.012988,38.013069,38.013133,38.013176,38.013204,38.013237,38.013309,38.01337,38.013453,38.013546,38.013629,38.013689,38.013738,38.013781,38.013824,38.013859,38.013893,38.013945,38.014011,38.014082,38.01417,38.014234,38.014276,38.014317,38.014381,38.01448,38.01455,38.014594,38.014626,38.014658,38.014738,38.014805,38.014943,38.01504,38.01509,38.01513,38.015186,38.015273,38.01533,38.015419,38.015506,38.015549,38.015641,38.015754,38.015791,38.015915,38.016001,38.016083,38.016169,38.016243,38.016316,38.016359,38.016434,38.016499,38.016661,38.016695,38.016789,38.016913,38.01703,38.017125,38.017189,38.017204,38.017213,38.017243,38.017274,38.017302,38.017327,38.017341,38.017419,38.017469,38.01752,38.017585,38.017644,38.017672,38.017696,38.017794,38.017857,38.017905,38.017952,38.017975,38.01801,38.018053,38.01807,38.018142,38.018212,38.018277,38.018325,38.018355,38.01838,38.018425,38.018469,38.018484,38.018511,38.018534,38.018571,38.01863,38.018685,38.018749,38.018811,38.018861,38.018891,38.018909,38.018925,38.018937,38.018951,38.018958,38.018957,38.018952,38.018937,38.018903,38.018868,38.018827,38.018721,38.018674,38.018617,38.018592,38.018574,38.018583,38.018594,38.018591,38.018568,38.018543,38.018518,38.018496,38.01846,38.018429,38.018404,38.018222,38.018164,38.018161,38.018129,38.018578,38.019526,38.0196,38.019734,38.02004,38.020314,38.020707,38.020709,38.020847,38.020994,38.021393,38.021427,38.021474,38.022283,38.022327]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.491913,-78.489639,-78.48926,-78.488334,-78.486421,-78.486294,-78.486058,-78.485833,-78.485806,-78.485182,-78.484391,-78.483626,-78.482998,-78.482689,-78.482439,-78.481473,-78.481158,-78.480873,-78.480718,-78.480634,-78.478481,-78.478427,-78.478317,-78.478168,-78.477834,-78.477678,-78.477449,-78.477233,-78.476901,-78.476627,-78.476154,-78.475859,-78.475583,-78.475505,-78.475335,-78.475105,-78.474974,-78.474844,-78.474576,-78.474523,-78.473947,-78.47364,-78.473443,-78.473258,-78.473209,-78.473055,-78.47281,-78.471936,-78.470649,-78.470263,-78.470023,-78.469865,-78.469701,-78.469489,-78.469315,-78.469096,-78.468874,-78.46865,-78.468469,-78.468253,-78.467592,-78.46749,-78.467266,-78.467066,-78.46687,-78.466681,-78.466488,-78.466268,-78.466097,-78.465847,-78.465917,-78.465994,-78.466093,-78.467169,-78.467424,-78.467712,-78.468204,-78.468349,-78.468577,-78.468773,-78.469684,-78.47027,-78.4707,-78.470803,-78.470842,-78.470914,-78.471136,-78.471328,-78.471427,-78.471851,-78.473042,-78.473386,-78.473549,-78.473708,-78.473771,-78.473867,-78.473934,-78.474004,-78.474113,-78.47431,-78.474422,-78.474976,-78.475087,-78.475233,-78.475426,-78.475702,-78.475804,-78.475932,-78.476119,-78.476274,-78.476434,-78.476515,-78.476596,-78.476646,-78.476678,-78.477002,-78.477131,-78.477349,-78.477487,-78.47762,-78.477669,-78.477731,-78.477792,-78.477935,-78.478342,-78.478977,-78.480083,-78.480303,-78.480619,-78.481284,-78.481736,-78.481808,-78.482066,-78.482219,-78.482378,-78.482662,-78.482761,-78.482897,-78.483045,-78.483252,-78.483334,-78.483507,-78.484321,-78.484488,-78.486049,-78.485646,-78.485603,-78.485528,-78.486977,-78.488002,-78.488916,-78.489101,-78.489881,-78.493334,-78.491913],"lat":[38.03196,38.033278,38.033498,38.034039,38.035452,38.035599,38.035874,38.036138,38.036166,38.036785,38.037572,38.038253,38.038976,38.039413,38.039756,38.041048,38.041471,38.041866,38.042081,38.042197,38.04519,38.045266,38.045148,38.045006,38.044721,38.044598,38.044429,38.044285,38.044086,38.043934,38.043698,38.043556,38.043403,38.043356,38.04324,38.043065,38.042956,38.04283,38.04256,38.042504,38.041898,38.041619,38.041454,38.041315,38.041279,38.041174,38.041022,38.040493,38.039707,38.039474,38.039343,38.03927,38.039205,38.039136,38.03909,38.039046,38.039014,38.038996,38.038992,38.038994,38.039002,38.038999,38.038979,38.038946,38.038899,38.038839,38.038756,38.038641,38.038531,38.038348,38.038291,38.038227,38.038141,38.037253,38.037026,38.036741,38.036182,38.036006,38.035708,38.035428,38.0341,38.033241,38.032614,38.032467,38.032414,38.032316,38.032016,38.031764,38.031642,38.031603,38.031516,38.031494,38.031474,38.031439,38.031415,38.031366,38.031314,38.031242,38.031085,38.030811,38.030641,38.029855,38.02972,38.029575,38.029435,38.029274,38.029211,38.029129,38.028994,38.028863,38.028702,38.028603,38.028484,38.028412,38.028364,38.027822,38.0276,38.027211,38.026942,38.026732,38.026755,38.026784,38.026814,38.026882,38.027058,38.027353,38.027866,38.027964,38.028085,38.028304,38.02844,38.028291,38.027689,38.027336,38.027,38.027313,38.027402,38.027503,38.027594,38.027697,38.027731,38.027802,38.028076,38.028136,38.02869,38.029373,38.029462,38.029616,38.030031,38.030325,38.03071,38.030774,38.030977,38.031439,38.03196]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#CCAF2E","#41AAAA","#EF6901","#41AAAA","#E34400","#4DB48A","#F99306","#F99306","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#41AAAA"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 20.9%<br>Number of families: 110<br>Census Tract: 2.01<br>Area Name: Rose Hill-Harris-Venable","Percent of families: 5.6%<br>Number of families: 49<br>Census Tract: 4.02<br>Area Name: Belmont","Percent of families: 47.9%<br>Number of families: 138<br>Census Tract: 6<br>Area Name: JPA-Fontaine","Percent of families: 5%<br>Number of families: 33<br>Census Tract: 7<br>Area Name: Barracks-Rugby","Percent of families: 56.6%<br>Number of families: 299<br>Census Tract: 2.02<br>Area Name: 10th & Page-Venable","Percent of families: 14.7%<br>Number of families: 120<br>Census Tract: 3.02<br>Area Name: Woolen Mills","Percent of families: 37.1%<br>Number of families: 359<br>Census Tract: 4.01<br>Area Name: Ridge St.","Percent of families: 36.5%<br>Number of families: 294<br>Census Tract: 5.01<br>Area Name: Fifeville-Cherry Avenue","Percent of families: 16.4%<br>Number of families: 151<br>Census Tract: 8<br>Area Name: Greenbrier-Meadows","Percent of families: 0%<br>Number of families: 0<br>Census Tract: 9<br>Area Name: Locust Grove","Percent of families: 6.6%<br>Number of families: 77<br>Census Tract: 5.02<br>Area Name: Fry's Springs","Percent of families: 8.4%<br>Number of families: 80<br>Census Tract: 10<br>Area Name: Downtown Area"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[38.009588,38.070509],"lng":[-78.523708,-78.4463]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Fluvanna County

#### Fluvanna County

There are 7,131 families living in Fluvanna County. Of these, 559 (7.8%)
do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the costs
associated with working.

Fluvanna County at a glance:

- Fluvanna ranks as the third most expensive locality for families in
  the region given the costs of housing and childcare.

- Fluvanna has the lowest percent of struggling families across the
  region, and the smallest racial disparity across struggling families.
  The percent of Black families making under \$35,000 (11%) is 4% higher
  than the percent of white families making under \$35,000 (7%).

- Fluvanna, relative to the other localities, has the largest percent of
  families making in the \$60,000-\$100,000 a year range, and the second
  largest percent of families making over \$100,000.

- Relative to the other counties, the spatial difference between the
  highest median family income in a tract and the lowest is smaller in
  Fluvanna. In other words, the median family income is more consistent
  across the areas in Fluvanna than it is in other counties.

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Fluvanna County

<br/> As this table shows, 79% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Fluvanna, while
Black families are over-represented at the low end of the pay range
(under \$35,000) and under-represented at the high end of the pay range
(over \$100,000), the disparity here is much smaller than across the
region as a whole.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Fluvanna County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-28-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income or the percent of families within the tract who
make less than \$35,000. Having a higher percentage of struggling
families in an area has implications for the resources and opportunities
available to the families living there.

To see which neighborhoods in Fluvanna County have the highest and
lowest median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median
income and neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Fluvanna County

<div id="htmlwidget-8dba76d8570323411840" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-8dba76d8570323411840">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.491345,-78.490771,-78.490566,-78.490124,-78.48882,-78.488736,-78.488578,-78.488052,-78.487996,-78.487908,-78.484381,-78.481008,-78.480584,-78.476588,-78.473411,-78.472927,-78.469133,-78.468477,-78.467795,-78.467764,-78.467724,-78.467521,-78.46134,-78.461137,-78.461002,-78.460421,-78.460195,-78.459831,-78.456854,-78.455634,-78.455113,-78.455041,-78.454787,-78.45179,-78.449365,-78.446945,-78.446768,-78.446028,-78.445754,-78.440485,-78.440166,-78.439313,-78.439104,-78.439089,-78.439025,-78.438091,-78.433487,-78.431765,-78.425791,-78.425477,-78.425012,-78.423331,-78.42291,-78.4205,-78.420398,-78.419762,-78.415803,-78.414314,-78.414091,-78.413436,-78.413353,-78.413183,-78.412666,-78.411086,-78.40999,-78.408129,-78.406702,-78.403014,-78.402675,-78.402278,-78.401907,-78.401264,-78.400227,-78.397664,-78.397267,-78.396634,-78.396181,-78.388598,-78.388035,-78.387333,-78.387088,-78.385877,-78.38565,-78.383673,-78.382112,-78.382042,-78.381978,-78.379914,-78.379804,-78.379679,-78.378628,-78.378236,-78.373346,-78.372591,-78.371305,-78.367547,-78.367421,-78.366568,-78.366408,-78.366375,-78.366146,-78.365606,-78.365436,-78.364827,-78.364451,-78.364191,-78.363848,-78.363448,-78.363425,-78.362773,-78.362455,-78.362219,-78.362069,-78.36196,-78.361746,-78.361499,-78.360524,-78.360262,-78.360191,-78.360095,-78.359955,-78.359489,-78.359379,-78.35929,-78.359209,-78.359162,-78.358827,-78.358775,-78.358595,-78.358499,-78.358406,-78.358331,-78.35822,-78.358078,-78.357921,-78.357819,-78.357602,-78.357408,-78.357203,-78.356997,-78.356716,-78.356172,-78.355497,-78.354611,-78.354323,-78.354061,-78.353859,-78.353669,-78.353504,-78.353347,-78.35317,-78.353035,-78.352943,-78.352787,-78.352715,-78.352641,-78.352527,-78.352446,-78.352015,-78.351953,-78.351852,-78.351734,-78.351525,-78.351315,-78.351152,-78.350692,-78.349541,-78.349089,-78.348274,-78.347983,-78.347837,-78.347741,-78.347659,-78.347579,-78.347514,-78.347484,-78.347471,-78.347477,-78.347501,-78.347545,-78.347569,-78.347606,-78.347761,-78.347809,-78.347828,-78.347842,-78.347831,-78.347821,-78.34778,-78.347733,-78.347643,-78.347598,-78.347464,-78.347277,-78.346948,-78.346747,-78.346493,-78.346467,-78.346243,-78.346108,-78.345891,-78.345515,-78.34524,-78.344832,-78.344296,-78.344091,-78.344047,-78.343841,-78.343564,-78.343341,-78.342848,-78.342712,-78.34236,-78.342123,-78.341959,-78.341698,-78.341474,-78.34105,-78.340863,-78.340488,-78.340391,-78.340258,-78.339968,-78.339416,-78.339179,-78.339021,-78.338816,-78.338626,-78.338425,-78.338094,-78.338027,-78.337873,-78.336832,-78.336335,-78.335904,-78.335565,-78.335179,-78.334058,-78.333605,-78.333289,-78.332996,-78.33257,-78.332402,-78.331923,-78.33136,-78.331148,-78.330799,-78.330531,-78.330257,-78.329963,-78.329485,-78.329167,-78.328996,-78.328841,-78.328769,-78.328728,-78.328651,-78.328535,-78.32846,-78.328418,-78.328357,-78.328332,-78.32823,-78.328181,-78.328123,-78.328048,-78.32797,-78.327926,-78.327878,-78.327741,-78.327617,-78.327509,-78.327392,-78.32732,-78.327143,-78.326915,-78.3267,-78.326501,-78.326078,-78.325203,-78.323936,-78.323707,-78.323391,-78.323146,-78.321786,-78.321358,-78.321193,-78.321002,-78.321003,-78.321059,-78.320947,-78.320844,-78.320764,-78.320691,-78.320699,-78.320745,-78.320927,-78.321228,-78.321468,-78.321496,-78.321533,-78.321545,-78.321543,-78.321512,-78.321484,-78.321446,-78.321402,-78.321373,-78.321362,-78.321366,-78.321423,-78.321433,-78.321426,-78.321407,-78.321368,-78.321299,-78.321211,-78.321144,-78.321123,-78.320693,-78.320585,-78.320395,-78.320337,-78.320244,-78.32015,-78.320059,-78.31978,-78.31923,-78.318864,-78.318509,-78.31829,-78.318105,-78.317459,-78.317164,-78.316804,-78.316099,-78.315687,-78.315121,-78.314804,-78.314261,-78.313578,-78.313267,-78.31306,-78.312899,-78.312508,-78.312299,-78.311936,-78.311513,-78.310984,-78.310683,-78.309685,-78.309402,-78.308953,-78.308587,-78.308374,-78.308144,-78.307932,-78.30757,-78.307313,-78.30696,-78.306207,-78.305541,-78.30525,-78.305084,-78.304923,-78.304771,-78.304655,-78.304574,-78.304489,-78.304341,-78.303901,-78.303666,-78.303499,-78.303323,-78.303177,-78.303015,-78.302764,-78.302263,-78.300006,-78.299426,-78.299269,-78.299113,-78.298959,-78.298781,-78.297949,-78.296741,-78.295819,-78.295617,-78.295301,-78.294775,-78.294506,-78.294183,-78.293885,-78.293285,-78.293033,-78.292276,-78.291841,-78.291528,-78.291318,-78.29116,-78.290665,-78.289886,-78.289749,-78.289603,-78.289414,-78.289254,-78.288724,-78.287649,-78.287336,-78.286863,-78.286545,-78.286179,-78.285878,-78.285573,-78.285313,-78.284997,-78.283695,-78.283326,-78.283174,-78.282969,-78.282522,-78.281124,-78.280777,-78.280433,-78.280295,-78.280127,-78.279967,-78.27875,-78.278481,-78.276991,-78.275747,-78.274667,-78.273689,-78.27319,-78.272814,-78.272215,-78.272041,-78.271636,-78.271322,-78.270421,-78.268767,-78.268431,-78.268097,-78.267961,-78.267839,-78.267714,-78.267571,-78.267692,-78.267977,-78.268411,-78.268786,-78.26917,-78.269408,-78.269825,-78.270178,-78.270842,-78.27107,-78.271212,-78.271374,-78.271477,-78.271621,-78.271679,-78.27172,-78.27176,-78.271792,-78.271803,-78.271805,-78.27181,-78.271812,-78.271818,-78.27182,-78.271836,-78.271863,-78.271899,-78.271946,-78.27214,-78.272313,-78.272529,-78.272624,-78.272703,-78.272777,-78.272911,-78.272954,-78.272977,-78.273041,-78.273119,-78.273145,-78.273168,-78.273243,-78.273288,-78.273485,-78.27366,-78.273981,-78.274015,-78.274045,-78.274073,-78.27408,-78.274068,-78.274037,-78.273989,-78.273923,-78.273839,-78.273735,-78.27358,-78.273407,-78.27289,-78.272685,-78.272376,-78.272098,-78.272135,-78.272193,-78.272236,-78.272259,-78.272271,-78.272271,-78.272281,-78.27231,-78.272435,-78.272876,-78.273032,-78.273068,-78.273188,-78.273211,-78.273216,-78.273202,-78.273171,-78.273082,-78.272857,-78.272645,-78.273019,-78.274071,-78.275015,-78.277034,-78.27742,-78.277871,-78.27822,-78.278756,-78.279393,-78.280085,-78.280764,-78.281169,-78.28144,-78.28171,-78.281978,-78.282243,-78.282529,-78.282707,-78.283391,-78.28452,-78.285522,-78.286111,-78.286453,-78.286886,-78.288561,-78.289018,-78.28934,-78.289478,-78.289497,-78.289631,-78.289779,-78.290163,-78.290674,-78.291348,-78.291528,-78.29229,-78.292975,-78.293289,-78.293383,-78.293545,-78.293716,-78.293893,-78.294437,-78.2952,-78.295647,-78.295894,-78.296244,-78.296519,-78.29694,-78.297711,-78.297952,-78.298144,-78.298281,-78.29836,-78.298911,-78.299209,-78.299506,-78.299889,-78.300185,-78.300317,-78.300461,-78.300616,-78.300745,-78.30088,-78.301062,-78.301378,-78.302748,-78.303219,-78.304485,-78.306119,-78.306491,-78.307654,-78.30921,-78.310737,-78.310996,-78.31165,-78.312814,-78.313484,-78.313638,-78.31397,-78.314331,-78.314628,-78.315047,-78.316184,-78.318798,-78.320976,-78.321573,-78.3218,-78.322129,-78.322371,-78.3226,-78.32281,-78.322914,-78.323032,-78.323986,-78.324372,-78.324728,-78.325086,-78.325904,-78.326071,-78.326162,-78.326228,-78.326094,-78.325937,-78.32566,-78.325482,-78.325143,-78.324694,-78.324278,-78.324172,-78.324136,-78.324085,-78.324044,-78.324028,-78.324026,-78.324031,-78.323721,-78.323421,-78.323184,-78.322892,-78.32261,-78.32239,-78.322174,-78.321963,-78.321708,-78.321512,-78.32137,-78.321108,-78.320903,-78.320711,-78.320576,-78.320531,-78.320366,-78.320211,-78.320071,-78.319948,-78.319841,-78.319511,-78.3192,-78.318455,-78.318369,-78.31806,-78.317795,-78.317474,-78.317211,-78.316715,-78.316102,-78.315408,-78.314659,-78.314281,-78.314098,-78.31393,-78.31385,-78.313749,-78.313685,-78.313646,-78.313608,-78.313595,-78.313596,-78.313602,-78.31364,-78.313696,-78.313769,-78.313848,-78.313968,-78.314102,-78.314254,-78.314667,-78.315242,-78.315962,-78.316295,-78.316501,-78.316768,-78.31691,-78.317062,-78.317137,-78.317214,-78.317272,-78.317298,-78.31731,-78.317303,-78.317284,-78.317217,-78.317163,-78.317067,-78.316993,-78.316882,-78.316694,-78.316513,-78.316317,-78.315532,-78.313061,-78.312734,-78.311482,-78.311322,-78.311159,-78.311114,-78.311004,-78.310597,-78.310278,-78.309893,-78.309555,-78.309283,-78.308924,-78.308589,-78.308228,-78.307355,-78.305936,-78.305419,-78.305071,-78.30353,-78.302872,-78.302217,-78.301276,-78.30089,-78.300308,-78.299979,-78.299711,-78.299185,-78.299294,-78.299313,-78.299314,-78.299297,-78.299263,-78.299213,-78.298762,-78.298478,-78.298159,-78.297728,-78.295737,-78.294736,-78.29439,-78.29427,-78.294083,-78.293923,-78.293761,-78.293599,-78.293471,-78.293345,-78.292927,-78.292788,-78.292693,-78.292597,-78.292483,-78.292394,-78.292314,-78.292175,-78.291997,-78.291775,-78.291186,-78.290772,-78.290469,-78.290304,-78.290123,-78.289887,-78.289723,-78.289311,-78.289276,-78.28914,-78.28895,-78.288801,-78.288662,-78.288487,-78.288323,-78.28814,-78.287886,-78.287654,-78.287596,-78.287467,-78.287378,-78.287272,-78.287062,-78.28678,-78.286481,-78.286343,-78.286029,-78.285429,-78.285177,-78.284995,-78.284456,-78.284268,-78.284456,-78.28466,-78.284812,-78.28499,-78.285153,-78.285923,-78.286321,-78.28647,-78.28658,-78.286672,-78.286776,-78.286856,-78.287014,-78.287334,-78.287548,-78.287848,-78.288043,-78.288163,-78.288512,-78.288581,-78.288783,-78.288814,-78.289016,-78.289125,-78.289261,-78.289789,-78.289984,-78.290017,-78.290075,-78.290308,-78.290589,-78.290717,-78.290949,-78.291176,-78.291294,-78.291358,-78.291428,-78.291607,-78.291788,-78.291957,-78.292104,-78.29218,-78.292308,-78.29244,-78.292589,-78.292748,-78.29292,-78.293047,-78.293148,-78.293564,-78.295057,-78.295264,-78.295473,-78.295542,-78.295934,-78.296111,-78.296315,-78.296552,-78.296685,-78.296906,-78.297031,-78.297147,-78.297288,-78.29737,-78.29745,-78.297501,-78.297534,-78.297542,-78.297529,-78.297504,-78.297435,-78.297411,-78.297401,-78.297405,-78.297424,-78.297495,-78.297571,-78.297625,-78.297689,-78.297828,-78.297973,-78.298207,-78.299029,-78.299277,-78.299492,-78.300897,-78.300982,-78.301142,-78.301284,-78.301355,-78.301409,-78.301518,-78.301648,-78.301755,-78.301859,-78.301944,-78.301968,-78.301988,-78.302005,-78.302072,-78.302115,-78.302202,-78.302299,-78.302403,-78.302412,-78.302422,-78.302604,-78.303823,-78.30388,-78.304177,-78.304474,-78.30461,-78.304747,-78.305223,-78.305567,-78.306045,-78.306523,-78.306623,-78.307063,-78.308424,-78.310025,-78.310925,-78.312025,-78.312925,-78.314125,-78.315025,-78.315925,-78.316825,-78.317825,-78.319225,-78.320925,-78.321061,-78.321074,-78.321099,-78.321525,-78.321608,-78.322082,-78.322096,-78.32211,-78.322123,-78.32219,-78.323425,-78.324226,-78.3243,-78.324336,-78.324387,-78.324725,-78.32495,-78.326225,-78.326512,-78.32654,-78.326566,-78.327325,-78.328684,-78.328825,-78.328925,-78.329025,-78.329525,-78.330425,-78.330521,-78.33064,-78.330757,-78.331025,-78.331625,-78.331725,-78.332019,-78.332225,-78.332344,-78.332925,-78.333225,-78.333344,-78.334027,-78.334066,-78.334391,-78.334501,-78.334612,-78.33475,-78.334874,-78.335061,-78.335434,-78.335621,-78.33605,-78.336333,-78.336527,-78.336782,-78.337328,-78.33766,-78.337985,-78.338089,-78.338386,-78.338842,-78.339015,-78.33981,-78.339949,-78.340087,-78.340605,-78.34142,-78.341552,-78.34178,-78.342499,-78.342693,-78.343018,-78.343184,-78.343951,-78.344228,-78.344566,-78.344787,-78.344836,-78.345133,-78.34517,-78.345223,-78.345417,-78.345555,-78.345894,-78.346032,-78.346191,-78.3468,-78.346924,-78.347042,-78.347588,-78.347954,-78.348092,-78.348445,-78.348567,-78.348777,-78.348873,-78.34897,-78.349335,-78.349596,-78.350271,-78.350885,-78.351449,-78.351572,-78.352077,-78.352166,-78.352496,-78.353109,-78.35365,-78.353787,-78.353906,-78.354585,-78.354676,-78.355312,-78.355803,-78.355864,-78.35594,-78.355996,-78.356203,-78.356929,-78.357739,-78.357905,-78.358088,-78.358098,-78.358219,-78.358299,-78.358358,-78.35843,-78.358631,-78.35884,-78.359032,-78.359529,-78.359827,-78.360159,-78.360663,-78.360788,-78.361147,-78.361334,-78.361474,-78.361495,-78.361569,-78.361763,-78.361894,-78.362192,-78.362282,-78.362385,-78.362662,-78.362725,-78.362759,-78.362787,-78.36287,-78.363188,-78.363334,-78.363368,-78.363431,-78.363541,-78.363645,-78.363949,-78.363991,-78.364233,-78.364482,-78.364545,-78.364556,-78.364605,-78.364676,-78.364822,-78.364945,-78.365281,-78.36533,-78.365395,-78.365491,-78.365616,-78.365775,-78.366128,-78.366171,-78.366228,-78.366328,-78.366369,-78.367089,-78.367248,-78.367994,-78.368872,-78.36901,-78.369467,-78.369557,-78.36966,-78.369868,-78.370201,-78.370421,-78.370539,-78.370843,-78.371175,-78.371984,-78.372461,-78.372648,-78.37298,-78.373182,-78.3732,-78.373304,-78.37357,-78.373836,-78.373906,-78.374017,-78.374169,-78.374252,-78.374725,-78.375057,-78.375472,-78.37549,-78.375623,-78.375762,-78.376852,-78.376923,-78.377234,-78.377476,-78.377638,-78.377787,-78.378223,-78.378617,-78.37864,-78.378797,-78.378866,-78.378894,-78.378963,-78.379039,-78.379122,-78.379724,-78.379751,-78.380104,-78.380297,-78.381355,-78.381556,-78.381742,-78.38224,-78.383091,-78.383418,-78.383444,-78.383837,-78.384086,-78.384106,-78.384149,-78.384168,-78.38448,-78.385096,-78.385462,-78.386312,-78.386837,-78.386829,-78.38699,-78.387657,-78.387698,-78.387786,-78.387914,-78.388247,-78.388453,-78.388538,-78.388619,-78.388785,-78.388948,-78.389031,-78.389398,-78.389729,-78.389877,-78.390004,-78.390007,-78.390101,-78.390294,-78.390581,-78.390632,-78.390643,-78.391328,-78.391529,-78.391662,-78.391839,-78.391883,-78.391971,-78.392192,-78.392281,-78.39247,-78.392635,-78.392679,-78.392988,-78.393076,-78.39312,-78.393164,-78.393208,-78.393251,-78.393384,-78.393558,-78.393732,-78.393819,-78.393862,-78.394036,-78.394079,-78.394225,-78.39428,-78.394499,-78.394676,-78.395029,-78.395117,-78.395297,-78.395329,-78.395385,-78.395922,-78.396011,-78.3961,-78.396144,-78.396814,-78.396902,-78.396992,-78.397036,-78.397126,-78.397217,-78.397761,-78.398397,-78.398446,-78.39861,-78.398626,-78.398697,-78.399021,-78.399551,-78.399731,-78.399803,-78.399886,-78.400295,-78.400567,-78.400793,-78.401196,-78.401464,-78.402122,-78.402254,-78.402561,-78.402919,-78.40301,-78.403192,-78.403554,-78.403732,-78.403995,-78.404604,-78.405292,-78.405455,-78.405596,-78.405682,-78.405758,-78.405978,-78.406036,-78.4062,-78.40656,-78.406931,-78.407352,-78.407481,-78.407652,-78.407676,-78.407734,-78.407889,-78.407946,-78.408085,-78.408266,-78.408278,-78.408392,-78.408472,-78.408549,-78.408619,-78.408746,-78.40885,-78.408974,-78.409271,-78.409603,-78.409921,-78.410246,-78.411145,-78.411456,-78.41185,-78.412424,-78.412507,-78.412735,-78.41286,-78.412991,-78.413434,-78.414374,-78.414796,-78.416095,-78.416441,-78.416759,-78.417347,-78.4179,-78.41855,-78.418819,-78.419338,-78.419555,-78.419974,-78.420099,-78.420555,-78.420928,-78.420998,-78.42117,-78.422111,-78.422201,-78.422339,-78.423072,-78.424254,-78.424579,-78.424665,-78.424826,-78.42489,-78.425741,-78.427552,-78.42805,-78.429488,-78.429654,-78.429861,-78.429894,-78.430103,-78.43077,-78.430899,-78.431659,-78.433768,-78.434273,-78.4349,-78.435193,-78.435656,-78.435801,-78.436092,-78.436327,-78.436861,-78.436885,-78.436956,-78.437101,-78.437398,-78.437723,-78.438014,-78.43818,-78.438429,-78.438498,-78.438648,-78.43883,-78.438966,-78.438984,-78.439093,-78.439307,-78.439466,-78.439528,-78.439549,-78.439542,-78.439487,-78.439203,-78.439093,-78.439086,-78.439155,-78.439231,-78.440068,-78.440136,-78.440245,-78.440434,-78.440994,-78.441368,-78.441928,-78.442288,-78.442599,-78.442862,-78.44313,-78.443283,-78.443505,-78.443733,-78.44377,-78.443786,-78.443837,-78.443836,-78.444106,-78.444202,-78.44432,-78.444811,-78.445074,-78.445337,-78.445648,-78.445834,-78.446339,-78.446485,-78.446713,-78.447252,-78.44757,-78.447854,-78.447909,-78.448317,-78.448691,-78.448729,-78.44903,-78.449182,-78.44987,-78.450274,-78.450363,-78.450887,-78.451308,-78.451728,-78.45228,-78.453016,-78.453792,-78.454772,-78.455752,-78.456866,-78.457972,-78.458821,-78.459812,-78.460201,-78.460919,-78.461544,-78.462199,-78.462225,-78.462238,-78.46247,-78.462946,-78.463499,-78.464149,-78.464947,-78.465176,-78.465779,-78.465936,-78.466641,-78.467063,-78.4677,-78.467795,-78.467806,-78.468742,-78.469008,-78.469212,-78.469415,-78.46943,-78.469587,-78.470155,-78.470589,-78.470597,-78.47065,-78.470751,-78.471028,-78.471644,-78.472339,-78.473313,-78.473728,-78.474082,-78.474253,-78.474577,-78.475001,-78.475799,-78.476609,-78.477345,-78.477904,-78.478597,-78.479955,-78.480593,-78.480656,-78.480818,-78.480871,-78.481194,-78.481262,-78.481287,-78.481329,-78.481681,-78.482268,-78.482555,-78.482872,-78.482897,-78.483019,-78.483335,-78.483732,-78.484161,-78.484576,-78.484687,-78.485228,-78.485718,-78.485817,-78.486435,-78.486707,-78.487031,-78.48789,-78.488687,-78.489105,-78.489412,-78.490135,-78.491027,-78.491345],"lat":[37.796956,37.797588,37.797935,37.798417,37.799836,37.799927,37.800099,37.800674,37.800735,37.80083,37.804676,37.808521,37.809004,37.813564,37.817097,37.81764,37.821873,37.822604,37.823377,37.823414,37.823454,37.823688,37.830705,37.830936,37.831088,37.831748,37.832005,37.832418,37.835798,37.837186,37.837774,37.837857,37.838144,37.841546,37.8443,37.847045,37.847246,37.848087,37.848398,37.854378,37.854742,37.85571,37.855948,37.855964,37.856038,37.8571,37.86233,37.864285,37.871066,37.871422,37.871949,37.873857,37.874335,37.87707,37.877186,37.877908,37.882399,37.884088,37.884341,37.885085,37.88518,37.885372,37.885959,37.887753,37.889004,37.891109,37.89273,37.896916,37.897301,37.897752,37.898173,37.898902,37.900089,37.90299,37.903441,37.904159,37.904673,37.913294,37.913919,37.91472,37.914995,37.916369,37.916628,37.918873,37.920644,37.920724,37.920797,37.923141,37.923265,37.923405,37.924596,37.92504,37.930582,37.931437,37.932901,37.937175,37.937318,37.938288,37.93806,37.938012,37.937668,37.936839,37.936572,37.935613,37.935022,37.934649,37.934201,37.933701,37.933672,37.932872,37.932479,37.932185,37.931988,37.931823,37.931464,37.931015,37.929297,37.928874,37.928774,37.928652,37.928487,37.927978,37.927838,37.927684,37.927501,37.927362,37.926139,37.925952,37.925315,37.925022,37.924818,37.924685,37.924521,37.924348,37.924184,37.92409,37.92392,37.923789,37.92367,37.923571,37.923455,37.923257,37.923024,37.922717,37.922606,37.922485,37.922378,37.922266,37.922155,37.922036,37.921883,37.921753,37.921643,37.921457,37.921358,37.921247,37.921044,37.920876,37.919851,37.919707,37.919509,37.919316,37.918995,37.918692,37.918469,37.917836,37.916223,37.915584,37.914437,37.914017,37.913801,37.913631,37.913453,37.913233,37.912968,37.912776,37.912544,37.912346,37.912149,37.911881,37.911665,37.91143,37.910585,37.910272,37.910121,37.909898,37.909598,37.909498,37.909297,37.909139,37.908912,37.9088,37.908513,37.908157,37.907592,37.907274,37.906924,37.906889,37.906599,37.906432,37.906167,37.90574,37.905442,37.905017,37.904461,37.904254,37.904211,37.904014,37.903766,37.903588,37.903188,37.903077,37.90279,37.902589,37.902442,37.902174,37.901909,37.901351,37.901093,37.900591,37.900473,37.900313,37.900006,37.89947,37.899265,37.899143,37.899006,37.898899,37.898804,37.898678,37.898657,37.898613,37.898345,37.898222,37.898114,37.898034,37.897954,37.897734,37.897627,37.897533,37.897435,37.897273,37.8972,37.896994,37.896732,37.896625,37.896424,37.896258,37.896064,37.895842,37.895448,37.89517,37.894994,37.89481,37.894714,37.894657,37.894529,37.894311,37.894137,37.894004,37.893738,37.893532,37.892353,37.891947,37.891586,37.891237,37.890967,37.890842,37.890718,37.890416,37.890181,37.889994,37.889814,37.889703,37.889456,37.889172,37.888927,37.888723,37.88833,37.887552,37.886414,37.886221,37.885973,37.885796,37.884904,37.884487,37.884399,37.88433,37.884199,37.884079,37.883914,37.883628,37.883294,37.882768,37.882674,37.882444,37.881787,37.880744,37.879931,37.879819,37.879618,37.879448,37.879234,37.878967,37.878803,37.878615,37.878348,37.878066,37.877784,37.877477,37.876786,37.876537,37.876392,37.876227,37.876036,37.875819,37.875606,37.875471,37.875432,37.874701,37.874509,37.874138,37.874048,37.873934,37.873844,37.873773,37.873592,37.873251,37.873013,37.872801,37.872688,37.872607,37.872352,37.872215,37.872031,37.871615,37.871384,37.871082,37.870921,37.870646,37.870282,37.870112,37.870016,37.869952,37.869829,37.86977,37.86967,37.869563,37.869446,37.869386,37.869188,37.869135,37.869059,37.869009,37.868987,37.868974,37.86897,37.868984,37.869003,37.869037,37.869121,37.869183,37.869219,37.869257,37.869309,37.869374,37.869435,37.869485,37.869547,37.86965,37.869947,37.870092,37.870177,37.87025,37.870299,37.870342,37.870387,37.870449,37.870708,37.870764,37.870766,37.870753,37.870727,37.870677,37.87037,37.869918,37.869574,37.869505,37.869413,37.869275,37.869201,37.869105,37.868997,37.868749,37.868654,37.868393,37.868228,37.868092,37.86798,37.867884,37.867541,37.866955,37.866858,37.866768,37.866669,37.866598,37.866404,37.866043,37.865935,37.865763,37.865631,37.86546,37.865332,37.865218,37.86513,37.865029,37.864643,37.864537,37.864497,37.864454,37.864381,37.8642,37.86416,37.864105,37.864073,37.864021,37.863957,37.863363,37.863232,37.862497,37.861897,37.861365,37.860868,37.860605,37.860388,37.860015,37.859908,37.859636,37.859414,37.858746,37.857502,37.857218,37.85696,37.856835,37.856685,37.856494,37.856259,37.856205,37.85607,37.855817,37.855569,37.855303,37.855061,37.854562,37.854042,37.853074,37.852741,37.852517,37.852231,37.852013,37.851632,37.851439,37.85126,37.850999,37.850671,37.850378,37.850056,37.849425,37.849301,37.849097,37.849044,37.848382,37.847863,37.847457,37.847108,37.84585,37.844753,37.843326,37.84276,37.842232,37.84175,37.840882,37.84061,37.840462,37.840061,37.839566,37.839409,37.839265,37.838797,37.83852,37.837246,37.836122,37.83404,37.833819,37.833603,37.833278,37.833026,37.832743,37.832461,37.832185,37.831915,37.831648,37.831389,37.83105,37.830716,37.829739,37.829353,37.828785,37.82827,37.82824,37.828178,37.828109,37.82805,37.827989,37.827853,37.827705,37.827559,37.82712,37.825838,37.825396,37.82529,37.824864,37.824719,37.824572,37.824425,37.82428,37.824021,37.823454,37.822958,37.823015,37.823212,37.823386,37.823761,37.823832,37.823898,37.823932,37.823967,37.823998,37.824001,37.824005,37.824009,37.824006,37.823988,37.823955,37.823908,37.82384,37.823788,37.823553,37.823146,37.822797,37.822622,37.822535,37.822438,37.822081,37.821975,37.82189,37.821846,37.821839,37.821788,37.821721,37.821521,37.821238,37.820842,37.820742,37.820322,37.819944,37.819771,37.819725,37.819659,37.819606,37.819568,37.819497,37.819394,37.819324,37.819276,37.819196,37.819122,37.818983,37.818707,37.818606,37.818508,37.818426,37.818375,37.81797,37.817737,37.817493,37.817159,37.816886,37.816784,37.816693,37.816613,37.816558,37.816511,37.81646,37.816371,37.816,37.815866,37.815523,37.815066,37.814969,37.814655,37.814228,37.813813,37.813739,37.813564,37.813242,37.813067,37.813026,37.81293,37.812808,37.81269,37.812503,37.812,37.81085,37.809898,37.80962,37.809499,37.809308,37.809148,37.808978,37.808802,37.808702,37.808589,37.807544,37.807098,37.806668,37.806221,37.805255,37.805032,37.804903,37.804833,37.804792,37.80476,37.804728,37.804693,37.804595,37.804443,37.804273,37.804221,37.804197,37.80415,37.804083,37.804022,37.803985,37.803843,37.803809,37.803762,37.803714,37.803642,37.803553,37.803473,37.803386,37.80329,37.803159,37.803047,37.802959,37.802774,37.80261,37.802436,37.802299,37.802253,37.802062,37.80186,37.80165,37.801434,37.801212,37.80037,37.799538,37.797596,37.79739,37.796732,37.796232,37.795684,37.795247,37.794431,37.793417,37.792239,37.791012,37.790369,37.790029,37.789677,37.789486,37.789164,37.788891,37.788672,37.788359,37.788112,37.788092,37.787865,37.787438,37.787146,37.786857,37.786605,37.786308,37.786033,37.785763,37.785112,37.784241,37.783135,37.782631,37.782311,37.781893,37.781664,37.781365,37.781195,37.780964,37.780731,37.780539,37.780297,37.780056,37.779881,37.779585,37.779408,37.779174,37.779028,37.778847,37.778579,37.778354,37.778138,37.777335,37.774817,37.774474,37.773206,37.773055,37.7729,37.772862,37.772768,37.772433,37.772195,37.771939,37.771736,37.771585,37.771411,37.771254,37.771097,37.770759,37.770232,37.77004,37.76991,37.769336,37.769093,37.768846,37.768499,37.768356,37.768125,37.767976,37.767843,37.767571,37.76742,37.767365,37.767307,37.767251,37.7672,37.767158,37.766882,37.766719,37.766557,37.766352,37.765424,37.764957,37.764815,37.764776,37.764734,37.764713,37.764706,37.764714,37.764729,37.764754,37.764879,37.764919,37.764934,37.764935,37.764917,37.764887,37.764845,37.764732,37.764579,37.764389,37.763869,37.763471,37.763163,37.76297,37.762733,37.762448,37.762234,37.761647,37.761587,37.761325,37.760843,37.760419,37.760001,37.759542,37.759136,37.758772,37.758339,37.758012,37.757941,37.757786,37.757695,37.757596,37.757413,37.757189,37.756944,37.756819,37.756527,37.755932,37.755678,37.755495,37.754947,37.754725,37.754612,37.754471,37.754352,37.754194,37.754026,37.75308,37.752586,37.75237,37.752182,37.751989,37.751711,37.751443,37.750824,37.74952,37.748671,37.747448,37.746807,37.746452,37.745519,37.745364,37.744947,37.744885,37.744542,37.744362,37.744155,37.743357,37.743063,37.743013,37.742926,37.742571,37.742142,37.741942,37.741535,37.741064,37.740799,37.740632,37.740387,37.739646,37.738858,37.738167,37.737612,37.737382,37.737062,37.736782,37.736508,37.736248,37.736011,37.735858,37.735747,37.735317,37.733944,37.733754,37.733537,37.733459,37.733012,37.732785,37.732494,37.732119,37.731891,37.731455,37.73116,37.730866,37.730417,37.730109,37.729722,37.729377,37.72893,37.728667,37.728245,37.727905,37.727262,37.7269,37.726554,37.726383,37.726176,37.725705,37.725347,37.725147,37.724949,37.724584,37.724255,37.723745,37.722006,37.721549,37.721173,37.718806,37.718663,37.718361,37.718053,37.717838,37.717619,37.716928,37.715985,37.715247,37.714457,37.713852,37.713682,37.713546,37.713432,37.712968,37.712676,37.712042,37.711349,37.710602,37.710532,37.710463,37.710445,37.710143,37.710131,37.710067,37.710003,37.709974,37.709945,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709892,37.710043,37.710443,37.710743,37.711043,37.711343,37.711843,37.712143,37.712343,37.712743,37.713043,37.713443,37.713943,37.713966,37.713968,37.713972,37.714043,37.71406,37.71416,37.714163,37.714166,37.714169,37.714183,37.714443,37.714565,37.714577,37.714582,37.71459,37.714643,37.714703,37.715043,37.715069,37.715072,37.715074,37.715143,37.715596,37.715643,37.715643,37.715643,37.715743,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715643,37.715643,37.715584,37.715543,37.715543,37.715543,37.715643,37.715643,37.715787,37.715795,37.715866,37.715916,37.715948,37.715976,37.715987,37.715981,37.716064,37.716086,37.716157,37.716245,37.716338,37.716431,37.716607,37.7167,37.716821,37.71687,37.717074,37.717299,37.717364,37.717727,37.717782,37.717825,37.717952,37.718197,37.718237,37.718325,37.718506,37.718539,37.718638,37.718676,37.718808,37.718846,37.718939,37.719054,37.719093,37.719433,37.719464,37.71951,37.719598,37.719691,37.719977,37.72007,37.720163,37.720476,37.720525,37.720586,37.720663,37.720739,37.720756,37.720712,37.720708,37.720701,37.720717,37.720756,37.720998,37.721046,37.721314,37.721559,37.721903,37.721978,37.722462,37.722547,37.722701,37.722987,37.723239,37.723303,37.723402,37.723965,37.724041,37.724786,37.725178,37.725179,37.725196,37.725223,37.72541,37.725942,37.726716,37.726848,37.726962,37.726968,37.727031,37.727073,37.7271,37.727133,37.727204,37.72727,37.727331,37.727418,37.727484,37.727572,37.727731,37.727786,37.727923,37.728022,37.728113,37.728127,37.728175,37.728323,37.72845,37.728691,37.728779,37.728927,37.729273,37.729416,37.729548,37.7298,37.730031,37.730393,37.730637,37.730695,37.730777,37.730892,37.730975,37.731156,37.731194,37.731353,37.731474,37.731495,37.731499,37.731515,37.731538,37.731587,37.731628,37.731783,37.731806,37.731836,37.731869,37.731897,37.731918,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731948,37.731989,37.731984,37.731912,37.73178,37.731769,37.731796,37.731812,37.731856,37.731972,37.732044,37.732092,37.732131,37.732268,37.732372,37.732569,37.73264,37.732679,37.732777,37.732851,37.732858,37.732896,37.732994,37.733092,37.733117,37.733183,37.733287,37.733326,37.733371,37.733454,37.733583,37.733589,37.733631,37.733674,37.733921,37.733938,37.733999,37.734032,37.734046,37.734059,37.734054,37.734021,37.734008,37.733917,37.733901,37.733906,37.733956,37.733978,37.733967,37.733797,37.733794,37.733748,37.733737,37.733743,37.733754,37.733743,37.733688,37.733667,37.733614,37.73361,37.733546,37.733558,37.733561,37.733569,37.733574,37.733651,37.733746,37.733783,37.733822,37.733884,37.733929,37.733951,37.734028,37.73404,37.734056,37.734089,37.734196,37.734267,37.73429,37.73432,37.734373,37.734432,37.734458,37.734589,37.734696,37.734748,37.734793,37.734719,37.734741,37.734785,37.734835,37.734844,37.734883,37.734994,37.735027,37.735037,37.735029,37.735034,37.735028,37.735026,37.73503,37.735027,37.735025,37.735021,37.735013,37.735006,37.73501,37.735009,37.735002,37.735008,37.735003,37.734987,37.734988,37.734978,37.734983,37.734966,37.734971,37.73496,37.734962,37.734945,37.734943,37.734929,37.734922,37.734921,37.734919,37.734916,37.734902,37.734894,37.734893,37.734889,37.734872,37.734863,37.734863,37.734859,37.734859,37.734864,37.734915,37.734954,37.734955,37.734958,37.734959,37.734963,37.734981,37.734999,37.735005,37.735007,37.73501,37.73502,37.735017,37.735008,37.73497,37.734933,37.734799,37.734777,37.734717,37.734673,37.734668,37.734678,37.734708,37.734736,37.734786,37.734922,37.735109,37.735173,37.735263,37.735345,37.73543,37.735734,37.735788,37.73591,37.736152,37.736402,37.73668,37.736779,37.736942,37.736971,37.737023,37.737195,37.737247,37.737428,37.737713,37.737747,37.737977,37.738105,37.73818,37.738176,37.738191,37.738235,37.738273,37.738339,37.738394,37.738433,37.738449,37.738433,37.738439,37.738466,37.738543,37.738543,37.738505,37.738505,37.738527,37.738675,37.738972,37.73906,37.739362,37.73945,37.739544,37.739742,37.739912,37.740082,37.74011,37.740115,37.740102,37.740077,37.740083,37.740138,37.740198,37.740209,37.740237,37.740451,37.740478,37.740533,37.740874,37.741324,37.741462,37.741503,37.741579,37.74161,37.742044,37.742791,37.743038,37.743791,37.743864,37.743955,37.743969,37.744061,37.744354,37.744411,37.744735,37.745587,37.745823,37.746164,37.746323,37.746608,37.746718,37.746993,37.74724,37.747916,37.747946,37.748036,37.74819,37.748448,37.748689,37.748876,37.748964,37.749057,37.749079,37.749126,37.749184,37.749218,37.749223,37.74925,37.749283,37.749299,37.749283,37.749233,37.749184,37.749145,37.74903,37.748964,37.748915,37.748904,37.748904,37.749046,37.749059,37.749081,37.749118,37.749266,37.749343,37.749349,37.749398,37.749491,37.74959,37.749695,37.749755,37.749859,37.749996,37.750041,37.75006,37.750123,37.750143,37.750354,37.750429,37.7505,37.750769,37.750873,37.75095,37.751022,37.751044,37.751164,37.751208,37.751296,37.751538,37.751609,37.751626,37.751642,37.751895,37.752098,37.752116,37.752785,37.752899,37.753419,37.753767,37.753844,37.75426,37.75462,37.754908,37.75513,37.755383,37.755596,37.755928,37.756172,37.7566,37.757125,37.757393,37.757726,37.7579,37.75838,37.758787,37.759122,37.759134,37.75914,37.759243,37.759455,37.759782,37.7602,37.760846,37.761017,37.761486,37.761619,37.762197,37.762552,37.763129,37.763239,37.763251,37.764276,37.764568,37.764783,37.764998,37.765016,37.765206,37.765889,37.766511,37.766522,37.766596,37.766741,37.767137,37.768019,37.769014,37.770509,37.771168,37.771859,37.772536,37.773277,37.773871,37.775118,37.776445,37.777602,37.778438,37.779737,37.782282,37.783528,37.783649,37.784048,37.784177,37.784946,37.785129,37.785196,37.78531,37.786258,37.78761,37.788689,37.789688,37.789757,37.790083,37.790944,37.791846,37.792796,37.793422,37.793582,37.794354,37.794968,37.795093,37.795726,37.795905,37.796117,37.796442,37.796695,37.796758,37.796805,37.796886,37.796938,37.796956]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.326162,-78.326071,-78.325904,-78.325086,-78.324728,-78.324372,-78.323986,-78.323032,-78.322914,-78.32281,-78.3226,-78.322371,-78.322129,-78.3218,-78.321573,-78.320976,-78.318798,-78.316184,-78.315047,-78.314628,-78.314331,-78.31397,-78.313638,-78.313484,-78.312814,-78.31165,-78.310996,-78.310737,-78.30921,-78.307654,-78.306491,-78.306119,-78.304485,-78.303219,-78.302748,-78.301378,-78.301062,-78.30088,-78.300745,-78.300616,-78.300461,-78.300317,-78.300185,-78.299889,-78.299506,-78.299209,-78.298911,-78.29836,-78.298281,-78.298144,-78.297952,-78.297711,-78.29694,-78.296519,-78.296244,-78.295894,-78.295647,-78.2952,-78.294437,-78.293893,-78.293716,-78.293545,-78.293383,-78.293289,-78.292975,-78.29229,-78.291528,-78.291348,-78.290674,-78.290163,-78.289779,-78.289631,-78.289497,-78.289478,-78.28934,-78.289018,-78.288561,-78.286886,-78.286453,-78.286111,-78.285522,-78.28452,-78.283391,-78.282707,-78.282529,-78.282243,-78.281978,-78.28171,-78.28144,-78.281169,-78.280764,-78.280085,-78.279393,-78.278756,-78.27822,-78.277871,-78.27742,-78.277034,-78.275015,-78.274071,-78.273019,-78.272645,-78.272857,-78.273082,-78.273171,-78.273202,-78.273216,-78.273211,-78.273188,-78.273068,-78.273032,-78.272876,-78.272435,-78.27231,-78.272281,-78.272271,-78.272271,-78.272259,-78.272236,-78.272193,-78.272135,-78.272098,-78.272376,-78.272685,-78.27289,-78.273407,-78.27358,-78.273735,-78.273839,-78.273923,-78.273989,-78.274037,-78.274068,-78.27408,-78.274073,-78.274045,-78.274015,-78.273981,-78.27366,-78.273485,-78.273288,-78.273243,-78.273168,-78.273145,-78.273119,-78.273041,-78.272977,-78.272954,-78.272911,-78.272777,-78.272703,-78.272624,-78.272529,-78.272313,-78.27214,-78.271946,-78.271899,-78.271863,-78.271836,-78.27182,-78.271818,-78.271812,-78.27181,-78.271805,-78.271803,-78.271792,-78.27176,-78.27172,-78.271679,-78.271621,-78.271477,-78.271374,-78.271212,-78.27107,-78.270842,-78.270178,-78.269825,-78.269408,-78.26917,-78.268786,-78.268411,-78.267977,-78.267692,-78.267571,-78.266766,-78.266005,-78.265782,-78.265578,-78.265019,-78.264925,-78.264835,-78.264749,-78.264651,-78.264524,-78.264423,-78.264374,-78.264332,-78.26427,-78.264249,-78.264242,-78.264225,-78.264187,-78.264159,-78.264132,-78.2641,-78.264079,-78.264048,-78.263971,-78.263797,-78.263652,-78.263626,-78.263589,-78.263569,-78.263562,-78.263544,-78.263495,-78.263478,-78.263454,-78.263397,-78.263313,-78.263203,-78.263102,-78.262872,-78.261882,-78.261663,-78.261541,-78.261419,-78.260851,-78.260571,-78.260474,-78.260412,-78.260375,-78.260343,-78.260329,-78.260333,-78.260355,-78.260404,-78.260451,-78.260501,-78.260598,-78.260706,-78.261707,-78.262259,-78.262539,-78.26269,-78.262797,-78.262851,-78.262925,-78.262981,-78.263004,-78.263014,-78.263011,-78.262987,-78.262943,-78.262852,-78.262733,-78.26235,-78.262318,-78.2623,-78.262263,-78.262254,-78.26226,-78.262268,-78.262299,-78.262395,-78.262546,-78.262968,-78.26305,-78.263084,-78.263112,-78.263123,-78.26312,-78.263099,-78.263059,-78.262972,-78.262885,-78.262779,-78.262133,-78.261497,-78.261246,-78.261006,-78.260897,-78.260687,-78.260525,-78.260348,-78.260273,-78.259695,-78.259461,-78.259013,-78.258139,-78.257954,-78.257609,-78.257485,-78.257304,-78.257139,-78.256991,-78.256887,-78.256814,-78.25671,-78.256639,-78.256571,-78.256504,-78.256441,-78.25642,-78.256418,-78.256436,-78.256481,-78.256524,-78.256545,-78.256651,-78.256367,-78.255991,-78.255663,-78.255319,-78.255143,-78.254814,-78.254569,-78.254317,-78.254059,-78.253874,-78.253739,-78.253604,-78.253497,-78.253393,-78.253268,-78.253174,-78.252991,-78.252845,-78.252625,-78.252309,-78.252076,-78.252058,-78.251535,-78.25136,-78.251294,-78.251227,-78.251115,-78.250968,-78.250817,-78.250662,-78.250275,-78.250093,-78.249914,-78.24974,-78.249574,-78.249039,-78.248769,-78.248229,-78.247602,-78.247288,-78.247104,-78.246952,-78.246889,-78.246871,-78.246805,-78.246761,-78.246689,-78.246225,-78.245929,-78.245762,-78.245579,-78.245416,-78.245068,-78.244539,-78.243857,-78.242977,-78.242634,-78.242406,-78.242237,-78.242058,-78.241869,-78.241674,-78.240183,-78.240044,-78.239927,-78.239838,-78.239762,-78.239676,-78.239617,-78.239322,-78.238069,-78.237992,-78.23783,-78.237035,-78.236633,-78.236547,-78.236401,-78.235961,-78.235793,-78.235344,-78.235225,-78.235107,-78.235016,-78.234917,-78.234892,-78.234722,-78.234546,-78.234451,-78.234057,-78.233706,-78.233477,-78.232441,-78.232181,-78.231978,-78.231684,-78.231264,-78.230866,-78.230256,-78.229528,-78.229141,-78.228933,-78.228716,-78.228494,-78.22822,-78.228014,-78.22791,-78.227833,-78.227155,-78.226167,-78.225431,-78.224587,-78.224212,-78.223319,-78.223156,-78.222928,-78.222276,-78.220657,-78.220289,-78.220052,-78.219751,-78.219386,-78.21869,-78.217604,-78.217256,-78.216998,-78.216647,-78.216368,-78.215997,-78.215537,-78.215346,-78.215154,-78.214538,-78.21434,-78.213784,-78.2131,-78.212728,-78.212257,-78.21118,-78.210997,-78.210029,-78.20957,-78.209167,-78.208868,-78.208633,-78.208587,-78.208094,-78.207569,-78.207194,-78.207102,-78.20688,-78.206675,-78.20651,-78.206387,-78.206247,-78.205727,-78.205403,-78.205129,-78.204931,-78.204771,-78.20462,-78.204419,-78.204242,-78.204011,-78.203779,-78.203332,-78.202666,-78.202327,-78.202116,-78.201913,-78.2018,-78.201623,-78.201459,-78.201281,-78.201045,-78.200916,-78.200803,-78.200748,-78.200693,-78.200674,-78.200496,-78.200306,-78.200171,-78.199789,-78.199761,-78.199734,-78.19969,-78.199673,-78.199669,-78.199677,-78.199695,-78.199709,-78.199735,-78.199795,-78.199876,-78.20028,-78.200365,-78.200432,-78.20045,-78.200475,-78.200498,-78.200495,-78.200482,-78.200459,-78.200388,-78.200082,-78.199918,-78.199834,-78.199715,-78.199081,-78.199048,-78.19862,-78.198035,-78.197803,-78.197594,-78.197351,-78.197076,-78.196713,-78.196504,-78.196311,-78.196004,-78.195819,-78.195648,-78.195407,-78.195133,-78.195026,-78.194965,-78.194929,-78.1949,-78.194873,-78.194763,-78.194735,-78.194692,-78.194631,-78.194582,-78.194483,-78.194367,-78.19428,-78.193755,-78.193515,-78.193326,-78.193198,-78.19308,-78.192843,-78.192523,-78.192344,-78.192122,-78.192007,-78.191963,-78.191959,-78.191973,-78.192006,-78.192059,-78.192125,-78.192387,-78.192595,-78.192796,-78.192945,-78.193122,-78.193378,-78.193465,-78.193619,-78.193784,-78.194008,-78.194207,-78.194995,-78.195231,-78.195412,-78.195515,-78.195606,-78.195655,-78.195959,-78.195818,-78.193025,-78.192125,-78.190165,-78.188321,-78.181078,-78.180982,-78.180617,-78.177257,-78.174298,-78.174198,-78.174134,-78.174106,-78.174087,-78.174004,-78.17397,-78.173955,-78.173929,-78.173359,-78.173264,-78.173243,-78.170807,-78.16858,-78.166836,-78.16657,-78.165588,-78.162657,-78.16243,-78.159836,-78.155264,-78.154757,-78.154737,-78.153827,-78.153585,-78.152524,-78.151779,-78.150224,-78.149501,-78.148628,-78.148024,-78.146023,-78.144023,-78.143291,-78.142123,-78.14004,-78.140024,-78.139923,-78.137623,-78.135724,-78.133923,-78.132318,-78.132123,-78.130922,-78.129923,-78.128523,-78.127224,-78.125923,-78.125142,-78.125124,-78.124766,-78.124745,-78.124724,-78.124724,-78.124723,-78.124268,-78.124243,-78.117595,-78.116722,-78.116571,-78.116543,-78.116516,-78.116503,-78.116296,-78.11545,-78.110651,-78.107539,-78.106552,-78.106471,-78.101565,-78.095769,-78.095749,-78.09571,-78.094486,-78.093108,-78.092261,-78.092208,-78.091778,-78.091655,-78.091245,-78.082824,-78.082812,-78.080733,-78.079932,-78.077212,-78.076074,-78.075747,-78.074901,-78.074884,-78.074617,-78.073718,-78.072844,-78.072086,-78.071997,-78.071472,-78.071159,-78.068628,-78.064969,-78.064798,-78.064773,-78.064727,-78.064307,-78.063742,-78.06331,-78.062481,-78.063897,-78.063927,-78.063967,-78.064474,-78.067172,-78.067315,-78.070254,-78.070678,-78.070703,-78.070912,-78.07317,-78.07555,-78.075571,-78.078355,-78.079709,-78.079725,-78.079744,-78.08089,-78.082232,-78.083302,-78.083803,-78.084204,-78.087474,-78.087577,-78.088959,-78.091648,-78.093019,-78.093108,-78.09461,-78.097664,-78.097706,-78.098835,-78.099835,-78.099924,-78.102241,-78.102951,-78.102973,-78.103193,-78.104359,-78.10581,-78.107482,-78.107897,-78.108695,-78.110305,-78.110325,-78.110876,-78.110894,-78.11194,-78.112248,-78.112972,-78.112998,-78.113153,-78.116407,-78.116545,-78.117024,-78.118061,-78.119071,-78.119084,-78.120553,-78.12058,-78.120598,-78.120906,-78.124836,-78.125585,-78.127243,-78.128286,-78.129707,-78.129768,-78.13099,-78.131002,-78.131096,-78.131977,-78.132085,-78.132145,-78.132175,-78.13546,-78.135522,-78.135558,-78.135593,-78.136921,-78.136969,-78.137005,-78.139257,-78.139396,-78.140426,-78.14045,-78.140612,-78.140758,-78.141472,-78.147714,-78.15302,-78.153032,-78.153786,-78.154463,-78.155508,-78.155936,-78.156322,-78.156542,-78.157323,-78.157491,-78.157655,-78.15766,-78.157859,-78.157873,-78.157888,-78.158021,-78.158057,-78.15811,-78.158222,-78.158225,-78.158249,-78.158284,-78.158609,-78.158666,-78.158725,-78.158732,-78.158746,-78.158775,-78.158851,-78.158872,-78.158885,-78.15905,-78.159115,-78.159189,-78.159326,-78.15946,-78.159541,-78.159626,-78.159769,-78.160115,-78.160868,-78.161152,-78.16185,-78.162426,-78.162514,-78.16268,-78.163288,-78.163696,-78.163851,-78.16398,-78.164305,-78.164837,-78.166006,-78.166868,-78.166932,-78.167306,-78.16752,-78.168128,-78.168695,-78.171211,-78.171734,-78.171842,-78.173052,-78.173799,-78.174103,-78.174587,-78.174753,-78.175548,-78.175714,-78.176392,-78.177491,-78.178023,-78.178846,-78.179337,-78.180188,-78.180471,-78.18099,-78.181349,-78.181847,-78.182179,-78.183465,-78.184205,-78.184551,-78.184987,-78.185498,-78.185706,-78.186051,-78.186162,-78.186287,-78.186777,-78.187407,-78.187642,-78.188064,-78.18843,-78.189087,-78.189211,-78.189737,-78.190186,-78.190352,-78.191216,-78.191506,-78.192186,-78.192246,-78.19244,-78.192696,-78.194576,-78.195606,-78.197196,-78.197749,-78.198634,-78.199436,-78.200714,-78.201212,-78.202394,-78.202836,-78.20303,-78.203417,-78.203797,-78.204889,-78.206202,-78.207391,-78.207951,-78.208974,-78.211331,-78.212374,-78.212471,-78.212623,-78.212879,-78.213162,-78.2133,-78.214116,-78.214544,-78.215201,-78.215546,-78.216216,-78.216534,-78.217218,-78.217695,-78.218656,-78.219644,-78.220521,-78.22104,-78.221572,-78.222117,-78.222279,-78.222573,-78.222767,-78.223022,-78.223299,-78.223623,-78.224024,-78.224549,-78.224756,-78.225094,-78.225205,-78.225302,-78.225391,-78.22546,-78.225536,-78.225708,-78.22575,-78.225991,-78.226233,-78.226274,-78.226329,-78.226377,-78.226398,-78.226425,-78.226653,-78.226681,-78.226694,-78.226818,-78.226894,-78.22697,-78.227114,-78.227149,-78.227245,-78.227597,-78.227901,-78.228005,-78.228122,-78.228218,-78.22846,-78.228605,-78.228778,-78.228936,-78.229351,-78.229586,-78.2302,-78.230988,-78.231685,-78.232576,-78.233301,-78.233536,-78.234144,-78.234491,-78.234537,-78.234717,-78.234952,-78.235339,-78.235739,-78.236561,-78.237038,-78.237494,-78.237839,-78.238606,-78.239352,-78.239635,-78.239748,-78.239722,-78.239722,-78.23992,-78.240162,-78.240415,-78.24091,-78.240996,-78.241327,-78.24148,-78.241929,-78.242267,-78.242862,-78.243856,-78.244298,-78.24444,-78.24449,-78.244914,-78.245045,-78.245411,-78.245703,-78.245715,-78.246199,-78.247221,-78.248207,-78.248823,-78.249723,-78.250423,-78.251623,-78.252454,-78.252823,-78.252978,-78.253075,-78.253105,-78.253121,-78.254423,-78.255297,-78.255538,-78.255672,-78.2558,-78.256123,-78.257123,-78.257434,-78.257477,-78.257497,-78.257509,-78.257553,-78.25763,-78.257675,-78.257724,-78.257794,-78.261569,-78.26162,-78.265493,-78.267037,-78.269305,-78.271233,-78.271623,-78.272146,-78.272623,-78.274523,-78.276223,-78.278224,-78.279924,-78.281424,-78.28288,-78.282924,-78.284124,-78.285624,-78.287424,-78.289124,-78.290043,-78.29016,-78.290277,-78.291624,-78.293024,-78.293624,-78.293924,-78.296224,-78.297124,-78.297857,-78.298424,-78.299424,-78.300524,-78.300757,-78.300828,-78.300899,-78.301623,-78.301697,-78.302393,-78.302422,-78.302412,-78.302403,-78.302299,-78.302202,-78.302115,-78.302072,-78.302005,-78.301988,-78.301968,-78.301944,-78.301859,-78.301755,-78.301648,-78.301518,-78.301409,-78.301355,-78.301284,-78.301142,-78.300982,-78.300897,-78.299492,-78.299277,-78.299029,-78.298207,-78.297973,-78.297828,-78.297689,-78.297625,-78.297571,-78.297495,-78.297424,-78.297405,-78.297401,-78.297411,-78.297435,-78.297504,-78.297529,-78.297542,-78.297534,-78.297501,-78.29745,-78.29737,-78.297288,-78.297147,-78.297031,-78.296906,-78.296685,-78.296552,-78.296315,-78.296111,-78.295934,-78.295542,-78.295473,-78.295264,-78.295057,-78.293564,-78.293148,-78.293047,-78.29292,-78.292748,-78.292589,-78.29244,-78.292308,-78.29218,-78.292104,-78.291957,-78.291788,-78.291607,-78.291428,-78.291358,-78.291294,-78.291176,-78.290949,-78.290717,-78.290589,-78.290308,-78.290075,-78.290017,-78.289984,-78.289789,-78.289261,-78.289125,-78.289016,-78.288814,-78.288783,-78.288581,-78.288512,-78.288163,-78.288043,-78.287848,-78.287548,-78.287334,-78.287014,-78.286856,-78.286776,-78.286672,-78.28658,-78.28647,-78.286321,-78.285923,-78.285153,-78.28499,-78.284812,-78.28466,-78.284456,-78.284268,-78.284456,-78.284995,-78.285177,-78.285429,-78.286029,-78.286343,-78.286481,-78.28678,-78.287062,-78.287272,-78.287378,-78.287467,-78.287596,-78.287654,-78.287886,-78.28814,-78.288323,-78.288487,-78.288662,-78.288801,-78.28895,-78.28914,-78.289276,-78.289311,-78.289723,-78.289887,-78.290123,-78.290304,-78.290469,-78.290772,-78.291186,-78.291775,-78.291997,-78.292175,-78.292314,-78.292394,-78.292483,-78.292597,-78.292693,-78.292788,-78.292927,-78.293345,-78.293471,-78.293599,-78.293761,-78.293923,-78.294083,-78.29427,-78.29439,-78.294736,-78.295737,-78.297728,-78.298159,-78.298478,-78.298762,-78.299213,-78.299263,-78.299297,-78.299314,-78.299313,-78.299294,-78.299185,-78.299711,-78.299979,-78.300308,-78.30089,-78.301276,-78.302217,-78.302872,-78.30353,-78.305071,-78.305419,-78.305936,-78.307355,-78.308228,-78.308589,-78.308924,-78.309283,-78.309555,-78.309893,-78.310278,-78.310597,-78.311004,-78.311114,-78.311159,-78.311322,-78.311482,-78.312734,-78.313061,-78.315532,-78.316317,-78.316513,-78.316694,-78.316882,-78.316993,-78.317067,-78.317163,-78.317217,-78.317284,-78.317303,-78.31731,-78.317298,-78.317272,-78.317214,-78.317137,-78.317062,-78.31691,-78.316768,-78.316501,-78.316295,-78.315962,-78.315242,-78.314667,-78.314254,-78.314102,-78.313968,-78.313848,-78.313769,-78.313696,-78.31364,-78.313602,-78.313596,-78.313595,-78.313608,-78.313646,-78.313685,-78.313749,-78.31385,-78.31393,-78.314098,-78.314281,-78.314659,-78.315408,-78.316102,-78.316715,-78.317211,-78.317474,-78.317795,-78.31806,-78.318369,-78.318455,-78.3192,-78.319511,-78.319841,-78.319948,-78.320071,-78.320211,-78.320366,-78.320531,-78.320576,-78.320711,-78.320903,-78.321108,-78.32137,-78.321512,-78.321708,-78.321963,-78.322174,-78.32239,-78.32261,-78.322892,-78.323184,-78.323421,-78.323721,-78.324031,-78.324026,-78.324028,-78.324044,-78.324085,-78.324136,-78.324172,-78.324278,-78.324694,-78.325143,-78.325482,-78.32566,-78.325937,-78.326094,-78.326228,-78.326162],"lat":[37.804903,37.805032,37.805255,37.806221,37.806668,37.807098,37.807544,37.808589,37.808702,37.808802,37.808978,37.809148,37.809308,37.809499,37.80962,37.809898,37.81085,37.812,37.812503,37.81269,37.812808,37.81293,37.813026,37.813067,37.813242,37.813564,37.813739,37.813813,37.814228,37.814655,37.814969,37.815066,37.815523,37.815866,37.816,37.816371,37.81646,37.816511,37.816558,37.816613,37.816693,37.816784,37.816886,37.817159,37.817493,37.817737,37.81797,37.818375,37.818426,37.818508,37.818606,37.818707,37.818983,37.819122,37.819196,37.819276,37.819324,37.819394,37.819497,37.819568,37.819606,37.819659,37.819725,37.819771,37.819944,37.820322,37.820742,37.820842,37.821238,37.821521,37.821721,37.821788,37.821839,37.821846,37.82189,37.821975,37.822081,37.822438,37.822535,37.822622,37.822797,37.823146,37.823553,37.823788,37.82384,37.823908,37.823955,37.823988,37.824006,37.824009,37.824005,37.824001,37.823998,37.823967,37.823932,37.823898,37.823832,37.823761,37.823386,37.823212,37.823015,37.822958,37.823454,37.824021,37.82428,37.824425,37.824572,37.824719,37.824864,37.82529,37.825396,37.825838,37.82712,37.827559,37.827705,37.827853,37.827989,37.82805,37.828109,37.828178,37.82824,37.82827,37.828785,37.829353,37.829739,37.830716,37.83105,37.831389,37.831648,37.831915,37.832185,37.832461,37.832743,37.833026,37.833278,37.833603,37.833819,37.83404,37.836122,37.837246,37.83852,37.838797,37.839265,37.839409,37.839566,37.840061,37.840462,37.84061,37.840882,37.84175,37.842232,37.84276,37.843326,37.844753,37.84585,37.847108,37.847457,37.847863,37.848382,37.849044,37.849097,37.849301,37.849425,37.850056,37.850378,37.850671,37.850999,37.85126,37.851439,37.851632,37.852013,37.852231,37.852517,37.852741,37.853074,37.854042,37.854562,37.855061,37.855303,37.855569,37.855817,37.85607,37.856205,37.856259,37.856546,37.856817,37.856892,37.856962,37.857169,37.857213,37.857263,37.857317,37.857391,37.857506,37.857626,37.857688,37.85774,37.857824,37.85785,37.857859,37.857893,37.858092,37.858367,37.858527,37.858656,37.858739,37.858889,37.859268,37.860227,37.86102,37.861174,37.861486,37.861798,37.862829,37.863215,37.863867,37.863999,37.864158,37.864446,37.864768,37.865101,37.865365,37.865886,37.86809,37.868587,37.868882,37.869152,37.870443,37.871061,37.871324,37.871547,37.871735,37.871999,37.872264,37.872503,37.872724,37.872987,37.87316,37.873319,37.873573,37.873798,37.875692,37.876705,37.877248,37.877595,37.877888,37.878071,37.878377,37.878687,37.878901,37.879116,37.879385,37.879679,37.879978,37.880405,37.880874,37.882469,37.882622,37.882724,37.883033,37.883292,37.883448,37.883552,37.883811,37.884312,37.88499,37.886974,37.887359,37.887561,37.887816,37.888115,37.88829,37.888508,37.888725,37.889048,37.889318,37.889584,37.891123,37.892672,37.893265,37.893829,37.894064,37.894475,37.894749,37.895016,37.895122,37.8959,37.896214,37.896787,37.897916,37.898156,37.898616,37.898781,37.899048,37.899321,37.8996,37.899822,37.899988,37.90025,37.900449,37.900713,37.901045,37.901467,37.901745,37.902024,37.902321,37.902688,37.902945,37.903054,37.903471,37.903648,37.903909,37.904112,37.904299,37.904386,37.904531,37.904617,37.90469,37.904749,37.904781,37.904789,37.904783,37.904768,37.904745,37.904703,37.904661,37.90457,37.904494,37.904371,37.904175,37.904016,37.904,37.903588,37.903475,37.903441,37.903411,37.903368,37.903327,37.9033,37.903287,37.90329,37.903311,37.903346,37.903394,37.903455,37.903689,37.903815,37.904073,37.904356,37.904523,37.904634,37.904745,37.904798,37.904814,37.904875,37.904919,37.904999,37.905552,37.905919,37.906101,37.906273,37.906407,37.906676,37.907067,37.907592,37.908257,37.908522,37.908682,37.908783,37.908872,37.908948,37.909012,37.909383,37.909436,37.909497,37.909556,37.909617,37.909705,37.90978,37.910221,37.912178,37.912298,37.912545,37.913787,37.914414,37.914538,37.914749,37.915386,37.915643,37.916337,37.916522,37.916666,37.916756,37.916839,37.91686,37.916974,37.917067,37.917109,37.917256,37.91737,37.917438,37.917757,37.917845,37.917924,37.918059,37.918242,37.918436,37.918719,37.919063,37.919252,37.919338,37.919412,37.919471,37.919525,37.919551,37.919563,37.919571,37.919634,37.919716,37.919782,37.919847,37.919866,37.919936,37.919957,37.919996,37.920151,37.920603,37.92071,37.920762,37.920814,37.920858,37.920891,37.920963,37.921002,37.921042,37.92111,37.921164,37.921245,37.921358,37.921417,37.921487,37.921713,37.921786,37.921989,37.922224,37.922344,37.922483,37.922734,37.922777,37.923004,37.923119,37.923231,37.923331,37.92342,37.923439,37.923647,37.92386,37.924018,37.924053,37.92415,37.924257,37.924365,37.92446,37.924588,37.925208,37.925603,37.925952,37.926179,37.926342,37.926472,37.926625,37.926742,37.926878,37.926997,37.927201,37.927474,37.92762,37.927723,37.927843,37.927921,37.928062,37.928212,37.928398,37.928672,37.928842,37.92902,37.929129,37.929264,37.929316,37.929926,37.930565,37.931,37.932126,37.932231,37.932327,37.932601,37.932765,37.932951,37.933121,37.933256,37.933323,37.933429,37.933607,37.93379,37.934563,37.934764,37.934969,37.935054,37.93519,37.935412,37.935533,37.935693,37.935794,37.936043,37.936915,37.937358,37.937531,37.937736,37.938672,37.93872,37.939338,37.940192,37.940509,37.940759,37.941005,37.941243,37.94158,37.941782,37.941995,37.942371,37.942624,37.942894,37.943323,37.943863,37.944094,37.944271,37.944415,37.944582,37.944819,37.946052,37.94625,37.946427,37.9466,37.946699,37.946857,37.947008,37.947114,37.947751,37.948085,37.948373,37.948578,37.948768,37.949178,37.949734,37.950078,37.950553,37.950816,37.950948,37.951031,37.951113,37.951191,37.951246,37.951288,37.951397,37.951494,37.9516,37.951698,37.95183,37.952061,37.952127,37.952229,37.95232,37.952429,37.952509,37.952775,37.952876,37.952967,37.953043,37.953129,37.953186,37.953628,37.953571,37.95244,37.95224,37.952022,37.951818,37.951015,37.951004,37.950964,37.950592,37.950263,37.950252,37.950245,37.950241,37.950239,37.95023,37.950215,37.950208,37.950196,37.949932,37.949888,37.949878,37.948749,37.947717,37.94691,37.946787,37.946333,37.944986,37.944882,37.94369,37.941589,37.941355,37.941346,37.940942,37.940829,37.94034,37.940081,37.93954,37.939277,37.93896,37.938741,37.93804,37.93714,37.936793,37.93624,37.935578,37.935573,37.93554,37.93464,37.933742,37.932941,37.932406,37.932341,37.931842,37.931441,37.930941,37.930441,37.929941,37.929548,37.929542,37.929452,37.929447,37.929441,37.929396,37.929291,37.929113,37.929103,37.926503,37.926162,37.926103,37.926092,37.926082,37.926077,37.925996,37.925665,37.923789,37.922572,37.922186,37.922154,37.920236,37.917969,37.91797,37.917946,37.917467,37.916928,37.916597,37.916576,37.916408,37.91636,37.9162,37.912907,37.912902,37.912089,37.911776,37.910713,37.910268,37.91014,37.909797,37.909803,37.909699,37.909347,37.909005,37.908707,37.908672,37.908467,37.908345,37.907355,37.905925,37.905858,37.905849,37.905831,37.905616,37.905328,37.905108,37.904685,37.902405,37.902358,37.902294,37.901478,37.897135,37.896905,37.892176,37.891493,37.891453,37.891117,37.887482,37.88365,37.883617,37.879133,37.876953,37.876927,37.876897,37.875051,37.87289,37.871168,37.870407,37.869799,37.864838,37.864682,37.862585,37.85851,37.856431,37.856296,37.854017,37.849384,37.84932,37.847607,37.846081,37.845946,37.842412,37.841329,37.841296,37.840959,37.839182,37.836968,37.834418,37.833784,37.832567,37.83011,37.830079,37.82924,37.829214,37.827619,37.827147,37.826122,37.826086,37.825866,37.821252,37.821047,37.82033,37.81878,37.817268,37.81725,37.815049,37.815011,37.814984,37.814521,37.80864,37.80752,37.805037,37.803476,37.801349,37.801258,37.799429,37.799411,37.799269,37.797951,37.797789,37.7977,37.797654,37.792735,37.792642,37.792588,37.792536,37.790548,37.790477,37.790422,37.78705,37.786841,37.785299,37.785263,37.785021,37.784802,37.783732,37.773949,37.765633,37.765614,37.764431,37.76337,37.759953,37.758578,37.757329,37.756683,37.754371,37.753873,37.753387,37.753372,37.752783,37.752742,37.7527,37.752313,37.75221,37.752054,37.75173,37.751721,37.751651,37.751551,37.750606,37.750443,37.750272,37.75025,37.750209,37.750125,37.749904,37.749846,37.749807,37.749329,37.749141,37.748925,37.748528,37.748617,37.748671,37.748708,37.74877,37.748902,37.749127,37.749182,37.749276,37.749343,37.749353,37.749359,37.74938,37.74937,37.749354,37.749342,37.749298,37.749249,37.74909,37.748947,37.748937,37.748854,37.748822,37.74875,37.748652,37.748173,37.748074,37.748054,37.747851,37.747692,37.747604,37.747428,37.747352,37.746923,37.746847,37.746594,37.746243,37.746084,37.745776,37.745562,37.745299,37.745178,37.744959,37.744794,37.744558,37.744388,37.743608,37.743015,37.742686,37.742175,37.741429,37.741044,37.740468,37.740298,37.740149,37.739677,37.738936,37.738711,37.738382,37.73808,37.737503,37.737366,37.736872,37.736493,37.736361,37.735741,37.735565,37.735197,37.735164,37.735044,37.734901,37.733759,37.733073,37.732068,37.731749,37.731294,37.730909,37.730366,37.73013,37.729619,37.729394,37.729278,37.729009,37.728762,37.728092,37.727263,37.72645,37.726099,37.725522,37.724029,37.723413,37.723342,37.723194,37.72298,37.722826,37.722738,37.722145,37.72176,37.72108,37.720739,37.720195,37.719959,37.719476,37.719179,37.718526,37.717801,37.717021,37.716582,37.716153,37.715736,37.715604,37.715368,37.715181,37.714868,37.714495,37.714022,37.713484,37.71282,37.712534,37.71199,37.711787,37.711579,37.711353,37.711084,37.71059,37.709794,37.709618,37.708784,37.707768,37.707559,37.70718,37.706318,37.706126,37.705978,37.705204,37.705056,37.704902,37.703666,37.703019,37.702491,37.701882,37.701712,37.701393,37.700471,37.699713,37.699405,37.698988,37.698714,37.698208,37.697978,37.697736,37.69756,37.697165,37.696956,37.69644,37.695726,37.695133,37.694397,37.693743,37.693551,37.693095,37.692789,37.692749,37.692611,37.692452,37.69221,37.691985,37.691546,37.691315,37.691111,37.69098,37.690749,37.690567,37.690512,37.690495,37.690643,37.690842,37.690745,37.690648,37.690547,37.690337,37.69033,37.690315,37.690308,37.690313,37.690324,37.690362,37.690411,37.690423,37.690427,37.690428,37.69044,37.690444,37.690488,37.690508,37.690509,37.690542,37.69063,37.69068,37.690944,37.691294,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691254,37.69126,37.691262,37.691263,37.691344,37.691395,37.691409,37.691417,37.691424,37.691444,37.691544,37.691595,37.691602,37.691606,37.691608,37.691615,37.691628,37.691636,37.691644,37.691659,37.692483,37.6925,37.693791,37.694494,37.695526,37.697378,37.697544,37.69791,37.698244,37.699444,37.700444,37.701844,37.702944,37.703744,37.704617,37.704644,37.705444,37.706144,37.707044,37.707843,37.708252,37.708288,37.708325,37.708743,37.709143,37.709243,37.709243,37.709743,37.709943,37.710112,37.710243,37.710443,37.710643,37.710622,37.710616,37.710609,37.710543,37.710536,37.710466,37.710463,37.710532,37.710602,37.711349,37.712042,37.712676,37.712968,37.713432,37.713546,37.713682,37.713852,37.714457,37.715247,37.715985,37.716928,37.717619,37.717838,37.718053,37.718361,37.718663,37.718806,37.721173,37.721549,37.722006,37.723745,37.724255,37.724584,37.724949,37.725147,37.725347,37.725705,37.726176,37.726383,37.726554,37.7269,37.727262,37.727905,37.728245,37.728667,37.72893,37.729377,37.729722,37.730109,37.730417,37.730866,37.73116,37.731455,37.731891,37.732119,37.732494,37.732785,37.733012,37.733459,37.733537,37.733754,37.733944,37.735317,37.735747,37.735858,37.736011,37.736248,37.736508,37.736782,37.737062,37.737382,37.737612,37.738167,37.738858,37.739646,37.740387,37.740632,37.740799,37.741064,37.741535,37.741942,37.742142,37.742571,37.742926,37.743013,37.743063,37.743357,37.744155,37.744362,37.744542,37.744885,37.744947,37.745364,37.745519,37.746452,37.746807,37.747448,37.748671,37.74952,37.750824,37.751443,37.751711,37.751989,37.752182,37.75237,37.752586,37.75308,37.754026,37.754194,37.754352,37.754471,37.754612,37.754725,37.754947,37.755495,37.755678,37.755932,37.756527,37.756819,37.756944,37.757189,37.757413,37.757596,37.757695,37.757786,37.757941,37.758012,37.758339,37.758772,37.759136,37.759542,37.760001,37.760419,37.760843,37.761325,37.761587,37.761647,37.762234,37.762448,37.762733,37.76297,37.763163,37.763471,37.763869,37.764389,37.764579,37.764732,37.764845,37.764887,37.764917,37.764935,37.764934,37.764919,37.764879,37.764754,37.764729,37.764714,37.764706,37.764713,37.764734,37.764776,37.764815,37.764957,37.765424,37.766352,37.766557,37.766719,37.766882,37.767158,37.7672,37.767251,37.767307,37.767365,37.76742,37.767571,37.767843,37.767976,37.768125,37.768356,37.768499,37.768846,37.769093,37.769336,37.76991,37.77004,37.770232,37.770759,37.771097,37.771254,37.771411,37.771585,37.771736,37.771939,37.772195,37.772433,37.772768,37.772862,37.7729,37.773055,37.773206,37.774474,37.774817,37.777335,37.778138,37.778354,37.778579,37.778847,37.779028,37.779174,37.779408,37.779585,37.779881,37.780056,37.780297,37.780539,37.780731,37.780964,37.781195,37.781365,37.781664,37.781893,37.782311,37.782631,37.783135,37.784241,37.785112,37.785763,37.786033,37.786308,37.786605,37.786857,37.787146,37.787438,37.787865,37.788092,37.788112,37.788359,37.788672,37.788891,37.789164,37.789486,37.789677,37.790029,37.790369,37.791012,37.792239,37.793417,37.794431,37.795247,37.795684,37.796232,37.796732,37.79739,37.797596,37.799538,37.80037,37.801212,37.801434,37.80165,37.80186,37.802062,37.802253,37.802299,37.802436,37.80261,37.802774,37.802959,37.803047,37.803159,37.80329,37.803386,37.803473,37.803553,37.803642,37.803714,37.803762,37.803809,37.803843,37.803985,37.804022,37.804083,37.80415,37.804197,37.804221,37.804273,37.804443,37.804595,37.804693,37.804728,37.80476,37.804792,37.804833,37.804903]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.342867,-78.342697,-78.342637,-78.342452,-78.342236,-78.342067,-78.341853,-78.341632,-78.341308,-78.340848,-78.340636,-78.340163,-78.33976,-78.339689,-78.339223,-78.338522,-78.33825,-78.338023,-78.337868,-78.336649,-78.336076,-78.335181,-78.334753,-78.334316,-78.33418,-78.334012,-78.33388,-78.333751,-78.3336,-78.333538,-78.333403,-78.333244,-78.333031,-78.332861,-78.332711,-78.332666,-78.332631,-78.332601,-78.332589,-78.332598,-78.332635,-78.332685,-78.33275,-78.333158,-78.333714,-78.334664,-78.335449,-78.336379,-78.336807,-78.336999,-78.33734,-78.33637,-78.334962,-78.33335,-78.331666,-78.331534,-78.331427,-78.331293,-78.331161,-78.331028,-78.330863,-78.330761,-78.330664,-78.330575,-78.330295,-78.33019,-78.330073,-78.329945,-78.329774,-78.329597,-78.329339,-78.32915,-78.328997,-78.328668,-78.328571,-78.328457,-78.328324,-78.326921,-78.326726,-78.326209,-78.32615,-78.326043,-78.325976,-78.325949,-78.32552,-78.325156,-78.32487,-78.324581,-78.324407,-78.32417,-78.322981,-78.32286,-78.322216,-78.320771,-78.320565,-78.3201,-78.319174,-78.319064,-78.318083,-78.315628,-78.3151,-78.314993,-78.314858,-78.314428,-78.313373,-78.312959,-78.312519,-78.311954,-78.311178,-78.310884,-78.310549,-78.310145,-78.309691,-78.309471,-78.308162,-78.307961,-78.307486,-78.306912,-78.305011,-78.304181,-78.303747,-78.302287,-78.302141,-78.300787,-78.300004,-78.299911,-78.299887,-78.299859,-78.29981,-78.299755,-78.299706,-78.299637,-78.299533,-78.299228,-78.298882,-78.298787,-78.298514,-78.298379,-78.298232,-78.298149,-78.297942,-78.297751,-78.297634,-78.297484,-78.297349,-78.297276,-78.297197,-78.297007,-78.296868,-78.29679,-78.296633,-78.29653,-78.296172,-78.296076,-78.296027,-78.295965,-78.295929,-78.295853,-78.29578,-78.295766,-78.295767,-78.295781,-78.295809,-78.295854,-78.295944,-78.296029,-78.296321,-78.296428,-78.296637,-78.296774,-78.296866,-78.29694,-78.297223,-78.297286,-78.297349,-78.297432,-78.297548,-78.297676,-78.298803,-78.2992,-78.299345,-78.299477,-78.299597,-78.299709,-78.299805,-78.299895,-78.299982,-78.300386,-78.300516,-78.30061,-78.300681,-78.300767,-78.300862,-78.300924,-78.301065,-78.301248,-78.301494,-78.302168,-78.303702,-78.305713,-78.308411,-78.308643,-78.309088,-78.309292,-78.309494,-78.309625,-78.309879,-78.310127,-78.310472,-78.310761,-78.310972,-78.311079,-78.311178,-78.31129,-78.311459,-78.311781,-78.312603,-78.313718,-78.314112,-78.314195,-78.31466,-78.315705,-78.315831,-78.315933,-78.316026,-78.316411,-78.316483,-78.316802,-78.316972,-78.317211,-78.317404,-78.317684,-78.317863,-78.318013,-78.318719,-78.318986,-78.31916,-78.319483,-78.319646,-78.319872,-78.320052,-78.320126,-78.320303,-78.320417,-78.320674,-78.320944,-78.321061,-78.32114,-78.32118,-78.321195,-78.321218,-78.321231,-78.321228,-78.321203,-78.321188,-78.321111,-78.321013,-78.320817,-78.320813,-78.320809,-78.320796,-78.320792,-78.320805,-78.320834,-78.320871,-78.320925,-78.321002,-78.321193,-78.321358,-78.321786,-78.323146,-78.323391,-78.323707,-78.323936,-78.325203,-78.326078,-78.326501,-78.3267,-78.326915,-78.327143,-78.32732,-78.327392,-78.327509,-78.327617,-78.327741,-78.327878,-78.327926,-78.32797,-78.328048,-78.328123,-78.328181,-78.32823,-78.328332,-78.328357,-78.328418,-78.32846,-78.328535,-78.328651,-78.328728,-78.328769,-78.328841,-78.328996,-78.329167,-78.329485,-78.329963,-78.330257,-78.330531,-78.330799,-78.331148,-78.33136,-78.331923,-78.332402,-78.33257,-78.332996,-78.333289,-78.333605,-78.334058,-78.335179,-78.335565,-78.335904,-78.336335,-78.336832,-78.337873,-78.338027,-78.338094,-78.338425,-78.338626,-78.338816,-78.339021,-78.339179,-78.339416,-78.339968,-78.340258,-78.340391,-78.340488,-78.340863,-78.34105,-78.341474,-78.341698,-78.341959,-78.342123,-78.34236,-78.342712,-78.342848,-78.343341,-78.342867],"lat":[37.903933,37.904047,37.904083,37.904186,37.904288,37.904355,37.904424,37.90448,37.904539,37.904592,37.904609,37.90466,37.904692,37.904696,37.904749,37.90484,37.904853,37.904855,37.904849,37.904774,37.90474,37.904681,37.904661,37.904656,37.904661,37.90468,37.904706,37.904739,37.904801,37.904829,37.904899,37.904997,37.905145,37.905284,37.905425,37.905483,37.905545,37.905628,37.905712,37.905785,37.905892,37.905976,37.906054,37.906413,37.906906,37.907745,37.908432,37.909265,37.90965,37.909816,37.910124,37.910357,37.910687,37.911068,37.911462,37.911482,37.911489,37.911483,37.911464,37.911424,37.91135,37.911285,37.911208,37.911125,37.910828,37.910749,37.91068,37.910624,37.910576,37.910542,37.910514,37.910506,37.910511,37.910923,37.911143,37.911875,37.912037,37.912813,37.913038,37.914016,37.914261,37.914318,37.914594,37.914704,37.915014,37.915278,37.916072,37.916301,37.91644,37.916841,37.917502,37.917811,37.918153,37.917942,37.918021,37.91794,37.917781,37.917656,37.917503,37.917122,37.91704,37.917097,37.917077,37.917305,37.917135,37.917068,37.916997,37.916906,37.916829,37.916871,37.916919,37.916859,37.916793,37.916543,37.916352,37.91615,37.915672,37.915465,37.914781,37.914715,37.914875,37.913785,37.913618,37.91342,37.913816,37.913882,37.913899,37.913943,37.914184,37.914288,37.914338,37.914398,37.914464,37.914607,37.914942,37.91502,37.914441,37.914178,37.913941,37.913826,37.913584,37.91336,37.913201,37.912968,37.912724,37.912576,37.91237,37.911741,37.911366,37.911191,37.910895,37.910725,37.910162,37.909978,37.909853,37.909639,37.909466,37.908985,37.90859,37.908421,37.90832,37.908134,37.907989,37.907846,37.907673,37.907539,37.907151,37.907021,37.906764,37.906569,37.906413,37.906259,37.905599,37.905494,37.905415,37.905334,37.905242,37.90516,37.904549,37.904329,37.904238,37.904137,37.904027,37.903892,37.903745,37.903574,37.903384,37.902427,37.902155,37.90202,37.901948,37.901886,37.901838,37.901814,37.901783,37.901771,37.901771,37.901818,37.901909,37.902009,37.902149,37.902158,37.902171,37.902164,37.902142,37.902119,37.902058,37.901981,37.901853,37.901728,37.901615,37.901543,37.901464,37.901357,37.901158,37.900752,37.899715,37.898288,37.897795,37.897694,37.897127,37.895857,37.895716,37.895611,37.895516,37.895156,37.895088,37.894766,37.894575,37.894271,37.893997,37.893552,37.893249,37.892969,37.891624,37.891116,37.890778,37.890179,37.88992,37.88961,37.889369,37.88927,37.889057,37.888933,37.888678,37.888406,37.888254,37.888121,37.888029,37.887983,37.887887,37.887766,37.887653,37.887453,37.887373,37.887045,37.886576,37.88554,37.885504,37.885468,37.885344,37.885141,37.884912,37.884717,37.88459,37.884467,37.88433,37.884399,37.884487,37.884904,37.885796,37.885973,37.886221,37.886414,37.887552,37.88833,37.888723,37.888927,37.889172,37.889456,37.889703,37.889814,37.889994,37.890181,37.890416,37.890718,37.890842,37.890967,37.891237,37.891586,37.891947,37.892353,37.893532,37.893738,37.894004,37.894137,37.894311,37.894529,37.894657,37.894714,37.89481,37.894994,37.89517,37.895448,37.895842,37.896064,37.896258,37.896424,37.896625,37.896732,37.896994,37.8972,37.897273,37.897435,37.897533,37.897627,37.897734,37.897954,37.898034,37.898114,37.898222,37.898345,37.898613,37.898657,37.898678,37.898804,37.898899,37.899006,37.899143,37.899265,37.89947,37.900006,37.900313,37.900473,37.900591,37.901093,37.901351,37.901909,37.902174,37.902442,37.902589,37.90279,37.903077,37.903188,37.903588,37.903933]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.366568,-78.360683,-78.3605,-78.353657,-78.351263,-78.351164,-78.351106,-78.350874,-78.350459,-78.350312,-78.350309,-78.349993,-78.349637,-78.349445,-78.349372,-78.348664,-78.348573,-78.347298,-78.347136,-78.345887,-78.345331,-78.344992,-78.343697,-78.342872,-78.340865,-78.338619,-78.337152,-78.335942,-78.335245,-78.33406,-78.333924,-78.333914,-78.33364,-78.333224,-78.333193,-78.332437,-78.332245,-78.332064,-78.331669,-78.331353,-78.329425,-78.329296,-78.328722,-78.327873,-78.327335,-78.326804,-78.326574,-78.325282,-78.325163,-78.325065,-78.324675,-78.324168,-78.323846,-78.323414,-78.322935,-78.322653,-78.322598,-78.322232,-78.321605,-78.321564,-78.321063,-78.320685,-78.320304,-78.319364,-78.319181,-78.318927,-78.31843,-78.317756,-78.317485,-78.316777,-78.313743,-78.312052,-78.311561,-78.311171,-78.31063,-78.310442,-78.31035,-78.309808,-78.309021,-78.307949,-78.307493,-78.306207,-78.304547,-78.302484,-78.300472,-78.29952,-78.298714,-78.297788,-78.298014,-78.298528,-78.298696,-78.298812,-78.298966,-78.299096,-78.299185,-78.299293,-78.299368,-78.299432,-78.299465,-78.299486,-78.299487,-78.29947,-78.299432,-78.299354,-78.299174,-78.29911,-78.299024,-78.298787,-78.298882,-78.299228,-78.299533,-78.299637,-78.299706,-78.299755,-78.29981,-78.299859,-78.299887,-78.299911,-78.300004,-78.300787,-78.302141,-78.302287,-78.303747,-78.304181,-78.305011,-78.306912,-78.307486,-78.307961,-78.308162,-78.309471,-78.309691,-78.310145,-78.310549,-78.310884,-78.311178,-78.311954,-78.312519,-78.312959,-78.313373,-78.314428,-78.314858,-78.314993,-78.3151,-78.315628,-78.318083,-78.319064,-78.319174,-78.3201,-78.320565,-78.320771,-78.322216,-78.32286,-78.322981,-78.32417,-78.324407,-78.324581,-78.32487,-78.325156,-78.32552,-78.325949,-78.325976,-78.326043,-78.32615,-78.326209,-78.326726,-78.326921,-78.328324,-78.328457,-78.328571,-78.328668,-78.328997,-78.32915,-78.329339,-78.329597,-78.329774,-78.329945,-78.330073,-78.33019,-78.330295,-78.330575,-78.330664,-78.330761,-78.330863,-78.331028,-78.331161,-78.331293,-78.331427,-78.331534,-78.331666,-78.33335,-78.334962,-78.33637,-78.33734,-78.336999,-78.336807,-78.336379,-78.335449,-78.334664,-78.333714,-78.333158,-78.33275,-78.332685,-78.332635,-78.332598,-78.332589,-78.332601,-78.332631,-78.332666,-78.332711,-78.332861,-78.333031,-78.333244,-78.333403,-78.333538,-78.3336,-78.333751,-78.33388,-78.334012,-78.33418,-78.334316,-78.334753,-78.335181,-78.336076,-78.336649,-78.337868,-78.338023,-78.33825,-78.338522,-78.339223,-78.339689,-78.33976,-78.340163,-78.340636,-78.340848,-78.341308,-78.341632,-78.341853,-78.342067,-78.342236,-78.342452,-78.342637,-78.342697,-78.342867,-78.343341,-78.343564,-78.343841,-78.344047,-78.344091,-78.344296,-78.344832,-78.34524,-78.345515,-78.345891,-78.346108,-78.346243,-78.346467,-78.346493,-78.346747,-78.346948,-78.347277,-78.347464,-78.347598,-78.347643,-78.347733,-78.34778,-78.347821,-78.347831,-78.347842,-78.347828,-78.347809,-78.347761,-78.347606,-78.347569,-78.347545,-78.347501,-78.347477,-78.347471,-78.347484,-78.347514,-78.347579,-78.347659,-78.347741,-78.347837,-78.347983,-78.348274,-78.349089,-78.349541,-78.350692,-78.351152,-78.351315,-78.351525,-78.351734,-78.351852,-78.351953,-78.352015,-78.352446,-78.352527,-78.352641,-78.352715,-78.352787,-78.352943,-78.353035,-78.35317,-78.353347,-78.353504,-78.353669,-78.353859,-78.354061,-78.354323,-78.354611,-78.355497,-78.356172,-78.356716,-78.356997,-78.357203,-78.357408,-78.357602,-78.357819,-78.357921,-78.358078,-78.35822,-78.358331,-78.358406,-78.358499,-78.358595,-78.358775,-78.358827,-78.359162,-78.359209,-78.35929,-78.359379,-78.359489,-78.359955,-78.360095,-78.360191,-78.360262,-78.360524,-78.361499,-78.361746,-78.36196,-78.362069,-78.362219,-78.362455,-78.362773,-78.363425,-78.363448,-78.363848,-78.364191,-78.364451,-78.364827,-78.365436,-78.365606,-78.366146,-78.366375,-78.366408,-78.366568],"lat":[37.938288,37.944979,37.945188,37.952967,37.955691,37.955804,37.955756,37.955562,37.955215,37.955048,37.954866,37.95482,37.954518,37.954355,37.954293,37.953936,37.953923,37.95301,37.952837,37.951497,37.951089,37.950749,37.949725,37.948788,37.946552,37.944626,37.94354,37.942746,37.942335,37.941636,37.941616,37.94161,37.941457,37.941224,37.941215,37.941,37.940826,37.9408,37.940888,37.940841,37.940887,37.940874,37.940817,37.940732,37.940714,37.940696,37.940688,37.940426,37.940336,37.940358,37.940229,37.939994,37.939845,37.939645,37.939468,37.939364,37.939344,37.939291,37.939199,37.939196,37.939163,37.939137,37.938972,37.938799,37.93859,37.938481,37.938408,37.93791,37.93787,37.937513,37.934019,37.932318,37.932029,37.931899,37.93182,37.93192,37.931815,37.931736,37.931512,37.930919,37.930489,37.928849,37.926826,37.924345,37.921654,37.92057,37.919653,37.918485,37.918381,37.91813,37.918035,37.91796,37.917841,37.917718,37.917617,37.917469,37.917333,37.917174,37.917048,37.916879,37.916756,37.916596,37.916427,37.916216,37.915824,37.915695,37.915521,37.91502,37.914942,37.914607,37.914464,37.914398,37.914338,37.914288,37.914184,37.913943,37.913899,37.913882,37.913816,37.91342,37.913618,37.913785,37.914875,37.914715,37.914781,37.915465,37.915672,37.91615,37.916352,37.916543,37.916793,37.916859,37.916919,37.916871,37.916829,37.916906,37.916997,37.917068,37.917135,37.917305,37.917077,37.917097,37.91704,37.917122,37.917503,37.917656,37.917781,37.91794,37.918021,37.917942,37.918153,37.917811,37.917502,37.916841,37.91644,37.916301,37.916072,37.915278,37.915014,37.914704,37.914594,37.914318,37.914261,37.914016,37.913038,37.912813,37.912037,37.911875,37.911143,37.910923,37.910511,37.910506,37.910514,37.910542,37.910576,37.910624,37.91068,37.910749,37.910828,37.911125,37.911208,37.911285,37.91135,37.911424,37.911464,37.911483,37.911489,37.911482,37.911462,37.911068,37.910687,37.910357,37.910124,37.909816,37.90965,37.909265,37.908432,37.907745,37.906906,37.906413,37.906054,37.905976,37.905892,37.905785,37.905712,37.905628,37.905545,37.905483,37.905425,37.905284,37.905145,37.904997,37.904899,37.904829,37.904801,37.904739,37.904706,37.90468,37.904661,37.904656,37.904661,37.904681,37.90474,37.904774,37.904849,37.904855,37.904853,37.90484,37.904749,37.904696,37.904692,37.90466,37.904609,37.904592,37.904539,37.90448,37.904424,37.904355,37.904288,37.904186,37.904083,37.904047,37.903933,37.903588,37.903766,37.904014,37.904211,37.904254,37.904461,37.905017,37.905442,37.90574,37.906167,37.906432,37.906599,37.906889,37.906924,37.907274,37.907592,37.908157,37.908513,37.9088,37.908912,37.909139,37.909297,37.909498,37.909598,37.909898,37.910121,37.910272,37.910585,37.91143,37.911665,37.911881,37.912149,37.912346,37.912544,37.912776,37.912968,37.913233,37.913453,37.913631,37.913801,37.914017,37.914437,37.915584,37.916223,37.917836,37.918469,37.918692,37.918995,37.919316,37.919509,37.919707,37.919851,37.920876,37.921044,37.921247,37.921358,37.921457,37.921643,37.921753,37.921883,37.922036,37.922155,37.922266,37.922378,37.922485,37.922606,37.922717,37.923024,37.923257,37.923455,37.923571,37.92367,37.923789,37.92392,37.92409,37.924184,37.924348,37.924521,37.924685,37.924818,37.925022,37.925315,37.925952,37.926139,37.927362,37.927501,37.927684,37.927838,37.927978,37.928487,37.928652,37.928774,37.928874,37.929297,37.931015,37.931464,37.931823,37.931988,37.932185,37.932479,37.932872,37.933672,37.933701,37.934201,37.934649,37.935022,37.935613,37.936572,37.936839,37.937668,37.938012,37.93806,37.938288]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.351164,-78.351083,-78.349329,-78.345487,-78.344588,-78.337923,-78.336,-78.335938,-78.333397,-78.330335,-78.330156,-78.329028,-78.327141,-78.326485,-78.326269,-78.325332,-78.325248,-78.324924,-78.324615,-78.324537,-78.320306,-78.320252,-78.320173,-78.319529,-78.316855,-78.315715,-78.315347,-78.314461,-78.313229,-78.31297,-78.312329,-78.310235,-78.310007,-78.309789,-78.309321,-78.308791,-78.30795,-78.30776,-78.306866,-78.306763,-78.305857,-78.304348,-78.304337,-78.304325,-78.304043,-78.301877,-78.301596,-78.301299,-78.301201,-78.301158,-78.30024,-78.300228,-78.300208,-78.299988,-78.299927,-78.299892,-78.299671,-78.299626,-78.299558,-78.299443,-78.299361,-78.299281,-78.298837,-78.298778,-78.298759,-78.298634,-78.298487,-78.298334,-78.297852,-78.297492,-78.295702,-78.294098,-78.294071,-78.29406,-78.294042,-78.293797,-78.293744,-78.293709,-78.292598,-78.291999,-78.290044,-78.289783,-78.288971,-78.288941,-78.288919,-78.287609,-78.287511,-78.287428,-78.286653,-78.286533,-78.284822,-78.284231,-78.284166,-78.284133,-78.2841,-78.283837,-78.283368,-78.283212,-78.283056,-78.282431,-78.280728,-78.280138,-78.279428,-78.279378,-78.279039,-78.278535,-78.278228,-78.278137,-78.277434,-78.276527,-78.275979,-78.275881,-78.275822,-78.275804,-78.27506,-78.274191,-78.274032,-78.27319,-78.273108,-78.273097,-78.273086,-78.273024,-78.272969,-78.272845,-78.272822,-78.272654,-78.272532,-78.272027,-78.270454,-78.269123,-78.267124,-78.266976,-78.266956,-78.266926,-78.26685,-78.266536,-78.266435,-78.266405,-78.266101,-78.265231,-78.264027,-78.262627,-78.260966,-78.260827,-78.258027,-78.256727,-78.255628,-78.25555,-78.255498,-78.255325,-78.254517,-78.254295,-78.253296,-78.253011,-78.252868,-78.252725,-78.252527,-78.252429,-78.252227,-78.251928,-78.251327,-78.250846,-78.25074,-78.250529,-78.249927,-78.249726,-78.249725,-78.249725,-78.249259,-78.249235,-78.249218,-78.249181,-78.249139,-78.249125,-78.24802,-78.246961,-78.246532,-78.245766,-78.245752,-78.245739,-78.245229,-78.243826,-78.242926,-78.241928,-78.239026,-78.238626,-78.237726,-78.236126,-78.235643,-78.234627,-78.232626,-78.232374,-78.231426,-78.231314,-78.231209,-78.230625,-78.230204,-78.230175,-78.230126,-78.228263,-78.227941,-78.223813,-78.223524,-78.223364,-78.223317,-78.223307,-78.223299,-78.223286,-78.223267,-78.223247,-78.223179,-78.222501,-78.2219,-78.221891,-78.221755,-78.221668,-78.221516,-78.220631,-78.220546,-78.220266,-78.220247,-78.220143,-78.220092,-78.219455,-78.219381,-78.219303,-78.219244,-78.219157,-78.215559,-78.215163,-78.21474,-78.214654,-78.214631,-78.214623,-78.21455,-78.214403,-78.214042,-78.213999,-78.213229,-78.209001,-78.208822,-78.207391,-78.205325,-78.205125,-78.203293,-78.201087,-78.195959,-78.195655,-78.195606,-78.195515,-78.195412,-78.195231,-78.194995,-78.194207,-78.194008,-78.193784,-78.193619,-78.193465,-78.193378,-78.193122,-78.192945,-78.192796,-78.192595,-78.192387,-78.192125,-78.192059,-78.192006,-78.191973,-78.191959,-78.191963,-78.192007,-78.192122,-78.192344,-78.192523,-78.192843,-78.19308,-78.193198,-78.193326,-78.193515,-78.193755,-78.19428,-78.194367,-78.194483,-78.194582,-78.194631,-78.194692,-78.194735,-78.194763,-78.194873,-78.1949,-78.194929,-78.194965,-78.195026,-78.195133,-78.195407,-78.195648,-78.195819,-78.196004,-78.196311,-78.196504,-78.196713,-78.197076,-78.197351,-78.197594,-78.197803,-78.198035,-78.19862,-78.199048,-78.199081,-78.199715,-78.199834,-78.199918,-78.200082,-78.200388,-78.200459,-78.200482,-78.200495,-78.200498,-78.200475,-78.20045,-78.200432,-78.200365,-78.20028,-78.199876,-78.199795,-78.199735,-78.199709,-78.199695,-78.199677,-78.199669,-78.199673,-78.19969,-78.199734,-78.199761,-78.199789,-78.200171,-78.200306,-78.200496,-78.200674,-78.200693,-78.200748,-78.200803,-78.200916,-78.201045,-78.201281,-78.201459,-78.201623,-78.2018,-78.201913,-78.202116,-78.202327,-78.202666,-78.203332,-78.203779,-78.204011,-78.204242,-78.204419,-78.20462,-78.204771,-78.204931,-78.205129,-78.205403,-78.205727,-78.206247,-78.206387,-78.20651,-78.206675,-78.20688,-78.207102,-78.207194,-78.207569,-78.208094,-78.208587,-78.208633,-78.208868,-78.209167,-78.20957,-78.210029,-78.210997,-78.21118,-78.212257,-78.212728,-78.2131,-78.213784,-78.21434,-78.214538,-78.215154,-78.215346,-78.215537,-78.215997,-78.216368,-78.216647,-78.216998,-78.217256,-78.217604,-78.21869,-78.219386,-78.219751,-78.220052,-78.220289,-78.220657,-78.222276,-78.222928,-78.223156,-78.223319,-78.224212,-78.224587,-78.225431,-78.226167,-78.227155,-78.227833,-78.22791,-78.228014,-78.22822,-78.228494,-78.228716,-78.228933,-78.229141,-78.229528,-78.230256,-78.230866,-78.231264,-78.231684,-78.231978,-78.232181,-78.232441,-78.233477,-78.233706,-78.234057,-78.234451,-78.234546,-78.234722,-78.234892,-78.234917,-78.235016,-78.235107,-78.235225,-78.235344,-78.235793,-78.235961,-78.236401,-78.236547,-78.236633,-78.237035,-78.23783,-78.237992,-78.238069,-78.239322,-78.239617,-78.239676,-78.239762,-78.239838,-78.239927,-78.240044,-78.240183,-78.241674,-78.241869,-78.242058,-78.242237,-78.242406,-78.242634,-78.242977,-78.243857,-78.244539,-78.245068,-78.245416,-78.245579,-78.245762,-78.245929,-78.246225,-78.246689,-78.246761,-78.246805,-78.246871,-78.246889,-78.246952,-78.247104,-78.247288,-78.247602,-78.248229,-78.248769,-78.249039,-78.249574,-78.24974,-78.249914,-78.250093,-78.250275,-78.250662,-78.250817,-78.250968,-78.251115,-78.251227,-78.251294,-78.25136,-78.251535,-78.252058,-78.252076,-78.252309,-78.252625,-78.252845,-78.252991,-78.253174,-78.253268,-78.253393,-78.253497,-78.253604,-78.253739,-78.253874,-78.254059,-78.254317,-78.254569,-78.254814,-78.255143,-78.255319,-78.255663,-78.255991,-78.256367,-78.256651,-78.256545,-78.256524,-78.256481,-78.256436,-78.256418,-78.25642,-78.256441,-78.256504,-78.256571,-78.256639,-78.25671,-78.256814,-78.256887,-78.256991,-78.257139,-78.257304,-78.257485,-78.257609,-78.257954,-78.258139,-78.259013,-78.259461,-78.259695,-78.260273,-78.260348,-78.260525,-78.260687,-78.260897,-78.261006,-78.261246,-78.261497,-78.262133,-78.262779,-78.262885,-78.262972,-78.263059,-78.263099,-78.26312,-78.263123,-78.263112,-78.263084,-78.26305,-78.262968,-78.262546,-78.262395,-78.262299,-78.262268,-78.26226,-78.262254,-78.262263,-78.2623,-78.262318,-78.26235,-78.262733,-78.262852,-78.262943,-78.262987,-78.263011,-78.263014,-78.263004,-78.262981,-78.262925,-78.262851,-78.262797,-78.26269,-78.262539,-78.262259,-78.261707,-78.260706,-78.260598,-78.260501,-78.260451,-78.260404,-78.260355,-78.260333,-78.260329,-78.260343,-78.260375,-78.260412,-78.260474,-78.260571,-78.260851,-78.261419,-78.261541,-78.261663,-78.261882,-78.262872,-78.263102,-78.263203,-78.263313,-78.263397,-78.263454,-78.263478,-78.263495,-78.263544,-78.263562,-78.263569,-78.263589,-78.263626,-78.263652,-78.263797,-78.263971,-78.264048,-78.264079,-78.2641,-78.264132,-78.264159,-78.264187,-78.264225,-78.264242,-78.264249,-78.26427,-78.264332,-78.264374,-78.264423,-78.264524,-78.264651,-78.264749,-78.264835,-78.264925,-78.265019,-78.265578,-78.265782,-78.266005,-78.266766,-78.267571,-78.267714,-78.267839,-78.267961,-78.268097,-78.268431,-78.268767,-78.270421,-78.271322,-78.271636,-78.272041,-78.272215,-78.272814,-78.27319,-78.273689,-78.274667,-78.275747,-78.276991,-78.278481,-78.27875,-78.279967,-78.280127,-78.280295,-78.280433,-78.280777,-78.281124,-78.282522,-78.282969,-78.283174,-78.283326,-78.283695,-78.284997,-78.285313,-78.285573,-78.285878,-78.286179,-78.286545,-78.286863,-78.287336,-78.287649,-78.288724,-78.289254,-78.289414,-78.289603,-78.289749,-78.289886,-78.290665,-78.29116,-78.291318,-78.291528,-78.291841,-78.292276,-78.293033,-78.293285,-78.293885,-78.294183,-78.294506,-78.294775,-78.295301,-78.295617,-78.295819,-78.296741,-78.297949,-78.298781,-78.298959,-78.299113,-78.299269,-78.299426,-78.300006,-78.302263,-78.302764,-78.303015,-78.303177,-78.303323,-78.303499,-78.303666,-78.303901,-78.304341,-78.304489,-78.304574,-78.304655,-78.304771,-78.304923,-78.305084,-78.30525,-78.305541,-78.306207,-78.30696,-78.307313,-78.30757,-78.307932,-78.308144,-78.308374,-78.308587,-78.308953,-78.309402,-78.309685,-78.310683,-78.310984,-78.311513,-78.311936,-78.312299,-78.312508,-78.312899,-78.31306,-78.313267,-78.313578,-78.314261,-78.314804,-78.315121,-78.315687,-78.316099,-78.316804,-78.317164,-78.317459,-78.318105,-78.31829,-78.318509,-78.318864,-78.31923,-78.31978,-78.320059,-78.32015,-78.320244,-78.320337,-78.320395,-78.320585,-78.320693,-78.321123,-78.321144,-78.321211,-78.321299,-78.321368,-78.321407,-78.321426,-78.321433,-78.321423,-78.321366,-78.321362,-78.321373,-78.321402,-78.321446,-78.321484,-78.321512,-78.321543,-78.321545,-78.321533,-78.321496,-78.321468,-78.321228,-78.320927,-78.320745,-78.320699,-78.320691,-78.320764,-78.320844,-78.320947,-78.321059,-78.321003,-78.321002,-78.320925,-78.320871,-78.320834,-78.320805,-78.320792,-78.320796,-78.320809,-78.320813,-78.320817,-78.321013,-78.321111,-78.321188,-78.321203,-78.321228,-78.321231,-78.321218,-78.321195,-78.32118,-78.32114,-78.321061,-78.320944,-78.320674,-78.320417,-78.320303,-78.320126,-78.320052,-78.319872,-78.319646,-78.319483,-78.31916,-78.318986,-78.318719,-78.318013,-78.317863,-78.317684,-78.317404,-78.317211,-78.316972,-78.316802,-78.316483,-78.316411,-78.316026,-78.315933,-78.315831,-78.315705,-78.31466,-78.314195,-78.314112,-78.313718,-78.312603,-78.311781,-78.311459,-78.31129,-78.311178,-78.311079,-78.310972,-78.310761,-78.310472,-78.310127,-78.309879,-78.309625,-78.309494,-78.309292,-78.309088,-78.308643,-78.308411,-78.305713,-78.303702,-78.302168,-78.301494,-78.301248,-78.301065,-78.300924,-78.300862,-78.300767,-78.300681,-78.30061,-78.300516,-78.300386,-78.299982,-78.299895,-78.299805,-78.299709,-78.299597,-78.299477,-78.299345,-78.2992,-78.298803,-78.297676,-78.297548,-78.297432,-78.297349,-78.297286,-78.297223,-78.29694,-78.296866,-78.296774,-78.296637,-78.296428,-78.296321,-78.296029,-78.295944,-78.295854,-78.295809,-78.295781,-78.295767,-78.295766,-78.29578,-78.295853,-78.295929,-78.295965,-78.296027,-78.296076,-78.296172,-78.29653,-78.296633,-78.29679,-78.296868,-78.297007,-78.297197,-78.297276,-78.297349,-78.297484,-78.297634,-78.297751,-78.297942,-78.298149,-78.298232,-78.298379,-78.298514,-78.298787,-78.299024,-78.29911,-78.299174,-78.299354,-78.299432,-78.29947,-78.299487,-78.299486,-78.299465,-78.299432,-78.299368,-78.299293,-78.299185,-78.299096,-78.298966,-78.298812,-78.298696,-78.298528,-78.298014,-78.297788,-78.298714,-78.29952,-78.300472,-78.302484,-78.304547,-78.306207,-78.307493,-78.307949,-78.309021,-78.309808,-78.31035,-78.310442,-78.31063,-78.311171,-78.311561,-78.312052,-78.313743,-78.316777,-78.317485,-78.317756,-78.31843,-78.318927,-78.319181,-78.319364,-78.320304,-78.320685,-78.321063,-78.321564,-78.321605,-78.322232,-78.322598,-78.322653,-78.322935,-78.323414,-78.323846,-78.324168,-78.324675,-78.325065,-78.325163,-78.325282,-78.326574,-78.326804,-78.327335,-78.327873,-78.328722,-78.329296,-78.329425,-78.331353,-78.331669,-78.332064,-78.332245,-78.332437,-78.333193,-78.333224,-78.33364,-78.333914,-78.333924,-78.33406,-78.335245,-78.335942,-78.337152,-78.338619,-78.340865,-78.342872,-78.343697,-78.344992,-78.345331,-78.345887,-78.347136,-78.347298,-78.348573,-78.348664,-78.349372,-78.349445,-78.349637,-78.349993,-78.350309,-78.350312,-78.350459,-78.350874,-78.351106,-78.351164],"lat":[37.955804,37.955899,37.957888,37.962258,37.963283,37.970859,37.973046,37.973118,37.975997,37.979466,37.979668,37.980943,37.983112,37.983865,37.984113,37.985187,37.985284,37.985657,37.986009,37.986103,37.990953,37.991013,37.991104,37.991842,37.994909,37.996219,37.996638,37.997655,37.999067,37.999364,38.000101,38.002502,38.002767,38.003014,38.003553,38.004158,38.005122,38.005342,38.006364,38.006474,38.006034,38.005312,38.005307,38.005301,38.005166,38.004123,38.003988,38.003845,38.003798,38.003777,38.003334,38.003328,38.003319,38.003208,38.003177,38.003159,38.003047,38.003025,38.002992,38.002934,38.002892,38.002852,38.002628,38.002598,38.002588,38.002525,38.002451,38.002374,38.002131,38.00195,38.001048,38.000243,38.00023,38.000225,38.000216,38.000097,38.000071,38.000054,37.999533,37.999252,37.998334,37.998214,37.997859,37.997846,37.997836,37.997225,37.997179,37.99714,37.996717,37.996652,37.995737,37.995382,37.995343,37.995323,37.995303,37.995145,37.994877,37.994788,37.994699,37.994342,37.99364,37.993322,37.99294,37.992915,37.992746,37.992493,37.99234,37.992297,37.991966,37.99154,37.991345,37.99131,37.991289,37.991283,37.991016,37.9907,37.990642,37.990347,37.990318,37.990314,37.99031,37.990288,37.990269,37.990226,37.990218,37.990159,37.990116,37.98994,37.989449,37.989039,37.988339,37.988308,37.988304,37.988298,37.988282,37.988216,37.988194,37.988188,37.988124,37.98794,37.98764,37.98734,37.986971,37.98694,37.98624,37.98584,37.98544,37.985419,37.985405,37.985358,37.985138,37.985082,37.98483,37.984735,37.984687,37.984639,37.98454,37.98454,37.98444,37.98444,37.98424,37.98412,37.984093,37.98404,37.98394,37.98394,37.983816,37.98379,37.983595,37.983585,37.983578,37.983563,37.983545,37.983539,37.983338,37.983126,37.98304,37.982923,37.982921,37.982919,37.982841,37.98254,37.98224,37.981958,37.98114,37.98104,37.98074,37.98034,37.980179,37.979841,37.97934,37.979256,37.97894,37.978898,37.978858,37.978641,37.978563,37.97855,37.97854,37.976962,37.976686,37.97317,37.972924,37.972788,37.972748,37.972739,37.972732,37.972721,37.972705,37.972688,37.97263,37.972052,37.971542,37.971524,37.971419,37.97135,37.97123,37.970529,37.970462,37.97024,37.970225,37.970142,37.970102,37.969504,37.969431,37.969354,37.969295,37.969208,37.966147,37.96581,37.96545,37.965377,37.965358,37.965351,37.965289,37.965164,37.964857,37.96482,37.964165,37.960568,37.960416,37.959198,37.95744,37.95734,37.956598,37.955705,37.953628,37.953186,37.953129,37.953043,37.952967,37.952876,37.952775,37.952509,37.952429,37.95232,37.952229,37.952127,37.952061,37.95183,37.951698,37.9516,37.951494,37.951397,37.951288,37.951246,37.951191,37.951113,37.951031,37.950948,37.950816,37.950553,37.950078,37.949734,37.949178,37.948768,37.948578,37.948373,37.948085,37.947751,37.947114,37.947008,37.946857,37.946699,37.9466,37.946427,37.94625,37.946052,37.944819,37.944582,37.944415,37.944271,37.944094,37.943863,37.943323,37.942894,37.942624,37.942371,37.941995,37.941782,37.94158,37.941243,37.941005,37.940759,37.940509,37.940192,37.939338,37.93872,37.938672,37.937736,37.937531,37.937358,37.936915,37.936043,37.935794,37.935693,37.935533,37.935412,37.93519,37.935054,37.934969,37.934764,37.934563,37.93379,37.933607,37.933429,37.933323,37.933256,37.933121,37.932951,37.932765,37.932601,37.932327,37.932231,37.932126,37.931,37.930565,37.929926,37.929316,37.929264,37.929129,37.92902,37.928842,37.928672,37.928398,37.928212,37.928062,37.927921,37.927843,37.927723,37.92762,37.927474,37.927201,37.926997,37.926878,37.926742,37.926625,37.926472,37.926342,37.926179,37.925952,37.925603,37.925208,37.924588,37.92446,37.924365,37.924257,37.92415,37.924053,37.924018,37.92386,37.923647,37.923439,37.92342,37.923331,37.923231,37.923119,37.923004,37.922777,37.922734,37.922483,37.922344,37.922224,37.921989,37.921786,37.921713,37.921487,37.921417,37.921358,37.921245,37.921164,37.92111,37.921042,37.921002,37.920963,37.920891,37.920858,37.920814,37.920762,37.92071,37.920603,37.920151,37.919996,37.919957,37.919936,37.919866,37.919847,37.919782,37.919716,37.919634,37.919571,37.919563,37.919551,37.919525,37.919471,37.919412,37.919338,37.919252,37.919063,37.918719,37.918436,37.918242,37.918059,37.917924,37.917845,37.917757,37.917438,37.91737,37.917256,37.917109,37.917067,37.916974,37.91686,37.916839,37.916756,37.916666,37.916522,37.916337,37.915643,37.915386,37.914749,37.914538,37.914414,37.913787,37.912545,37.912298,37.912178,37.910221,37.90978,37.909705,37.909617,37.909556,37.909497,37.909436,37.909383,37.909012,37.908948,37.908872,37.908783,37.908682,37.908522,37.908257,37.907592,37.907067,37.906676,37.906407,37.906273,37.906101,37.905919,37.905552,37.904999,37.904919,37.904875,37.904814,37.904798,37.904745,37.904634,37.904523,37.904356,37.904073,37.903815,37.903689,37.903455,37.903394,37.903346,37.903311,37.90329,37.903287,37.9033,37.903327,37.903368,37.903411,37.903441,37.903475,37.903588,37.904,37.904016,37.904175,37.904371,37.904494,37.90457,37.904661,37.904703,37.904745,37.904768,37.904783,37.904789,37.904781,37.904749,37.90469,37.904617,37.904531,37.904386,37.904299,37.904112,37.903909,37.903648,37.903471,37.903054,37.902945,37.902688,37.902321,37.902024,37.901745,37.901467,37.901045,37.900713,37.900449,37.90025,37.899988,37.899822,37.8996,37.899321,37.899048,37.898781,37.898616,37.898156,37.897916,37.896787,37.896214,37.8959,37.895122,37.895016,37.894749,37.894475,37.894064,37.893829,37.893265,37.892672,37.891123,37.889584,37.889318,37.889048,37.888725,37.888508,37.88829,37.888115,37.887816,37.887561,37.887359,37.886974,37.88499,37.884312,37.883811,37.883552,37.883448,37.883292,37.883033,37.882724,37.882622,37.882469,37.880874,37.880405,37.879978,37.879679,37.879385,37.879116,37.878901,37.878687,37.878377,37.878071,37.877888,37.877595,37.877248,37.876705,37.875692,37.873798,37.873573,37.873319,37.87316,37.872987,37.872724,37.872503,37.872264,37.871999,37.871735,37.871547,37.871324,37.871061,37.870443,37.869152,37.868882,37.868587,37.86809,37.865886,37.865365,37.865101,37.864768,37.864446,37.864158,37.863999,37.863867,37.863215,37.862829,37.861798,37.861486,37.861174,37.86102,37.860227,37.859268,37.858889,37.858739,37.858656,37.858527,37.858367,37.858092,37.857893,37.857859,37.85785,37.857824,37.85774,37.857688,37.857626,37.857506,37.857391,37.857317,37.857263,37.857213,37.857169,37.856962,37.856892,37.856817,37.856546,37.856259,37.856494,37.856685,37.856835,37.85696,37.857218,37.857502,37.858746,37.859414,37.859636,37.859908,37.860015,37.860388,37.860605,37.860868,37.861365,37.861897,37.862497,37.863232,37.863363,37.863957,37.864021,37.864073,37.864105,37.86416,37.8642,37.864381,37.864454,37.864497,37.864537,37.864643,37.865029,37.86513,37.865218,37.865332,37.86546,37.865631,37.865763,37.865935,37.866043,37.866404,37.866598,37.866669,37.866768,37.866858,37.866955,37.867541,37.867884,37.86798,37.868092,37.868228,37.868393,37.868654,37.868749,37.868997,37.869105,37.869201,37.869275,37.869413,37.869505,37.869574,37.869918,37.87037,37.870677,37.870727,37.870753,37.870766,37.870764,37.870708,37.870449,37.870387,37.870342,37.870299,37.87025,37.870177,37.870092,37.869947,37.86965,37.869547,37.869485,37.869435,37.869374,37.869309,37.869257,37.869219,37.869183,37.869121,37.869037,37.869003,37.868984,37.86897,37.868974,37.868987,37.869009,37.869059,37.869135,37.869188,37.869386,37.869446,37.869563,37.86967,37.86977,37.869829,37.869952,37.870016,37.870112,37.870282,37.870646,37.870921,37.871082,37.871384,37.871615,37.872031,37.872215,37.872352,37.872607,37.872688,37.872801,37.873013,37.873251,37.873592,37.873773,37.873844,37.873934,37.874048,37.874138,37.874509,37.874701,37.875432,37.875471,37.875606,37.875819,37.876036,37.876227,37.876392,37.876537,37.876786,37.877477,37.877784,37.878066,37.878348,37.878615,37.878803,37.878967,37.879234,37.879448,37.879618,37.879819,37.879931,37.880744,37.881787,37.882444,37.882674,37.882768,37.883294,37.883628,37.883914,37.884079,37.884199,37.88433,37.884467,37.88459,37.884717,37.884912,37.885141,37.885344,37.885468,37.885504,37.88554,37.886576,37.887045,37.887373,37.887453,37.887653,37.887766,37.887887,37.887983,37.888029,37.888121,37.888254,37.888406,37.888678,37.888933,37.889057,37.88927,37.889369,37.88961,37.88992,37.890179,37.890778,37.891116,37.891624,37.892969,37.893249,37.893552,37.893997,37.894271,37.894575,37.894766,37.895088,37.895156,37.895516,37.895611,37.895716,37.895857,37.897127,37.897694,37.897795,37.898288,37.899715,37.900752,37.901158,37.901357,37.901464,37.901543,37.901615,37.901728,37.901853,37.901981,37.902058,37.902119,37.902142,37.902164,37.902171,37.902158,37.902149,37.902009,37.901909,37.901818,37.901771,37.901771,37.901783,37.901814,37.901838,37.901886,37.901948,37.90202,37.902155,37.902427,37.903384,37.903574,37.903745,37.903892,37.904027,37.904137,37.904238,37.904329,37.904549,37.90516,37.905242,37.905334,37.905415,37.905494,37.905599,37.906259,37.906413,37.906569,37.906764,37.907021,37.907151,37.907539,37.907673,37.907846,37.907989,37.908134,37.90832,37.908421,37.90859,37.908985,37.909466,37.909639,37.909853,37.909978,37.910162,37.910725,37.910895,37.911191,37.911366,37.911741,37.91237,37.912576,37.912724,37.912968,37.913201,37.91336,37.913584,37.913826,37.913941,37.914178,37.914441,37.91502,37.915521,37.915695,37.915824,37.916216,37.916427,37.916596,37.916756,37.916879,37.917048,37.917174,37.917333,37.917469,37.917617,37.917718,37.917841,37.91796,37.918035,37.91813,37.918381,37.918485,37.919653,37.92057,37.921654,37.924345,37.926826,37.928849,37.930489,37.930919,37.931512,37.931736,37.931815,37.93192,37.93182,37.931899,37.932029,37.932318,37.934019,37.937513,37.93787,37.93791,37.938408,37.938481,37.93859,37.938799,37.938972,37.939137,37.939163,37.939196,37.939199,37.939291,37.939344,37.939364,37.939468,37.939645,37.939845,37.939994,37.940229,37.940358,37.940336,37.940426,37.940688,37.940696,37.940714,37.940732,37.940817,37.940874,37.940887,37.940841,37.940888,37.9408,37.940826,37.941,37.941215,37.941224,37.941457,37.94161,37.941616,37.941636,37.942335,37.942746,37.94354,37.944626,37.946552,37.948788,37.949725,37.950749,37.951089,37.951497,37.952837,37.95301,37.953923,37.953936,37.954293,37.954355,37.954518,37.95482,37.954866,37.955048,37.955215,37.955562,37.955756,37.955804]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F4A611","#F89106","#F4A611","#F4A611","#F4A611"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $94,943<br>Census Tract: 203<br>Area Name: Cunningham","Median family income: $71,081<br>Census Tract: 202<br>Area Name: Columbia/Fork Union","Median family income: $92,955<br>Census Tract: 201.03<br>Area Name: Lake Monticello","Median family income: $89,013<br>Census Tract: 201.04<br>Area Name: Rivanna","Median family income: $88,355<br>Census Tract: 201.01<br>Area Name: Palmyra"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.690308,38.006474],"lng":[-78.491345,-78.062481]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The Columbia/Fork Union tract has the lowest median family incomes at
\$71,081. By contrast, the Cunningham tract has the highest median
family income at \$94,943. Relative to the other localities, the
difference between the lowest and highest values is small. On the other
hand, the highest median family income in Fluvanna is much lower than
the highest median family income in Albemarle or Charlottesville.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. As in
other counties, the tract with the lowest median family income in
Fluvanna also has the highest percentage of families making less than
\$35,000 per year.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Fluvanna County

<div id="htmlwidget-01ceb316ac2dce8b92ee" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-01ceb316ac2dce8b92ee">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.491345,-78.490771,-78.490566,-78.490124,-78.48882,-78.488736,-78.488578,-78.488052,-78.487996,-78.487908,-78.484381,-78.481008,-78.480584,-78.476588,-78.473411,-78.472927,-78.469133,-78.468477,-78.467795,-78.467764,-78.467724,-78.467521,-78.46134,-78.461137,-78.461002,-78.460421,-78.460195,-78.459831,-78.456854,-78.455634,-78.455113,-78.455041,-78.454787,-78.45179,-78.449365,-78.446945,-78.446768,-78.446028,-78.445754,-78.440485,-78.440166,-78.439313,-78.439104,-78.439089,-78.439025,-78.438091,-78.433487,-78.431765,-78.425791,-78.425477,-78.425012,-78.423331,-78.42291,-78.4205,-78.420398,-78.419762,-78.415803,-78.414314,-78.414091,-78.413436,-78.413353,-78.413183,-78.412666,-78.411086,-78.40999,-78.408129,-78.406702,-78.403014,-78.402675,-78.402278,-78.401907,-78.401264,-78.400227,-78.397664,-78.397267,-78.396634,-78.396181,-78.388598,-78.388035,-78.387333,-78.387088,-78.385877,-78.38565,-78.383673,-78.382112,-78.382042,-78.381978,-78.379914,-78.379804,-78.379679,-78.378628,-78.378236,-78.373346,-78.372591,-78.371305,-78.367547,-78.367421,-78.366568,-78.366408,-78.366375,-78.366146,-78.365606,-78.365436,-78.364827,-78.364451,-78.364191,-78.363848,-78.363448,-78.363425,-78.362773,-78.362455,-78.362219,-78.362069,-78.36196,-78.361746,-78.361499,-78.360524,-78.360262,-78.360191,-78.360095,-78.359955,-78.359489,-78.359379,-78.35929,-78.359209,-78.359162,-78.358827,-78.358775,-78.358595,-78.358499,-78.358406,-78.358331,-78.35822,-78.358078,-78.357921,-78.357819,-78.357602,-78.357408,-78.357203,-78.356997,-78.356716,-78.356172,-78.355497,-78.354611,-78.354323,-78.354061,-78.353859,-78.353669,-78.353504,-78.353347,-78.35317,-78.353035,-78.352943,-78.352787,-78.352715,-78.352641,-78.352527,-78.352446,-78.352015,-78.351953,-78.351852,-78.351734,-78.351525,-78.351315,-78.351152,-78.350692,-78.349541,-78.349089,-78.348274,-78.347983,-78.347837,-78.347741,-78.347659,-78.347579,-78.347514,-78.347484,-78.347471,-78.347477,-78.347501,-78.347545,-78.347569,-78.347606,-78.347761,-78.347809,-78.347828,-78.347842,-78.347831,-78.347821,-78.34778,-78.347733,-78.347643,-78.347598,-78.347464,-78.347277,-78.346948,-78.346747,-78.346493,-78.346467,-78.346243,-78.346108,-78.345891,-78.345515,-78.34524,-78.344832,-78.344296,-78.344091,-78.344047,-78.343841,-78.343564,-78.343341,-78.342848,-78.342712,-78.34236,-78.342123,-78.341959,-78.341698,-78.341474,-78.34105,-78.340863,-78.340488,-78.340391,-78.340258,-78.339968,-78.339416,-78.339179,-78.339021,-78.338816,-78.338626,-78.338425,-78.338094,-78.338027,-78.337873,-78.336832,-78.336335,-78.335904,-78.335565,-78.335179,-78.334058,-78.333605,-78.333289,-78.332996,-78.33257,-78.332402,-78.331923,-78.33136,-78.331148,-78.330799,-78.330531,-78.330257,-78.329963,-78.329485,-78.329167,-78.328996,-78.328841,-78.328769,-78.328728,-78.328651,-78.328535,-78.32846,-78.328418,-78.328357,-78.328332,-78.32823,-78.328181,-78.328123,-78.328048,-78.32797,-78.327926,-78.327878,-78.327741,-78.327617,-78.327509,-78.327392,-78.32732,-78.327143,-78.326915,-78.3267,-78.326501,-78.326078,-78.325203,-78.323936,-78.323707,-78.323391,-78.323146,-78.321786,-78.321358,-78.321193,-78.321002,-78.321003,-78.321059,-78.320947,-78.320844,-78.320764,-78.320691,-78.320699,-78.320745,-78.320927,-78.321228,-78.321468,-78.321496,-78.321533,-78.321545,-78.321543,-78.321512,-78.321484,-78.321446,-78.321402,-78.321373,-78.321362,-78.321366,-78.321423,-78.321433,-78.321426,-78.321407,-78.321368,-78.321299,-78.321211,-78.321144,-78.321123,-78.320693,-78.320585,-78.320395,-78.320337,-78.320244,-78.32015,-78.320059,-78.31978,-78.31923,-78.318864,-78.318509,-78.31829,-78.318105,-78.317459,-78.317164,-78.316804,-78.316099,-78.315687,-78.315121,-78.314804,-78.314261,-78.313578,-78.313267,-78.31306,-78.312899,-78.312508,-78.312299,-78.311936,-78.311513,-78.310984,-78.310683,-78.309685,-78.309402,-78.308953,-78.308587,-78.308374,-78.308144,-78.307932,-78.30757,-78.307313,-78.30696,-78.306207,-78.305541,-78.30525,-78.305084,-78.304923,-78.304771,-78.304655,-78.304574,-78.304489,-78.304341,-78.303901,-78.303666,-78.303499,-78.303323,-78.303177,-78.303015,-78.302764,-78.302263,-78.300006,-78.299426,-78.299269,-78.299113,-78.298959,-78.298781,-78.297949,-78.296741,-78.295819,-78.295617,-78.295301,-78.294775,-78.294506,-78.294183,-78.293885,-78.293285,-78.293033,-78.292276,-78.291841,-78.291528,-78.291318,-78.29116,-78.290665,-78.289886,-78.289749,-78.289603,-78.289414,-78.289254,-78.288724,-78.287649,-78.287336,-78.286863,-78.286545,-78.286179,-78.285878,-78.285573,-78.285313,-78.284997,-78.283695,-78.283326,-78.283174,-78.282969,-78.282522,-78.281124,-78.280777,-78.280433,-78.280295,-78.280127,-78.279967,-78.27875,-78.278481,-78.276991,-78.275747,-78.274667,-78.273689,-78.27319,-78.272814,-78.272215,-78.272041,-78.271636,-78.271322,-78.270421,-78.268767,-78.268431,-78.268097,-78.267961,-78.267839,-78.267714,-78.267571,-78.267692,-78.267977,-78.268411,-78.268786,-78.26917,-78.269408,-78.269825,-78.270178,-78.270842,-78.27107,-78.271212,-78.271374,-78.271477,-78.271621,-78.271679,-78.27172,-78.27176,-78.271792,-78.271803,-78.271805,-78.27181,-78.271812,-78.271818,-78.27182,-78.271836,-78.271863,-78.271899,-78.271946,-78.27214,-78.272313,-78.272529,-78.272624,-78.272703,-78.272777,-78.272911,-78.272954,-78.272977,-78.273041,-78.273119,-78.273145,-78.273168,-78.273243,-78.273288,-78.273485,-78.27366,-78.273981,-78.274015,-78.274045,-78.274073,-78.27408,-78.274068,-78.274037,-78.273989,-78.273923,-78.273839,-78.273735,-78.27358,-78.273407,-78.27289,-78.272685,-78.272376,-78.272098,-78.272135,-78.272193,-78.272236,-78.272259,-78.272271,-78.272271,-78.272281,-78.27231,-78.272435,-78.272876,-78.273032,-78.273068,-78.273188,-78.273211,-78.273216,-78.273202,-78.273171,-78.273082,-78.272857,-78.272645,-78.273019,-78.274071,-78.275015,-78.277034,-78.27742,-78.277871,-78.27822,-78.278756,-78.279393,-78.280085,-78.280764,-78.281169,-78.28144,-78.28171,-78.281978,-78.282243,-78.282529,-78.282707,-78.283391,-78.28452,-78.285522,-78.286111,-78.286453,-78.286886,-78.288561,-78.289018,-78.28934,-78.289478,-78.289497,-78.289631,-78.289779,-78.290163,-78.290674,-78.291348,-78.291528,-78.29229,-78.292975,-78.293289,-78.293383,-78.293545,-78.293716,-78.293893,-78.294437,-78.2952,-78.295647,-78.295894,-78.296244,-78.296519,-78.29694,-78.297711,-78.297952,-78.298144,-78.298281,-78.29836,-78.298911,-78.299209,-78.299506,-78.299889,-78.300185,-78.300317,-78.300461,-78.300616,-78.300745,-78.30088,-78.301062,-78.301378,-78.302748,-78.303219,-78.304485,-78.306119,-78.306491,-78.307654,-78.30921,-78.310737,-78.310996,-78.31165,-78.312814,-78.313484,-78.313638,-78.31397,-78.314331,-78.314628,-78.315047,-78.316184,-78.318798,-78.320976,-78.321573,-78.3218,-78.322129,-78.322371,-78.3226,-78.32281,-78.322914,-78.323032,-78.323986,-78.324372,-78.324728,-78.325086,-78.325904,-78.326071,-78.326162,-78.326228,-78.326094,-78.325937,-78.32566,-78.325482,-78.325143,-78.324694,-78.324278,-78.324172,-78.324136,-78.324085,-78.324044,-78.324028,-78.324026,-78.324031,-78.323721,-78.323421,-78.323184,-78.322892,-78.32261,-78.32239,-78.322174,-78.321963,-78.321708,-78.321512,-78.32137,-78.321108,-78.320903,-78.320711,-78.320576,-78.320531,-78.320366,-78.320211,-78.320071,-78.319948,-78.319841,-78.319511,-78.3192,-78.318455,-78.318369,-78.31806,-78.317795,-78.317474,-78.317211,-78.316715,-78.316102,-78.315408,-78.314659,-78.314281,-78.314098,-78.31393,-78.31385,-78.313749,-78.313685,-78.313646,-78.313608,-78.313595,-78.313596,-78.313602,-78.31364,-78.313696,-78.313769,-78.313848,-78.313968,-78.314102,-78.314254,-78.314667,-78.315242,-78.315962,-78.316295,-78.316501,-78.316768,-78.31691,-78.317062,-78.317137,-78.317214,-78.317272,-78.317298,-78.31731,-78.317303,-78.317284,-78.317217,-78.317163,-78.317067,-78.316993,-78.316882,-78.316694,-78.316513,-78.316317,-78.315532,-78.313061,-78.312734,-78.311482,-78.311322,-78.311159,-78.311114,-78.311004,-78.310597,-78.310278,-78.309893,-78.309555,-78.309283,-78.308924,-78.308589,-78.308228,-78.307355,-78.305936,-78.305419,-78.305071,-78.30353,-78.302872,-78.302217,-78.301276,-78.30089,-78.300308,-78.299979,-78.299711,-78.299185,-78.299294,-78.299313,-78.299314,-78.299297,-78.299263,-78.299213,-78.298762,-78.298478,-78.298159,-78.297728,-78.295737,-78.294736,-78.29439,-78.29427,-78.294083,-78.293923,-78.293761,-78.293599,-78.293471,-78.293345,-78.292927,-78.292788,-78.292693,-78.292597,-78.292483,-78.292394,-78.292314,-78.292175,-78.291997,-78.291775,-78.291186,-78.290772,-78.290469,-78.290304,-78.290123,-78.289887,-78.289723,-78.289311,-78.289276,-78.28914,-78.28895,-78.288801,-78.288662,-78.288487,-78.288323,-78.28814,-78.287886,-78.287654,-78.287596,-78.287467,-78.287378,-78.287272,-78.287062,-78.28678,-78.286481,-78.286343,-78.286029,-78.285429,-78.285177,-78.284995,-78.284456,-78.284268,-78.284456,-78.28466,-78.284812,-78.28499,-78.285153,-78.285923,-78.286321,-78.28647,-78.28658,-78.286672,-78.286776,-78.286856,-78.287014,-78.287334,-78.287548,-78.287848,-78.288043,-78.288163,-78.288512,-78.288581,-78.288783,-78.288814,-78.289016,-78.289125,-78.289261,-78.289789,-78.289984,-78.290017,-78.290075,-78.290308,-78.290589,-78.290717,-78.290949,-78.291176,-78.291294,-78.291358,-78.291428,-78.291607,-78.291788,-78.291957,-78.292104,-78.29218,-78.292308,-78.29244,-78.292589,-78.292748,-78.29292,-78.293047,-78.293148,-78.293564,-78.295057,-78.295264,-78.295473,-78.295542,-78.295934,-78.296111,-78.296315,-78.296552,-78.296685,-78.296906,-78.297031,-78.297147,-78.297288,-78.29737,-78.29745,-78.297501,-78.297534,-78.297542,-78.297529,-78.297504,-78.297435,-78.297411,-78.297401,-78.297405,-78.297424,-78.297495,-78.297571,-78.297625,-78.297689,-78.297828,-78.297973,-78.298207,-78.299029,-78.299277,-78.299492,-78.300897,-78.300982,-78.301142,-78.301284,-78.301355,-78.301409,-78.301518,-78.301648,-78.301755,-78.301859,-78.301944,-78.301968,-78.301988,-78.302005,-78.302072,-78.302115,-78.302202,-78.302299,-78.302403,-78.302412,-78.302422,-78.302604,-78.303823,-78.30388,-78.304177,-78.304474,-78.30461,-78.304747,-78.305223,-78.305567,-78.306045,-78.306523,-78.306623,-78.307063,-78.308424,-78.310025,-78.310925,-78.312025,-78.312925,-78.314125,-78.315025,-78.315925,-78.316825,-78.317825,-78.319225,-78.320925,-78.321061,-78.321074,-78.321099,-78.321525,-78.321608,-78.322082,-78.322096,-78.32211,-78.322123,-78.32219,-78.323425,-78.324226,-78.3243,-78.324336,-78.324387,-78.324725,-78.32495,-78.326225,-78.326512,-78.32654,-78.326566,-78.327325,-78.328684,-78.328825,-78.328925,-78.329025,-78.329525,-78.330425,-78.330521,-78.33064,-78.330757,-78.331025,-78.331625,-78.331725,-78.332019,-78.332225,-78.332344,-78.332925,-78.333225,-78.333344,-78.334027,-78.334066,-78.334391,-78.334501,-78.334612,-78.33475,-78.334874,-78.335061,-78.335434,-78.335621,-78.33605,-78.336333,-78.336527,-78.336782,-78.337328,-78.33766,-78.337985,-78.338089,-78.338386,-78.338842,-78.339015,-78.33981,-78.339949,-78.340087,-78.340605,-78.34142,-78.341552,-78.34178,-78.342499,-78.342693,-78.343018,-78.343184,-78.343951,-78.344228,-78.344566,-78.344787,-78.344836,-78.345133,-78.34517,-78.345223,-78.345417,-78.345555,-78.345894,-78.346032,-78.346191,-78.3468,-78.346924,-78.347042,-78.347588,-78.347954,-78.348092,-78.348445,-78.348567,-78.348777,-78.348873,-78.34897,-78.349335,-78.349596,-78.350271,-78.350885,-78.351449,-78.351572,-78.352077,-78.352166,-78.352496,-78.353109,-78.35365,-78.353787,-78.353906,-78.354585,-78.354676,-78.355312,-78.355803,-78.355864,-78.35594,-78.355996,-78.356203,-78.356929,-78.357739,-78.357905,-78.358088,-78.358098,-78.358219,-78.358299,-78.358358,-78.35843,-78.358631,-78.35884,-78.359032,-78.359529,-78.359827,-78.360159,-78.360663,-78.360788,-78.361147,-78.361334,-78.361474,-78.361495,-78.361569,-78.361763,-78.361894,-78.362192,-78.362282,-78.362385,-78.362662,-78.362725,-78.362759,-78.362787,-78.36287,-78.363188,-78.363334,-78.363368,-78.363431,-78.363541,-78.363645,-78.363949,-78.363991,-78.364233,-78.364482,-78.364545,-78.364556,-78.364605,-78.364676,-78.364822,-78.364945,-78.365281,-78.36533,-78.365395,-78.365491,-78.365616,-78.365775,-78.366128,-78.366171,-78.366228,-78.366328,-78.366369,-78.367089,-78.367248,-78.367994,-78.368872,-78.36901,-78.369467,-78.369557,-78.36966,-78.369868,-78.370201,-78.370421,-78.370539,-78.370843,-78.371175,-78.371984,-78.372461,-78.372648,-78.37298,-78.373182,-78.3732,-78.373304,-78.37357,-78.373836,-78.373906,-78.374017,-78.374169,-78.374252,-78.374725,-78.375057,-78.375472,-78.37549,-78.375623,-78.375762,-78.376852,-78.376923,-78.377234,-78.377476,-78.377638,-78.377787,-78.378223,-78.378617,-78.37864,-78.378797,-78.378866,-78.378894,-78.378963,-78.379039,-78.379122,-78.379724,-78.379751,-78.380104,-78.380297,-78.381355,-78.381556,-78.381742,-78.38224,-78.383091,-78.383418,-78.383444,-78.383837,-78.384086,-78.384106,-78.384149,-78.384168,-78.38448,-78.385096,-78.385462,-78.386312,-78.386837,-78.386829,-78.38699,-78.387657,-78.387698,-78.387786,-78.387914,-78.388247,-78.388453,-78.388538,-78.388619,-78.388785,-78.388948,-78.389031,-78.389398,-78.389729,-78.389877,-78.390004,-78.390007,-78.390101,-78.390294,-78.390581,-78.390632,-78.390643,-78.391328,-78.391529,-78.391662,-78.391839,-78.391883,-78.391971,-78.392192,-78.392281,-78.39247,-78.392635,-78.392679,-78.392988,-78.393076,-78.39312,-78.393164,-78.393208,-78.393251,-78.393384,-78.393558,-78.393732,-78.393819,-78.393862,-78.394036,-78.394079,-78.394225,-78.39428,-78.394499,-78.394676,-78.395029,-78.395117,-78.395297,-78.395329,-78.395385,-78.395922,-78.396011,-78.3961,-78.396144,-78.396814,-78.396902,-78.396992,-78.397036,-78.397126,-78.397217,-78.397761,-78.398397,-78.398446,-78.39861,-78.398626,-78.398697,-78.399021,-78.399551,-78.399731,-78.399803,-78.399886,-78.400295,-78.400567,-78.400793,-78.401196,-78.401464,-78.402122,-78.402254,-78.402561,-78.402919,-78.40301,-78.403192,-78.403554,-78.403732,-78.403995,-78.404604,-78.405292,-78.405455,-78.405596,-78.405682,-78.405758,-78.405978,-78.406036,-78.4062,-78.40656,-78.406931,-78.407352,-78.407481,-78.407652,-78.407676,-78.407734,-78.407889,-78.407946,-78.408085,-78.408266,-78.408278,-78.408392,-78.408472,-78.408549,-78.408619,-78.408746,-78.40885,-78.408974,-78.409271,-78.409603,-78.409921,-78.410246,-78.411145,-78.411456,-78.41185,-78.412424,-78.412507,-78.412735,-78.41286,-78.412991,-78.413434,-78.414374,-78.414796,-78.416095,-78.416441,-78.416759,-78.417347,-78.4179,-78.41855,-78.418819,-78.419338,-78.419555,-78.419974,-78.420099,-78.420555,-78.420928,-78.420998,-78.42117,-78.422111,-78.422201,-78.422339,-78.423072,-78.424254,-78.424579,-78.424665,-78.424826,-78.42489,-78.425741,-78.427552,-78.42805,-78.429488,-78.429654,-78.429861,-78.429894,-78.430103,-78.43077,-78.430899,-78.431659,-78.433768,-78.434273,-78.4349,-78.435193,-78.435656,-78.435801,-78.436092,-78.436327,-78.436861,-78.436885,-78.436956,-78.437101,-78.437398,-78.437723,-78.438014,-78.43818,-78.438429,-78.438498,-78.438648,-78.43883,-78.438966,-78.438984,-78.439093,-78.439307,-78.439466,-78.439528,-78.439549,-78.439542,-78.439487,-78.439203,-78.439093,-78.439086,-78.439155,-78.439231,-78.440068,-78.440136,-78.440245,-78.440434,-78.440994,-78.441368,-78.441928,-78.442288,-78.442599,-78.442862,-78.44313,-78.443283,-78.443505,-78.443733,-78.44377,-78.443786,-78.443837,-78.443836,-78.444106,-78.444202,-78.44432,-78.444811,-78.445074,-78.445337,-78.445648,-78.445834,-78.446339,-78.446485,-78.446713,-78.447252,-78.44757,-78.447854,-78.447909,-78.448317,-78.448691,-78.448729,-78.44903,-78.449182,-78.44987,-78.450274,-78.450363,-78.450887,-78.451308,-78.451728,-78.45228,-78.453016,-78.453792,-78.454772,-78.455752,-78.456866,-78.457972,-78.458821,-78.459812,-78.460201,-78.460919,-78.461544,-78.462199,-78.462225,-78.462238,-78.46247,-78.462946,-78.463499,-78.464149,-78.464947,-78.465176,-78.465779,-78.465936,-78.466641,-78.467063,-78.4677,-78.467795,-78.467806,-78.468742,-78.469008,-78.469212,-78.469415,-78.46943,-78.469587,-78.470155,-78.470589,-78.470597,-78.47065,-78.470751,-78.471028,-78.471644,-78.472339,-78.473313,-78.473728,-78.474082,-78.474253,-78.474577,-78.475001,-78.475799,-78.476609,-78.477345,-78.477904,-78.478597,-78.479955,-78.480593,-78.480656,-78.480818,-78.480871,-78.481194,-78.481262,-78.481287,-78.481329,-78.481681,-78.482268,-78.482555,-78.482872,-78.482897,-78.483019,-78.483335,-78.483732,-78.484161,-78.484576,-78.484687,-78.485228,-78.485718,-78.485817,-78.486435,-78.486707,-78.487031,-78.48789,-78.488687,-78.489105,-78.489412,-78.490135,-78.491027,-78.491345],"lat":[37.796956,37.797588,37.797935,37.798417,37.799836,37.799927,37.800099,37.800674,37.800735,37.80083,37.804676,37.808521,37.809004,37.813564,37.817097,37.81764,37.821873,37.822604,37.823377,37.823414,37.823454,37.823688,37.830705,37.830936,37.831088,37.831748,37.832005,37.832418,37.835798,37.837186,37.837774,37.837857,37.838144,37.841546,37.8443,37.847045,37.847246,37.848087,37.848398,37.854378,37.854742,37.85571,37.855948,37.855964,37.856038,37.8571,37.86233,37.864285,37.871066,37.871422,37.871949,37.873857,37.874335,37.87707,37.877186,37.877908,37.882399,37.884088,37.884341,37.885085,37.88518,37.885372,37.885959,37.887753,37.889004,37.891109,37.89273,37.896916,37.897301,37.897752,37.898173,37.898902,37.900089,37.90299,37.903441,37.904159,37.904673,37.913294,37.913919,37.91472,37.914995,37.916369,37.916628,37.918873,37.920644,37.920724,37.920797,37.923141,37.923265,37.923405,37.924596,37.92504,37.930582,37.931437,37.932901,37.937175,37.937318,37.938288,37.93806,37.938012,37.937668,37.936839,37.936572,37.935613,37.935022,37.934649,37.934201,37.933701,37.933672,37.932872,37.932479,37.932185,37.931988,37.931823,37.931464,37.931015,37.929297,37.928874,37.928774,37.928652,37.928487,37.927978,37.927838,37.927684,37.927501,37.927362,37.926139,37.925952,37.925315,37.925022,37.924818,37.924685,37.924521,37.924348,37.924184,37.92409,37.92392,37.923789,37.92367,37.923571,37.923455,37.923257,37.923024,37.922717,37.922606,37.922485,37.922378,37.922266,37.922155,37.922036,37.921883,37.921753,37.921643,37.921457,37.921358,37.921247,37.921044,37.920876,37.919851,37.919707,37.919509,37.919316,37.918995,37.918692,37.918469,37.917836,37.916223,37.915584,37.914437,37.914017,37.913801,37.913631,37.913453,37.913233,37.912968,37.912776,37.912544,37.912346,37.912149,37.911881,37.911665,37.91143,37.910585,37.910272,37.910121,37.909898,37.909598,37.909498,37.909297,37.909139,37.908912,37.9088,37.908513,37.908157,37.907592,37.907274,37.906924,37.906889,37.906599,37.906432,37.906167,37.90574,37.905442,37.905017,37.904461,37.904254,37.904211,37.904014,37.903766,37.903588,37.903188,37.903077,37.90279,37.902589,37.902442,37.902174,37.901909,37.901351,37.901093,37.900591,37.900473,37.900313,37.900006,37.89947,37.899265,37.899143,37.899006,37.898899,37.898804,37.898678,37.898657,37.898613,37.898345,37.898222,37.898114,37.898034,37.897954,37.897734,37.897627,37.897533,37.897435,37.897273,37.8972,37.896994,37.896732,37.896625,37.896424,37.896258,37.896064,37.895842,37.895448,37.89517,37.894994,37.89481,37.894714,37.894657,37.894529,37.894311,37.894137,37.894004,37.893738,37.893532,37.892353,37.891947,37.891586,37.891237,37.890967,37.890842,37.890718,37.890416,37.890181,37.889994,37.889814,37.889703,37.889456,37.889172,37.888927,37.888723,37.88833,37.887552,37.886414,37.886221,37.885973,37.885796,37.884904,37.884487,37.884399,37.88433,37.884199,37.884079,37.883914,37.883628,37.883294,37.882768,37.882674,37.882444,37.881787,37.880744,37.879931,37.879819,37.879618,37.879448,37.879234,37.878967,37.878803,37.878615,37.878348,37.878066,37.877784,37.877477,37.876786,37.876537,37.876392,37.876227,37.876036,37.875819,37.875606,37.875471,37.875432,37.874701,37.874509,37.874138,37.874048,37.873934,37.873844,37.873773,37.873592,37.873251,37.873013,37.872801,37.872688,37.872607,37.872352,37.872215,37.872031,37.871615,37.871384,37.871082,37.870921,37.870646,37.870282,37.870112,37.870016,37.869952,37.869829,37.86977,37.86967,37.869563,37.869446,37.869386,37.869188,37.869135,37.869059,37.869009,37.868987,37.868974,37.86897,37.868984,37.869003,37.869037,37.869121,37.869183,37.869219,37.869257,37.869309,37.869374,37.869435,37.869485,37.869547,37.86965,37.869947,37.870092,37.870177,37.87025,37.870299,37.870342,37.870387,37.870449,37.870708,37.870764,37.870766,37.870753,37.870727,37.870677,37.87037,37.869918,37.869574,37.869505,37.869413,37.869275,37.869201,37.869105,37.868997,37.868749,37.868654,37.868393,37.868228,37.868092,37.86798,37.867884,37.867541,37.866955,37.866858,37.866768,37.866669,37.866598,37.866404,37.866043,37.865935,37.865763,37.865631,37.86546,37.865332,37.865218,37.86513,37.865029,37.864643,37.864537,37.864497,37.864454,37.864381,37.8642,37.86416,37.864105,37.864073,37.864021,37.863957,37.863363,37.863232,37.862497,37.861897,37.861365,37.860868,37.860605,37.860388,37.860015,37.859908,37.859636,37.859414,37.858746,37.857502,37.857218,37.85696,37.856835,37.856685,37.856494,37.856259,37.856205,37.85607,37.855817,37.855569,37.855303,37.855061,37.854562,37.854042,37.853074,37.852741,37.852517,37.852231,37.852013,37.851632,37.851439,37.85126,37.850999,37.850671,37.850378,37.850056,37.849425,37.849301,37.849097,37.849044,37.848382,37.847863,37.847457,37.847108,37.84585,37.844753,37.843326,37.84276,37.842232,37.84175,37.840882,37.84061,37.840462,37.840061,37.839566,37.839409,37.839265,37.838797,37.83852,37.837246,37.836122,37.83404,37.833819,37.833603,37.833278,37.833026,37.832743,37.832461,37.832185,37.831915,37.831648,37.831389,37.83105,37.830716,37.829739,37.829353,37.828785,37.82827,37.82824,37.828178,37.828109,37.82805,37.827989,37.827853,37.827705,37.827559,37.82712,37.825838,37.825396,37.82529,37.824864,37.824719,37.824572,37.824425,37.82428,37.824021,37.823454,37.822958,37.823015,37.823212,37.823386,37.823761,37.823832,37.823898,37.823932,37.823967,37.823998,37.824001,37.824005,37.824009,37.824006,37.823988,37.823955,37.823908,37.82384,37.823788,37.823553,37.823146,37.822797,37.822622,37.822535,37.822438,37.822081,37.821975,37.82189,37.821846,37.821839,37.821788,37.821721,37.821521,37.821238,37.820842,37.820742,37.820322,37.819944,37.819771,37.819725,37.819659,37.819606,37.819568,37.819497,37.819394,37.819324,37.819276,37.819196,37.819122,37.818983,37.818707,37.818606,37.818508,37.818426,37.818375,37.81797,37.817737,37.817493,37.817159,37.816886,37.816784,37.816693,37.816613,37.816558,37.816511,37.81646,37.816371,37.816,37.815866,37.815523,37.815066,37.814969,37.814655,37.814228,37.813813,37.813739,37.813564,37.813242,37.813067,37.813026,37.81293,37.812808,37.81269,37.812503,37.812,37.81085,37.809898,37.80962,37.809499,37.809308,37.809148,37.808978,37.808802,37.808702,37.808589,37.807544,37.807098,37.806668,37.806221,37.805255,37.805032,37.804903,37.804833,37.804792,37.80476,37.804728,37.804693,37.804595,37.804443,37.804273,37.804221,37.804197,37.80415,37.804083,37.804022,37.803985,37.803843,37.803809,37.803762,37.803714,37.803642,37.803553,37.803473,37.803386,37.80329,37.803159,37.803047,37.802959,37.802774,37.80261,37.802436,37.802299,37.802253,37.802062,37.80186,37.80165,37.801434,37.801212,37.80037,37.799538,37.797596,37.79739,37.796732,37.796232,37.795684,37.795247,37.794431,37.793417,37.792239,37.791012,37.790369,37.790029,37.789677,37.789486,37.789164,37.788891,37.788672,37.788359,37.788112,37.788092,37.787865,37.787438,37.787146,37.786857,37.786605,37.786308,37.786033,37.785763,37.785112,37.784241,37.783135,37.782631,37.782311,37.781893,37.781664,37.781365,37.781195,37.780964,37.780731,37.780539,37.780297,37.780056,37.779881,37.779585,37.779408,37.779174,37.779028,37.778847,37.778579,37.778354,37.778138,37.777335,37.774817,37.774474,37.773206,37.773055,37.7729,37.772862,37.772768,37.772433,37.772195,37.771939,37.771736,37.771585,37.771411,37.771254,37.771097,37.770759,37.770232,37.77004,37.76991,37.769336,37.769093,37.768846,37.768499,37.768356,37.768125,37.767976,37.767843,37.767571,37.76742,37.767365,37.767307,37.767251,37.7672,37.767158,37.766882,37.766719,37.766557,37.766352,37.765424,37.764957,37.764815,37.764776,37.764734,37.764713,37.764706,37.764714,37.764729,37.764754,37.764879,37.764919,37.764934,37.764935,37.764917,37.764887,37.764845,37.764732,37.764579,37.764389,37.763869,37.763471,37.763163,37.76297,37.762733,37.762448,37.762234,37.761647,37.761587,37.761325,37.760843,37.760419,37.760001,37.759542,37.759136,37.758772,37.758339,37.758012,37.757941,37.757786,37.757695,37.757596,37.757413,37.757189,37.756944,37.756819,37.756527,37.755932,37.755678,37.755495,37.754947,37.754725,37.754612,37.754471,37.754352,37.754194,37.754026,37.75308,37.752586,37.75237,37.752182,37.751989,37.751711,37.751443,37.750824,37.74952,37.748671,37.747448,37.746807,37.746452,37.745519,37.745364,37.744947,37.744885,37.744542,37.744362,37.744155,37.743357,37.743063,37.743013,37.742926,37.742571,37.742142,37.741942,37.741535,37.741064,37.740799,37.740632,37.740387,37.739646,37.738858,37.738167,37.737612,37.737382,37.737062,37.736782,37.736508,37.736248,37.736011,37.735858,37.735747,37.735317,37.733944,37.733754,37.733537,37.733459,37.733012,37.732785,37.732494,37.732119,37.731891,37.731455,37.73116,37.730866,37.730417,37.730109,37.729722,37.729377,37.72893,37.728667,37.728245,37.727905,37.727262,37.7269,37.726554,37.726383,37.726176,37.725705,37.725347,37.725147,37.724949,37.724584,37.724255,37.723745,37.722006,37.721549,37.721173,37.718806,37.718663,37.718361,37.718053,37.717838,37.717619,37.716928,37.715985,37.715247,37.714457,37.713852,37.713682,37.713546,37.713432,37.712968,37.712676,37.712042,37.711349,37.710602,37.710532,37.710463,37.710445,37.710143,37.710131,37.710067,37.710003,37.709974,37.709945,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709843,37.709892,37.710043,37.710443,37.710743,37.711043,37.711343,37.711843,37.712143,37.712343,37.712743,37.713043,37.713443,37.713943,37.713966,37.713968,37.713972,37.714043,37.71406,37.71416,37.714163,37.714166,37.714169,37.714183,37.714443,37.714565,37.714577,37.714582,37.71459,37.714643,37.714703,37.715043,37.715069,37.715072,37.715074,37.715143,37.715596,37.715643,37.715643,37.715643,37.715743,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715843,37.715643,37.715643,37.715584,37.715543,37.715543,37.715543,37.715643,37.715643,37.715787,37.715795,37.715866,37.715916,37.715948,37.715976,37.715987,37.715981,37.716064,37.716086,37.716157,37.716245,37.716338,37.716431,37.716607,37.7167,37.716821,37.71687,37.717074,37.717299,37.717364,37.717727,37.717782,37.717825,37.717952,37.718197,37.718237,37.718325,37.718506,37.718539,37.718638,37.718676,37.718808,37.718846,37.718939,37.719054,37.719093,37.719433,37.719464,37.71951,37.719598,37.719691,37.719977,37.72007,37.720163,37.720476,37.720525,37.720586,37.720663,37.720739,37.720756,37.720712,37.720708,37.720701,37.720717,37.720756,37.720998,37.721046,37.721314,37.721559,37.721903,37.721978,37.722462,37.722547,37.722701,37.722987,37.723239,37.723303,37.723402,37.723965,37.724041,37.724786,37.725178,37.725179,37.725196,37.725223,37.72541,37.725942,37.726716,37.726848,37.726962,37.726968,37.727031,37.727073,37.7271,37.727133,37.727204,37.72727,37.727331,37.727418,37.727484,37.727572,37.727731,37.727786,37.727923,37.728022,37.728113,37.728127,37.728175,37.728323,37.72845,37.728691,37.728779,37.728927,37.729273,37.729416,37.729548,37.7298,37.730031,37.730393,37.730637,37.730695,37.730777,37.730892,37.730975,37.731156,37.731194,37.731353,37.731474,37.731495,37.731499,37.731515,37.731538,37.731587,37.731628,37.731783,37.731806,37.731836,37.731869,37.731897,37.731918,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731946,37.731948,37.731989,37.731984,37.731912,37.73178,37.731769,37.731796,37.731812,37.731856,37.731972,37.732044,37.732092,37.732131,37.732268,37.732372,37.732569,37.73264,37.732679,37.732777,37.732851,37.732858,37.732896,37.732994,37.733092,37.733117,37.733183,37.733287,37.733326,37.733371,37.733454,37.733583,37.733589,37.733631,37.733674,37.733921,37.733938,37.733999,37.734032,37.734046,37.734059,37.734054,37.734021,37.734008,37.733917,37.733901,37.733906,37.733956,37.733978,37.733967,37.733797,37.733794,37.733748,37.733737,37.733743,37.733754,37.733743,37.733688,37.733667,37.733614,37.73361,37.733546,37.733558,37.733561,37.733569,37.733574,37.733651,37.733746,37.733783,37.733822,37.733884,37.733929,37.733951,37.734028,37.73404,37.734056,37.734089,37.734196,37.734267,37.73429,37.73432,37.734373,37.734432,37.734458,37.734589,37.734696,37.734748,37.734793,37.734719,37.734741,37.734785,37.734835,37.734844,37.734883,37.734994,37.735027,37.735037,37.735029,37.735034,37.735028,37.735026,37.73503,37.735027,37.735025,37.735021,37.735013,37.735006,37.73501,37.735009,37.735002,37.735008,37.735003,37.734987,37.734988,37.734978,37.734983,37.734966,37.734971,37.73496,37.734962,37.734945,37.734943,37.734929,37.734922,37.734921,37.734919,37.734916,37.734902,37.734894,37.734893,37.734889,37.734872,37.734863,37.734863,37.734859,37.734859,37.734864,37.734915,37.734954,37.734955,37.734958,37.734959,37.734963,37.734981,37.734999,37.735005,37.735007,37.73501,37.73502,37.735017,37.735008,37.73497,37.734933,37.734799,37.734777,37.734717,37.734673,37.734668,37.734678,37.734708,37.734736,37.734786,37.734922,37.735109,37.735173,37.735263,37.735345,37.73543,37.735734,37.735788,37.73591,37.736152,37.736402,37.73668,37.736779,37.736942,37.736971,37.737023,37.737195,37.737247,37.737428,37.737713,37.737747,37.737977,37.738105,37.73818,37.738176,37.738191,37.738235,37.738273,37.738339,37.738394,37.738433,37.738449,37.738433,37.738439,37.738466,37.738543,37.738543,37.738505,37.738505,37.738527,37.738675,37.738972,37.73906,37.739362,37.73945,37.739544,37.739742,37.739912,37.740082,37.74011,37.740115,37.740102,37.740077,37.740083,37.740138,37.740198,37.740209,37.740237,37.740451,37.740478,37.740533,37.740874,37.741324,37.741462,37.741503,37.741579,37.74161,37.742044,37.742791,37.743038,37.743791,37.743864,37.743955,37.743969,37.744061,37.744354,37.744411,37.744735,37.745587,37.745823,37.746164,37.746323,37.746608,37.746718,37.746993,37.74724,37.747916,37.747946,37.748036,37.74819,37.748448,37.748689,37.748876,37.748964,37.749057,37.749079,37.749126,37.749184,37.749218,37.749223,37.74925,37.749283,37.749299,37.749283,37.749233,37.749184,37.749145,37.74903,37.748964,37.748915,37.748904,37.748904,37.749046,37.749059,37.749081,37.749118,37.749266,37.749343,37.749349,37.749398,37.749491,37.74959,37.749695,37.749755,37.749859,37.749996,37.750041,37.75006,37.750123,37.750143,37.750354,37.750429,37.7505,37.750769,37.750873,37.75095,37.751022,37.751044,37.751164,37.751208,37.751296,37.751538,37.751609,37.751626,37.751642,37.751895,37.752098,37.752116,37.752785,37.752899,37.753419,37.753767,37.753844,37.75426,37.75462,37.754908,37.75513,37.755383,37.755596,37.755928,37.756172,37.7566,37.757125,37.757393,37.757726,37.7579,37.75838,37.758787,37.759122,37.759134,37.75914,37.759243,37.759455,37.759782,37.7602,37.760846,37.761017,37.761486,37.761619,37.762197,37.762552,37.763129,37.763239,37.763251,37.764276,37.764568,37.764783,37.764998,37.765016,37.765206,37.765889,37.766511,37.766522,37.766596,37.766741,37.767137,37.768019,37.769014,37.770509,37.771168,37.771859,37.772536,37.773277,37.773871,37.775118,37.776445,37.777602,37.778438,37.779737,37.782282,37.783528,37.783649,37.784048,37.784177,37.784946,37.785129,37.785196,37.78531,37.786258,37.78761,37.788689,37.789688,37.789757,37.790083,37.790944,37.791846,37.792796,37.793422,37.793582,37.794354,37.794968,37.795093,37.795726,37.795905,37.796117,37.796442,37.796695,37.796758,37.796805,37.796886,37.796938,37.796956]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.326162,-78.326071,-78.325904,-78.325086,-78.324728,-78.324372,-78.323986,-78.323032,-78.322914,-78.32281,-78.3226,-78.322371,-78.322129,-78.3218,-78.321573,-78.320976,-78.318798,-78.316184,-78.315047,-78.314628,-78.314331,-78.31397,-78.313638,-78.313484,-78.312814,-78.31165,-78.310996,-78.310737,-78.30921,-78.307654,-78.306491,-78.306119,-78.304485,-78.303219,-78.302748,-78.301378,-78.301062,-78.30088,-78.300745,-78.300616,-78.300461,-78.300317,-78.300185,-78.299889,-78.299506,-78.299209,-78.298911,-78.29836,-78.298281,-78.298144,-78.297952,-78.297711,-78.29694,-78.296519,-78.296244,-78.295894,-78.295647,-78.2952,-78.294437,-78.293893,-78.293716,-78.293545,-78.293383,-78.293289,-78.292975,-78.29229,-78.291528,-78.291348,-78.290674,-78.290163,-78.289779,-78.289631,-78.289497,-78.289478,-78.28934,-78.289018,-78.288561,-78.286886,-78.286453,-78.286111,-78.285522,-78.28452,-78.283391,-78.282707,-78.282529,-78.282243,-78.281978,-78.28171,-78.28144,-78.281169,-78.280764,-78.280085,-78.279393,-78.278756,-78.27822,-78.277871,-78.27742,-78.277034,-78.275015,-78.274071,-78.273019,-78.272645,-78.272857,-78.273082,-78.273171,-78.273202,-78.273216,-78.273211,-78.273188,-78.273068,-78.273032,-78.272876,-78.272435,-78.27231,-78.272281,-78.272271,-78.272271,-78.272259,-78.272236,-78.272193,-78.272135,-78.272098,-78.272376,-78.272685,-78.27289,-78.273407,-78.27358,-78.273735,-78.273839,-78.273923,-78.273989,-78.274037,-78.274068,-78.27408,-78.274073,-78.274045,-78.274015,-78.273981,-78.27366,-78.273485,-78.273288,-78.273243,-78.273168,-78.273145,-78.273119,-78.273041,-78.272977,-78.272954,-78.272911,-78.272777,-78.272703,-78.272624,-78.272529,-78.272313,-78.27214,-78.271946,-78.271899,-78.271863,-78.271836,-78.27182,-78.271818,-78.271812,-78.27181,-78.271805,-78.271803,-78.271792,-78.27176,-78.27172,-78.271679,-78.271621,-78.271477,-78.271374,-78.271212,-78.27107,-78.270842,-78.270178,-78.269825,-78.269408,-78.26917,-78.268786,-78.268411,-78.267977,-78.267692,-78.267571,-78.266766,-78.266005,-78.265782,-78.265578,-78.265019,-78.264925,-78.264835,-78.264749,-78.264651,-78.264524,-78.264423,-78.264374,-78.264332,-78.26427,-78.264249,-78.264242,-78.264225,-78.264187,-78.264159,-78.264132,-78.2641,-78.264079,-78.264048,-78.263971,-78.263797,-78.263652,-78.263626,-78.263589,-78.263569,-78.263562,-78.263544,-78.263495,-78.263478,-78.263454,-78.263397,-78.263313,-78.263203,-78.263102,-78.262872,-78.261882,-78.261663,-78.261541,-78.261419,-78.260851,-78.260571,-78.260474,-78.260412,-78.260375,-78.260343,-78.260329,-78.260333,-78.260355,-78.260404,-78.260451,-78.260501,-78.260598,-78.260706,-78.261707,-78.262259,-78.262539,-78.26269,-78.262797,-78.262851,-78.262925,-78.262981,-78.263004,-78.263014,-78.263011,-78.262987,-78.262943,-78.262852,-78.262733,-78.26235,-78.262318,-78.2623,-78.262263,-78.262254,-78.26226,-78.262268,-78.262299,-78.262395,-78.262546,-78.262968,-78.26305,-78.263084,-78.263112,-78.263123,-78.26312,-78.263099,-78.263059,-78.262972,-78.262885,-78.262779,-78.262133,-78.261497,-78.261246,-78.261006,-78.260897,-78.260687,-78.260525,-78.260348,-78.260273,-78.259695,-78.259461,-78.259013,-78.258139,-78.257954,-78.257609,-78.257485,-78.257304,-78.257139,-78.256991,-78.256887,-78.256814,-78.25671,-78.256639,-78.256571,-78.256504,-78.256441,-78.25642,-78.256418,-78.256436,-78.256481,-78.256524,-78.256545,-78.256651,-78.256367,-78.255991,-78.255663,-78.255319,-78.255143,-78.254814,-78.254569,-78.254317,-78.254059,-78.253874,-78.253739,-78.253604,-78.253497,-78.253393,-78.253268,-78.253174,-78.252991,-78.252845,-78.252625,-78.252309,-78.252076,-78.252058,-78.251535,-78.25136,-78.251294,-78.251227,-78.251115,-78.250968,-78.250817,-78.250662,-78.250275,-78.250093,-78.249914,-78.24974,-78.249574,-78.249039,-78.248769,-78.248229,-78.247602,-78.247288,-78.247104,-78.246952,-78.246889,-78.246871,-78.246805,-78.246761,-78.246689,-78.246225,-78.245929,-78.245762,-78.245579,-78.245416,-78.245068,-78.244539,-78.243857,-78.242977,-78.242634,-78.242406,-78.242237,-78.242058,-78.241869,-78.241674,-78.240183,-78.240044,-78.239927,-78.239838,-78.239762,-78.239676,-78.239617,-78.239322,-78.238069,-78.237992,-78.23783,-78.237035,-78.236633,-78.236547,-78.236401,-78.235961,-78.235793,-78.235344,-78.235225,-78.235107,-78.235016,-78.234917,-78.234892,-78.234722,-78.234546,-78.234451,-78.234057,-78.233706,-78.233477,-78.232441,-78.232181,-78.231978,-78.231684,-78.231264,-78.230866,-78.230256,-78.229528,-78.229141,-78.228933,-78.228716,-78.228494,-78.22822,-78.228014,-78.22791,-78.227833,-78.227155,-78.226167,-78.225431,-78.224587,-78.224212,-78.223319,-78.223156,-78.222928,-78.222276,-78.220657,-78.220289,-78.220052,-78.219751,-78.219386,-78.21869,-78.217604,-78.217256,-78.216998,-78.216647,-78.216368,-78.215997,-78.215537,-78.215346,-78.215154,-78.214538,-78.21434,-78.213784,-78.2131,-78.212728,-78.212257,-78.21118,-78.210997,-78.210029,-78.20957,-78.209167,-78.208868,-78.208633,-78.208587,-78.208094,-78.207569,-78.207194,-78.207102,-78.20688,-78.206675,-78.20651,-78.206387,-78.206247,-78.205727,-78.205403,-78.205129,-78.204931,-78.204771,-78.20462,-78.204419,-78.204242,-78.204011,-78.203779,-78.203332,-78.202666,-78.202327,-78.202116,-78.201913,-78.2018,-78.201623,-78.201459,-78.201281,-78.201045,-78.200916,-78.200803,-78.200748,-78.200693,-78.200674,-78.200496,-78.200306,-78.200171,-78.199789,-78.199761,-78.199734,-78.19969,-78.199673,-78.199669,-78.199677,-78.199695,-78.199709,-78.199735,-78.199795,-78.199876,-78.20028,-78.200365,-78.200432,-78.20045,-78.200475,-78.200498,-78.200495,-78.200482,-78.200459,-78.200388,-78.200082,-78.199918,-78.199834,-78.199715,-78.199081,-78.199048,-78.19862,-78.198035,-78.197803,-78.197594,-78.197351,-78.197076,-78.196713,-78.196504,-78.196311,-78.196004,-78.195819,-78.195648,-78.195407,-78.195133,-78.195026,-78.194965,-78.194929,-78.1949,-78.194873,-78.194763,-78.194735,-78.194692,-78.194631,-78.194582,-78.194483,-78.194367,-78.19428,-78.193755,-78.193515,-78.193326,-78.193198,-78.19308,-78.192843,-78.192523,-78.192344,-78.192122,-78.192007,-78.191963,-78.191959,-78.191973,-78.192006,-78.192059,-78.192125,-78.192387,-78.192595,-78.192796,-78.192945,-78.193122,-78.193378,-78.193465,-78.193619,-78.193784,-78.194008,-78.194207,-78.194995,-78.195231,-78.195412,-78.195515,-78.195606,-78.195655,-78.195959,-78.195818,-78.193025,-78.192125,-78.190165,-78.188321,-78.181078,-78.180982,-78.180617,-78.177257,-78.174298,-78.174198,-78.174134,-78.174106,-78.174087,-78.174004,-78.17397,-78.173955,-78.173929,-78.173359,-78.173264,-78.173243,-78.170807,-78.16858,-78.166836,-78.16657,-78.165588,-78.162657,-78.16243,-78.159836,-78.155264,-78.154757,-78.154737,-78.153827,-78.153585,-78.152524,-78.151779,-78.150224,-78.149501,-78.148628,-78.148024,-78.146023,-78.144023,-78.143291,-78.142123,-78.14004,-78.140024,-78.139923,-78.137623,-78.135724,-78.133923,-78.132318,-78.132123,-78.130922,-78.129923,-78.128523,-78.127224,-78.125923,-78.125142,-78.125124,-78.124766,-78.124745,-78.124724,-78.124724,-78.124723,-78.124268,-78.124243,-78.117595,-78.116722,-78.116571,-78.116543,-78.116516,-78.116503,-78.116296,-78.11545,-78.110651,-78.107539,-78.106552,-78.106471,-78.101565,-78.095769,-78.095749,-78.09571,-78.094486,-78.093108,-78.092261,-78.092208,-78.091778,-78.091655,-78.091245,-78.082824,-78.082812,-78.080733,-78.079932,-78.077212,-78.076074,-78.075747,-78.074901,-78.074884,-78.074617,-78.073718,-78.072844,-78.072086,-78.071997,-78.071472,-78.071159,-78.068628,-78.064969,-78.064798,-78.064773,-78.064727,-78.064307,-78.063742,-78.06331,-78.062481,-78.063897,-78.063927,-78.063967,-78.064474,-78.067172,-78.067315,-78.070254,-78.070678,-78.070703,-78.070912,-78.07317,-78.07555,-78.075571,-78.078355,-78.079709,-78.079725,-78.079744,-78.08089,-78.082232,-78.083302,-78.083803,-78.084204,-78.087474,-78.087577,-78.088959,-78.091648,-78.093019,-78.093108,-78.09461,-78.097664,-78.097706,-78.098835,-78.099835,-78.099924,-78.102241,-78.102951,-78.102973,-78.103193,-78.104359,-78.10581,-78.107482,-78.107897,-78.108695,-78.110305,-78.110325,-78.110876,-78.110894,-78.11194,-78.112248,-78.112972,-78.112998,-78.113153,-78.116407,-78.116545,-78.117024,-78.118061,-78.119071,-78.119084,-78.120553,-78.12058,-78.120598,-78.120906,-78.124836,-78.125585,-78.127243,-78.128286,-78.129707,-78.129768,-78.13099,-78.131002,-78.131096,-78.131977,-78.132085,-78.132145,-78.132175,-78.13546,-78.135522,-78.135558,-78.135593,-78.136921,-78.136969,-78.137005,-78.139257,-78.139396,-78.140426,-78.14045,-78.140612,-78.140758,-78.141472,-78.147714,-78.15302,-78.153032,-78.153786,-78.154463,-78.155508,-78.155936,-78.156322,-78.156542,-78.157323,-78.157491,-78.157655,-78.15766,-78.157859,-78.157873,-78.157888,-78.158021,-78.158057,-78.15811,-78.158222,-78.158225,-78.158249,-78.158284,-78.158609,-78.158666,-78.158725,-78.158732,-78.158746,-78.158775,-78.158851,-78.158872,-78.158885,-78.15905,-78.159115,-78.159189,-78.159326,-78.15946,-78.159541,-78.159626,-78.159769,-78.160115,-78.160868,-78.161152,-78.16185,-78.162426,-78.162514,-78.16268,-78.163288,-78.163696,-78.163851,-78.16398,-78.164305,-78.164837,-78.166006,-78.166868,-78.166932,-78.167306,-78.16752,-78.168128,-78.168695,-78.171211,-78.171734,-78.171842,-78.173052,-78.173799,-78.174103,-78.174587,-78.174753,-78.175548,-78.175714,-78.176392,-78.177491,-78.178023,-78.178846,-78.179337,-78.180188,-78.180471,-78.18099,-78.181349,-78.181847,-78.182179,-78.183465,-78.184205,-78.184551,-78.184987,-78.185498,-78.185706,-78.186051,-78.186162,-78.186287,-78.186777,-78.187407,-78.187642,-78.188064,-78.18843,-78.189087,-78.189211,-78.189737,-78.190186,-78.190352,-78.191216,-78.191506,-78.192186,-78.192246,-78.19244,-78.192696,-78.194576,-78.195606,-78.197196,-78.197749,-78.198634,-78.199436,-78.200714,-78.201212,-78.202394,-78.202836,-78.20303,-78.203417,-78.203797,-78.204889,-78.206202,-78.207391,-78.207951,-78.208974,-78.211331,-78.212374,-78.212471,-78.212623,-78.212879,-78.213162,-78.2133,-78.214116,-78.214544,-78.215201,-78.215546,-78.216216,-78.216534,-78.217218,-78.217695,-78.218656,-78.219644,-78.220521,-78.22104,-78.221572,-78.222117,-78.222279,-78.222573,-78.222767,-78.223022,-78.223299,-78.223623,-78.224024,-78.224549,-78.224756,-78.225094,-78.225205,-78.225302,-78.225391,-78.22546,-78.225536,-78.225708,-78.22575,-78.225991,-78.226233,-78.226274,-78.226329,-78.226377,-78.226398,-78.226425,-78.226653,-78.226681,-78.226694,-78.226818,-78.226894,-78.22697,-78.227114,-78.227149,-78.227245,-78.227597,-78.227901,-78.228005,-78.228122,-78.228218,-78.22846,-78.228605,-78.228778,-78.228936,-78.229351,-78.229586,-78.2302,-78.230988,-78.231685,-78.232576,-78.233301,-78.233536,-78.234144,-78.234491,-78.234537,-78.234717,-78.234952,-78.235339,-78.235739,-78.236561,-78.237038,-78.237494,-78.237839,-78.238606,-78.239352,-78.239635,-78.239748,-78.239722,-78.239722,-78.23992,-78.240162,-78.240415,-78.24091,-78.240996,-78.241327,-78.24148,-78.241929,-78.242267,-78.242862,-78.243856,-78.244298,-78.24444,-78.24449,-78.244914,-78.245045,-78.245411,-78.245703,-78.245715,-78.246199,-78.247221,-78.248207,-78.248823,-78.249723,-78.250423,-78.251623,-78.252454,-78.252823,-78.252978,-78.253075,-78.253105,-78.253121,-78.254423,-78.255297,-78.255538,-78.255672,-78.2558,-78.256123,-78.257123,-78.257434,-78.257477,-78.257497,-78.257509,-78.257553,-78.25763,-78.257675,-78.257724,-78.257794,-78.261569,-78.26162,-78.265493,-78.267037,-78.269305,-78.271233,-78.271623,-78.272146,-78.272623,-78.274523,-78.276223,-78.278224,-78.279924,-78.281424,-78.28288,-78.282924,-78.284124,-78.285624,-78.287424,-78.289124,-78.290043,-78.29016,-78.290277,-78.291624,-78.293024,-78.293624,-78.293924,-78.296224,-78.297124,-78.297857,-78.298424,-78.299424,-78.300524,-78.300757,-78.300828,-78.300899,-78.301623,-78.301697,-78.302393,-78.302422,-78.302412,-78.302403,-78.302299,-78.302202,-78.302115,-78.302072,-78.302005,-78.301988,-78.301968,-78.301944,-78.301859,-78.301755,-78.301648,-78.301518,-78.301409,-78.301355,-78.301284,-78.301142,-78.300982,-78.300897,-78.299492,-78.299277,-78.299029,-78.298207,-78.297973,-78.297828,-78.297689,-78.297625,-78.297571,-78.297495,-78.297424,-78.297405,-78.297401,-78.297411,-78.297435,-78.297504,-78.297529,-78.297542,-78.297534,-78.297501,-78.29745,-78.29737,-78.297288,-78.297147,-78.297031,-78.296906,-78.296685,-78.296552,-78.296315,-78.296111,-78.295934,-78.295542,-78.295473,-78.295264,-78.295057,-78.293564,-78.293148,-78.293047,-78.29292,-78.292748,-78.292589,-78.29244,-78.292308,-78.29218,-78.292104,-78.291957,-78.291788,-78.291607,-78.291428,-78.291358,-78.291294,-78.291176,-78.290949,-78.290717,-78.290589,-78.290308,-78.290075,-78.290017,-78.289984,-78.289789,-78.289261,-78.289125,-78.289016,-78.288814,-78.288783,-78.288581,-78.288512,-78.288163,-78.288043,-78.287848,-78.287548,-78.287334,-78.287014,-78.286856,-78.286776,-78.286672,-78.28658,-78.28647,-78.286321,-78.285923,-78.285153,-78.28499,-78.284812,-78.28466,-78.284456,-78.284268,-78.284456,-78.284995,-78.285177,-78.285429,-78.286029,-78.286343,-78.286481,-78.28678,-78.287062,-78.287272,-78.287378,-78.287467,-78.287596,-78.287654,-78.287886,-78.28814,-78.288323,-78.288487,-78.288662,-78.288801,-78.28895,-78.28914,-78.289276,-78.289311,-78.289723,-78.289887,-78.290123,-78.290304,-78.290469,-78.290772,-78.291186,-78.291775,-78.291997,-78.292175,-78.292314,-78.292394,-78.292483,-78.292597,-78.292693,-78.292788,-78.292927,-78.293345,-78.293471,-78.293599,-78.293761,-78.293923,-78.294083,-78.29427,-78.29439,-78.294736,-78.295737,-78.297728,-78.298159,-78.298478,-78.298762,-78.299213,-78.299263,-78.299297,-78.299314,-78.299313,-78.299294,-78.299185,-78.299711,-78.299979,-78.300308,-78.30089,-78.301276,-78.302217,-78.302872,-78.30353,-78.305071,-78.305419,-78.305936,-78.307355,-78.308228,-78.308589,-78.308924,-78.309283,-78.309555,-78.309893,-78.310278,-78.310597,-78.311004,-78.311114,-78.311159,-78.311322,-78.311482,-78.312734,-78.313061,-78.315532,-78.316317,-78.316513,-78.316694,-78.316882,-78.316993,-78.317067,-78.317163,-78.317217,-78.317284,-78.317303,-78.31731,-78.317298,-78.317272,-78.317214,-78.317137,-78.317062,-78.31691,-78.316768,-78.316501,-78.316295,-78.315962,-78.315242,-78.314667,-78.314254,-78.314102,-78.313968,-78.313848,-78.313769,-78.313696,-78.31364,-78.313602,-78.313596,-78.313595,-78.313608,-78.313646,-78.313685,-78.313749,-78.31385,-78.31393,-78.314098,-78.314281,-78.314659,-78.315408,-78.316102,-78.316715,-78.317211,-78.317474,-78.317795,-78.31806,-78.318369,-78.318455,-78.3192,-78.319511,-78.319841,-78.319948,-78.320071,-78.320211,-78.320366,-78.320531,-78.320576,-78.320711,-78.320903,-78.321108,-78.32137,-78.321512,-78.321708,-78.321963,-78.322174,-78.32239,-78.32261,-78.322892,-78.323184,-78.323421,-78.323721,-78.324031,-78.324026,-78.324028,-78.324044,-78.324085,-78.324136,-78.324172,-78.324278,-78.324694,-78.325143,-78.325482,-78.32566,-78.325937,-78.326094,-78.326228,-78.326162],"lat":[37.804903,37.805032,37.805255,37.806221,37.806668,37.807098,37.807544,37.808589,37.808702,37.808802,37.808978,37.809148,37.809308,37.809499,37.80962,37.809898,37.81085,37.812,37.812503,37.81269,37.812808,37.81293,37.813026,37.813067,37.813242,37.813564,37.813739,37.813813,37.814228,37.814655,37.814969,37.815066,37.815523,37.815866,37.816,37.816371,37.81646,37.816511,37.816558,37.816613,37.816693,37.816784,37.816886,37.817159,37.817493,37.817737,37.81797,37.818375,37.818426,37.818508,37.818606,37.818707,37.818983,37.819122,37.819196,37.819276,37.819324,37.819394,37.819497,37.819568,37.819606,37.819659,37.819725,37.819771,37.819944,37.820322,37.820742,37.820842,37.821238,37.821521,37.821721,37.821788,37.821839,37.821846,37.82189,37.821975,37.822081,37.822438,37.822535,37.822622,37.822797,37.823146,37.823553,37.823788,37.82384,37.823908,37.823955,37.823988,37.824006,37.824009,37.824005,37.824001,37.823998,37.823967,37.823932,37.823898,37.823832,37.823761,37.823386,37.823212,37.823015,37.822958,37.823454,37.824021,37.82428,37.824425,37.824572,37.824719,37.824864,37.82529,37.825396,37.825838,37.82712,37.827559,37.827705,37.827853,37.827989,37.82805,37.828109,37.828178,37.82824,37.82827,37.828785,37.829353,37.829739,37.830716,37.83105,37.831389,37.831648,37.831915,37.832185,37.832461,37.832743,37.833026,37.833278,37.833603,37.833819,37.83404,37.836122,37.837246,37.83852,37.838797,37.839265,37.839409,37.839566,37.840061,37.840462,37.84061,37.840882,37.84175,37.842232,37.84276,37.843326,37.844753,37.84585,37.847108,37.847457,37.847863,37.848382,37.849044,37.849097,37.849301,37.849425,37.850056,37.850378,37.850671,37.850999,37.85126,37.851439,37.851632,37.852013,37.852231,37.852517,37.852741,37.853074,37.854042,37.854562,37.855061,37.855303,37.855569,37.855817,37.85607,37.856205,37.856259,37.856546,37.856817,37.856892,37.856962,37.857169,37.857213,37.857263,37.857317,37.857391,37.857506,37.857626,37.857688,37.85774,37.857824,37.85785,37.857859,37.857893,37.858092,37.858367,37.858527,37.858656,37.858739,37.858889,37.859268,37.860227,37.86102,37.861174,37.861486,37.861798,37.862829,37.863215,37.863867,37.863999,37.864158,37.864446,37.864768,37.865101,37.865365,37.865886,37.86809,37.868587,37.868882,37.869152,37.870443,37.871061,37.871324,37.871547,37.871735,37.871999,37.872264,37.872503,37.872724,37.872987,37.87316,37.873319,37.873573,37.873798,37.875692,37.876705,37.877248,37.877595,37.877888,37.878071,37.878377,37.878687,37.878901,37.879116,37.879385,37.879679,37.879978,37.880405,37.880874,37.882469,37.882622,37.882724,37.883033,37.883292,37.883448,37.883552,37.883811,37.884312,37.88499,37.886974,37.887359,37.887561,37.887816,37.888115,37.88829,37.888508,37.888725,37.889048,37.889318,37.889584,37.891123,37.892672,37.893265,37.893829,37.894064,37.894475,37.894749,37.895016,37.895122,37.8959,37.896214,37.896787,37.897916,37.898156,37.898616,37.898781,37.899048,37.899321,37.8996,37.899822,37.899988,37.90025,37.900449,37.900713,37.901045,37.901467,37.901745,37.902024,37.902321,37.902688,37.902945,37.903054,37.903471,37.903648,37.903909,37.904112,37.904299,37.904386,37.904531,37.904617,37.90469,37.904749,37.904781,37.904789,37.904783,37.904768,37.904745,37.904703,37.904661,37.90457,37.904494,37.904371,37.904175,37.904016,37.904,37.903588,37.903475,37.903441,37.903411,37.903368,37.903327,37.9033,37.903287,37.90329,37.903311,37.903346,37.903394,37.903455,37.903689,37.903815,37.904073,37.904356,37.904523,37.904634,37.904745,37.904798,37.904814,37.904875,37.904919,37.904999,37.905552,37.905919,37.906101,37.906273,37.906407,37.906676,37.907067,37.907592,37.908257,37.908522,37.908682,37.908783,37.908872,37.908948,37.909012,37.909383,37.909436,37.909497,37.909556,37.909617,37.909705,37.90978,37.910221,37.912178,37.912298,37.912545,37.913787,37.914414,37.914538,37.914749,37.915386,37.915643,37.916337,37.916522,37.916666,37.916756,37.916839,37.91686,37.916974,37.917067,37.917109,37.917256,37.91737,37.917438,37.917757,37.917845,37.917924,37.918059,37.918242,37.918436,37.918719,37.919063,37.919252,37.919338,37.919412,37.919471,37.919525,37.919551,37.919563,37.919571,37.919634,37.919716,37.919782,37.919847,37.919866,37.919936,37.919957,37.919996,37.920151,37.920603,37.92071,37.920762,37.920814,37.920858,37.920891,37.920963,37.921002,37.921042,37.92111,37.921164,37.921245,37.921358,37.921417,37.921487,37.921713,37.921786,37.921989,37.922224,37.922344,37.922483,37.922734,37.922777,37.923004,37.923119,37.923231,37.923331,37.92342,37.923439,37.923647,37.92386,37.924018,37.924053,37.92415,37.924257,37.924365,37.92446,37.924588,37.925208,37.925603,37.925952,37.926179,37.926342,37.926472,37.926625,37.926742,37.926878,37.926997,37.927201,37.927474,37.92762,37.927723,37.927843,37.927921,37.928062,37.928212,37.928398,37.928672,37.928842,37.92902,37.929129,37.929264,37.929316,37.929926,37.930565,37.931,37.932126,37.932231,37.932327,37.932601,37.932765,37.932951,37.933121,37.933256,37.933323,37.933429,37.933607,37.93379,37.934563,37.934764,37.934969,37.935054,37.93519,37.935412,37.935533,37.935693,37.935794,37.936043,37.936915,37.937358,37.937531,37.937736,37.938672,37.93872,37.939338,37.940192,37.940509,37.940759,37.941005,37.941243,37.94158,37.941782,37.941995,37.942371,37.942624,37.942894,37.943323,37.943863,37.944094,37.944271,37.944415,37.944582,37.944819,37.946052,37.94625,37.946427,37.9466,37.946699,37.946857,37.947008,37.947114,37.947751,37.948085,37.948373,37.948578,37.948768,37.949178,37.949734,37.950078,37.950553,37.950816,37.950948,37.951031,37.951113,37.951191,37.951246,37.951288,37.951397,37.951494,37.9516,37.951698,37.95183,37.952061,37.952127,37.952229,37.95232,37.952429,37.952509,37.952775,37.952876,37.952967,37.953043,37.953129,37.953186,37.953628,37.953571,37.95244,37.95224,37.952022,37.951818,37.951015,37.951004,37.950964,37.950592,37.950263,37.950252,37.950245,37.950241,37.950239,37.95023,37.950215,37.950208,37.950196,37.949932,37.949888,37.949878,37.948749,37.947717,37.94691,37.946787,37.946333,37.944986,37.944882,37.94369,37.941589,37.941355,37.941346,37.940942,37.940829,37.94034,37.940081,37.93954,37.939277,37.93896,37.938741,37.93804,37.93714,37.936793,37.93624,37.935578,37.935573,37.93554,37.93464,37.933742,37.932941,37.932406,37.932341,37.931842,37.931441,37.930941,37.930441,37.929941,37.929548,37.929542,37.929452,37.929447,37.929441,37.929396,37.929291,37.929113,37.929103,37.926503,37.926162,37.926103,37.926092,37.926082,37.926077,37.925996,37.925665,37.923789,37.922572,37.922186,37.922154,37.920236,37.917969,37.91797,37.917946,37.917467,37.916928,37.916597,37.916576,37.916408,37.91636,37.9162,37.912907,37.912902,37.912089,37.911776,37.910713,37.910268,37.91014,37.909797,37.909803,37.909699,37.909347,37.909005,37.908707,37.908672,37.908467,37.908345,37.907355,37.905925,37.905858,37.905849,37.905831,37.905616,37.905328,37.905108,37.904685,37.902405,37.902358,37.902294,37.901478,37.897135,37.896905,37.892176,37.891493,37.891453,37.891117,37.887482,37.88365,37.883617,37.879133,37.876953,37.876927,37.876897,37.875051,37.87289,37.871168,37.870407,37.869799,37.864838,37.864682,37.862585,37.85851,37.856431,37.856296,37.854017,37.849384,37.84932,37.847607,37.846081,37.845946,37.842412,37.841329,37.841296,37.840959,37.839182,37.836968,37.834418,37.833784,37.832567,37.83011,37.830079,37.82924,37.829214,37.827619,37.827147,37.826122,37.826086,37.825866,37.821252,37.821047,37.82033,37.81878,37.817268,37.81725,37.815049,37.815011,37.814984,37.814521,37.80864,37.80752,37.805037,37.803476,37.801349,37.801258,37.799429,37.799411,37.799269,37.797951,37.797789,37.7977,37.797654,37.792735,37.792642,37.792588,37.792536,37.790548,37.790477,37.790422,37.78705,37.786841,37.785299,37.785263,37.785021,37.784802,37.783732,37.773949,37.765633,37.765614,37.764431,37.76337,37.759953,37.758578,37.757329,37.756683,37.754371,37.753873,37.753387,37.753372,37.752783,37.752742,37.7527,37.752313,37.75221,37.752054,37.75173,37.751721,37.751651,37.751551,37.750606,37.750443,37.750272,37.75025,37.750209,37.750125,37.749904,37.749846,37.749807,37.749329,37.749141,37.748925,37.748528,37.748617,37.748671,37.748708,37.74877,37.748902,37.749127,37.749182,37.749276,37.749343,37.749353,37.749359,37.74938,37.74937,37.749354,37.749342,37.749298,37.749249,37.74909,37.748947,37.748937,37.748854,37.748822,37.74875,37.748652,37.748173,37.748074,37.748054,37.747851,37.747692,37.747604,37.747428,37.747352,37.746923,37.746847,37.746594,37.746243,37.746084,37.745776,37.745562,37.745299,37.745178,37.744959,37.744794,37.744558,37.744388,37.743608,37.743015,37.742686,37.742175,37.741429,37.741044,37.740468,37.740298,37.740149,37.739677,37.738936,37.738711,37.738382,37.73808,37.737503,37.737366,37.736872,37.736493,37.736361,37.735741,37.735565,37.735197,37.735164,37.735044,37.734901,37.733759,37.733073,37.732068,37.731749,37.731294,37.730909,37.730366,37.73013,37.729619,37.729394,37.729278,37.729009,37.728762,37.728092,37.727263,37.72645,37.726099,37.725522,37.724029,37.723413,37.723342,37.723194,37.72298,37.722826,37.722738,37.722145,37.72176,37.72108,37.720739,37.720195,37.719959,37.719476,37.719179,37.718526,37.717801,37.717021,37.716582,37.716153,37.715736,37.715604,37.715368,37.715181,37.714868,37.714495,37.714022,37.713484,37.71282,37.712534,37.71199,37.711787,37.711579,37.711353,37.711084,37.71059,37.709794,37.709618,37.708784,37.707768,37.707559,37.70718,37.706318,37.706126,37.705978,37.705204,37.705056,37.704902,37.703666,37.703019,37.702491,37.701882,37.701712,37.701393,37.700471,37.699713,37.699405,37.698988,37.698714,37.698208,37.697978,37.697736,37.69756,37.697165,37.696956,37.69644,37.695726,37.695133,37.694397,37.693743,37.693551,37.693095,37.692789,37.692749,37.692611,37.692452,37.69221,37.691985,37.691546,37.691315,37.691111,37.69098,37.690749,37.690567,37.690512,37.690495,37.690643,37.690842,37.690745,37.690648,37.690547,37.690337,37.69033,37.690315,37.690308,37.690313,37.690324,37.690362,37.690411,37.690423,37.690427,37.690428,37.69044,37.690444,37.690488,37.690508,37.690509,37.690542,37.69063,37.69068,37.690944,37.691294,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691244,37.691254,37.69126,37.691262,37.691263,37.691344,37.691395,37.691409,37.691417,37.691424,37.691444,37.691544,37.691595,37.691602,37.691606,37.691608,37.691615,37.691628,37.691636,37.691644,37.691659,37.692483,37.6925,37.693791,37.694494,37.695526,37.697378,37.697544,37.69791,37.698244,37.699444,37.700444,37.701844,37.702944,37.703744,37.704617,37.704644,37.705444,37.706144,37.707044,37.707843,37.708252,37.708288,37.708325,37.708743,37.709143,37.709243,37.709243,37.709743,37.709943,37.710112,37.710243,37.710443,37.710643,37.710622,37.710616,37.710609,37.710543,37.710536,37.710466,37.710463,37.710532,37.710602,37.711349,37.712042,37.712676,37.712968,37.713432,37.713546,37.713682,37.713852,37.714457,37.715247,37.715985,37.716928,37.717619,37.717838,37.718053,37.718361,37.718663,37.718806,37.721173,37.721549,37.722006,37.723745,37.724255,37.724584,37.724949,37.725147,37.725347,37.725705,37.726176,37.726383,37.726554,37.7269,37.727262,37.727905,37.728245,37.728667,37.72893,37.729377,37.729722,37.730109,37.730417,37.730866,37.73116,37.731455,37.731891,37.732119,37.732494,37.732785,37.733012,37.733459,37.733537,37.733754,37.733944,37.735317,37.735747,37.735858,37.736011,37.736248,37.736508,37.736782,37.737062,37.737382,37.737612,37.738167,37.738858,37.739646,37.740387,37.740632,37.740799,37.741064,37.741535,37.741942,37.742142,37.742571,37.742926,37.743013,37.743063,37.743357,37.744155,37.744362,37.744542,37.744885,37.744947,37.745364,37.745519,37.746452,37.746807,37.747448,37.748671,37.74952,37.750824,37.751443,37.751711,37.751989,37.752182,37.75237,37.752586,37.75308,37.754026,37.754194,37.754352,37.754471,37.754612,37.754725,37.754947,37.755495,37.755678,37.755932,37.756527,37.756819,37.756944,37.757189,37.757413,37.757596,37.757695,37.757786,37.757941,37.758012,37.758339,37.758772,37.759136,37.759542,37.760001,37.760419,37.760843,37.761325,37.761587,37.761647,37.762234,37.762448,37.762733,37.76297,37.763163,37.763471,37.763869,37.764389,37.764579,37.764732,37.764845,37.764887,37.764917,37.764935,37.764934,37.764919,37.764879,37.764754,37.764729,37.764714,37.764706,37.764713,37.764734,37.764776,37.764815,37.764957,37.765424,37.766352,37.766557,37.766719,37.766882,37.767158,37.7672,37.767251,37.767307,37.767365,37.76742,37.767571,37.767843,37.767976,37.768125,37.768356,37.768499,37.768846,37.769093,37.769336,37.76991,37.77004,37.770232,37.770759,37.771097,37.771254,37.771411,37.771585,37.771736,37.771939,37.772195,37.772433,37.772768,37.772862,37.7729,37.773055,37.773206,37.774474,37.774817,37.777335,37.778138,37.778354,37.778579,37.778847,37.779028,37.779174,37.779408,37.779585,37.779881,37.780056,37.780297,37.780539,37.780731,37.780964,37.781195,37.781365,37.781664,37.781893,37.782311,37.782631,37.783135,37.784241,37.785112,37.785763,37.786033,37.786308,37.786605,37.786857,37.787146,37.787438,37.787865,37.788092,37.788112,37.788359,37.788672,37.788891,37.789164,37.789486,37.789677,37.790029,37.790369,37.791012,37.792239,37.793417,37.794431,37.795247,37.795684,37.796232,37.796732,37.79739,37.797596,37.799538,37.80037,37.801212,37.801434,37.80165,37.80186,37.802062,37.802253,37.802299,37.802436,37.80261,37.802774,37.802959,37.803047,37.803159,37.80329,37.803386,37.803473,37.803553,37.803642,37.803714,37.803762,37.803809,37.803843,37.803985,37.804022,37.804083,37.80415,37.804197,37.804221,37.804273,37.804443,37.804595,37.804693,37.804728,37.80476,37.804792,37.804833,37.804903]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.342867,-78.342697,-78.342637,-78.342452,-78.342236,-78.342067,-78.341853,-78.341632,-78.341308,-78.340848,-78.340636,-78.340163,-78.33976,-78.339689,-78.339223,-78.338522,-78.33825,-78.338023,-78.337868,-78.336649,-78.336076,-78.335181,-78.334753,-78.334316,-78.33418,-78.334012,-78.33388,-78.333751,-78.3336,-78.333538,-78.333403,-78.333244,-78.333031,-78.332861,-78.332711,-78.332666,-78.332631,-78.332601,-78.332589,-78.332598,-78.332635,-78.332685,-78.33275,-78.333158,-78.333714,-78.334664,-78.335449,-78.336379,-78.336807,-78.336999,-78.33734,-78.33637,-78.334962,-78.33335,-78.331666,-78.331534,-78.331427,-78.331293,-78.331161,-78.331028,-78.330863,-78.330761,-78.330664,-78.330575,-78.330295,-78.33019,-78.330073,-78.329945,-78.329774,-78.329597,-78.329339,-78.32915,-78.328997,-78.328668,-78.328571,-78.328457,-78.328324,-78.326921,-78.326726,-78.326209,-78.32615,-78.326043,-78.325976,-78.325949,-78.32552,-78.325156,-78.32487,-78.324581,-78.324407,-78.32417,-78.322981,-78.32286,-78.322216,-78.320771,-78.320565,-78.3201,-78.319174,-78.319064,-78.318083,-78.315628,-78.3151,-78.314993,-78.314858,-78.314428,-78.313373,-78.312959,-78.312519,-78.311954,-78.311178,-78.310884,-78.310549,-78.310145,-78.309691,-78.309471,-78.308162,-78.307961,-78.307486,-78.306912,-78.305011,-78.304181,-78.303747,-78.302287,-78.302141,-78.300787,-78.300004,-78.299911,-78.299887,-78.299859,-78.29981,-78.299755,-78.299706,-78.299637,-78.299533,-78.299228,-78.298882,-78.298787,-78.298514,-78.298379,-78.298232,-78.298149,-78.297942,-78.297751,-78.297634,-78.297484,-78.297349,-78.297276,-78.297197,-78.297007,-78.296868,-78.29679,-78.296633,-78.29653,-78.296172,-78.296076,-78.296027,-78.295965,-78.295929,-78.295853,-78.29578,-78.295766,-78.295767,-78.295781,-78.295809,-78.295854,-78.295944,-78.296029,-78.296321,-78.296428,-78.296637,-78.296774,-78.296866,-78.29694,-78.297223,-78.297286,-78.297349,-78.297432,-78.297548,-78.297676,-78.298803,-78.2992,-78.299345,-78.299477,-78.299597,-78.299709,-78.299805,-78.299895,-78.299982,-78.300386,-78.300516,-78.30061,-78.300681,-78.300767,-78.300862,-78.300924,-78.301065,-78.301248,-78.301494,-78.302168,-78.303702,-78.305713,-78.308411,-78.308643,-78.309088,-78.309292,-78.309494,-78.309625,-78.309879,-78.310127,-78.310472,-78.310761,-78.310972,-78.311079,-78.311178,-78.31129,-78.311459,-78.311781,-78.312603,-78.313718,-78.314112,-78.314195,-78.31466,-78.315705,-78.315831,-78.315933,-78.316026,-78.316411,-78.316483,-78.316802,-78.316972,-78.317211,-78.317404,-78.317684,-78.317863,-78.318013,-78.318719,-78.318986,-78.31916,-78.319483,-78.319646,-78.319872,-78.320052,-78.320126,-78.320303,-78.320417,-78.320674,-78.320944,-78.321061,-78.32114,-78.32118,-78.321195,-78.321218,-78.321231,-78.321228,-78.321203,-78.321188,-78.321111,-78.321013,-78.320817,-78.320813,-78.320809,-78.320796,-78.320792,-78.320805,-78.320834,-78.320871,-78.320925,-78.321002,-78.321193,-78.321358,-78.321786,-78.323146,-78.323391,-78.323707,-78.323936,-78.325203,-78.326078,-78.326501,-78.3267,-78.326915,-78.327143,-78.32732,-78.327392,-78.327509,-78.327617,-78.327741,-78.327878,-78.327926,-78.32797,-78.328048,-78.328123,-78.328181,-78.32823,-78.328332,-78.328357,-78.328418,-78.32846,-78.328535,-78.328651,-78.328728,-78.328769,-78.328841,-78.328996,-78.329167,-78.329485,-78.329963,-78.330257,-78.330531,-78.330799,-78.331148,-78.33136,-78.331923,-78.332402,-78.33257,-78.332996,-78.333289,-78.333605,-78.334058,-78.335179,-78.335565,-78.335904,-78.336335,-78.336832,-78.337873,-78.338027,-78.338094,-78.338425,-78.338626,-78.338816,-78.339021,-78.339179,-78.339416,-78.339968,-78.340258,-78.340391,-78.340488,-78.340863,-78.34105,-78.341474,-78.341698,-78.341959,-78.342123,-78.34236,-78.342712,-78.342848,-78.343341,-78.342867],"lat":[37.903933,37.904047,37.904083,37.904186,37.904288,37.904355,37.904424,37.90448,37.904539,37.904592,37.904609,37.90466,37.904692,37.904696,37.904749,37.90484,37.904853,37.904855,37.904849,37.904774,37.90474,37.904681,37.904661,37.904656,37.904661,37.90468,37.904706,37.904739,37.904801,37.904829,37.904899,37.904997,37.905145,37.905284,37.905425,37.905483,37.905545,37.905628,37.905712,37.905785,37.905892,37.905976,37.906054,37.906413,37.906906,37.907745,37.908432,37.909265,37.90965,37.909816,37.910124,37.910357,37.910687,37.911068,37.911462,37.911482,37.911489,37.911483,37.911464,37.911424,37.91135,37.911285,37.911208,37.911125,37.910828,37.910749,37.91068,37.910624,37.910576,37.910542,37.910514,37.910506,37.910511,37.910923,37.911143,37.911875,37.912037,37.912813,37.913038,37.914016,37.914261,37.914318,37.914594,37.914704,37.915014,37.915278,37.916072,37.916301,37.91644,37.916841,37.917502,37.917811,37.918153,37.917942,37.918021,37.91794,37.917781,37.917656,37.917503,37.917122,37.91704,37.917097,37.917077,37.917305,37.917135,37.917068,37.916997,37.916906,37.916829,37.916871,37.916919,37.916859,37.916793,37.916543,37.916352,37.91615,37.915672,37.915465,37.914781,37.914715,37.914875,37.913785,37.913618,37.91342,37.913816,37.913882,37.913899,37.913943,37.914184,37.914288,37.914338,37.914398,37.914464,37.914607,37.914942,37.91502,37.914441,37.914178,37.913941,37.913826,37.913584,37.91336,37.913201,37.912968,37.912724,37.912576,37.91237,37.911741,37.911366,37.911191,37.910895,37.910725,37.910162,37.909978,37.909853,37.909639,37.909466,37.908985,37.90859,37.908421,37.90832,37.908134,37.907989,37.907846,37.907673,37.907539,37.907151,37.907021,37.906764,37.906569,37.906413,37.906259,37.905599,37.905494,37.905415,37.905334,37.905242,37.90516,37.904549,37.904329,37.904238,37.904137,37.904027,37.903892,37.903745,37.903574,37.903384,37.902427,37.902155,37.90202,37.901948,37.901886,37.901838,37.901814,37.901783,37.901771,37.901771,37.901818,37.901909,37.902009,37.902149,37.902158,37.902171,37.902164,37.902142,37.902119,37.902058,37.901981,37.901853,37.901728,37.901615,37.901543,37.901464,37.901357,37.901158,37.900752,37.899715,37.898288,37.897795,37.897694,37.897127,37.895857,37.895716,37.895611,37.895516,37.895156,37.895088,37.894766,37.894575,37.894271,37.893997,37.893552,37.893249,37.892969,37.891624,37.891116,37.890778,37.890179,37.88992,37.88961,37.889369,37.88927,37.889057,37.888933,37.888678,37.888406,37.888254,37.888121,37.888029,37.887983,37.887887,37.887766,37.887653,37.887453,37.887373,37.887045,37.886576,37.88554,37.885504,37.885468,37.885344,37.885141,37.884912,37.884717,37.88459,37.884467,37.88433,37.884399,37.884487,37.884904,37.885796,37.885973,37.886221,37.886414,37.887552,37.88833,37.888723,37.888927,37.889172,37.889456,37.889703,37.889814,37.889994,37.890181,37.890416,37.890718,37.890842,37.890967,37.891237,37.891586,37.891947,37.892353,37.893532,37.893738,37.894004,37.894137,37.894311,37.894529,37.894657,37.894714,37.89481,37.894994,37.89517,37.895448,37.895842,37.896064,37.896258,37.896424,37.896625,37.896732,37.896994,37.8972,37.897273,37.897435,37.897533,37.897627,37.897734,37.897954,37.898034,37.898114,37.898222,37.898345,37.898613,37.898657,37.898678,37.898804,37.898899,37.899006,37.899143,37.899265,37.89947,37.900006,37.900313,37.900473,37.900591,37.901093,37.901351,37.901909,37.902174,37.902442,37.902589,37.90279,37.903077,37.903188,37.903588,37.903933]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.366568,-78.360683,-78.3605,-78.353657,-78.351263,-78.351164,-78.351106,-78.350874,-78.350459,-78.350312,-78.350309,-78.349993,-78.349637,-78.349445,-78.349372,-78.348664,-78.348573,-78.347298,-78.347136,-78.345887,-78.345331,-78.344992,-78.343697,-78.342872,-78.340865,-78.338619,-78.337152,-78.335942,-78.335245,-78.33406,-78.333924,-78.333914,-78.33364,-78.333224,-78.333193,-78.332437,-78.332245,-78.332064,-78.331669,-78.331353,-78.329425,-78.329296,-78.328722,-78.327873,-78.327335,-78.326804,-78.326574,-78.325282,-78.325163,-78.325065,-78.324675,-78.324168,-78.323846,-78.323414,-78.322935,-78.322653,-78.322598,-78.322232,-78.321605,-78.321564,-78.321063,-78.320685,-78.320304,-78.319364,-78.319181,-78.318927,-78.31843,-78.317756,-78.317485,-78.316777,-78.313743,-78.312052,-78.311561,-78.311171,-78.31063,-78.310442,-78.31035,-78.309808,-78.309021,-78.307949,-78.307493,-78.306207,-78.304547,-78.302484,-78.300472,-78.29952,-78.298714,-78.297788,-78.298014,-78.298528,-78.298696,-78.298812,-78.298966,-78.299096,-78.299185,-78.299293,-78.299368,-78.299432,-78.299465,-78.299486,-78.299487,-78.29947,-78.299432,-78.299354,-78.299174,-78.29911,-78.299024,-78.298787,-78.298882,-78.299228,-78.299533,-78.299637,-78.299706,-78.299755,-78.29981,-78.299859,-78.299887,-78.299911,-78.300004,-78.300787,-78.302141,-78.302287,-78.303747,-78.304181,-78.305011,-78.306912,-78.307486,-78.307961,-78.308162,-78.309471,-78.309691,-78.310145,-78.310549,-78.310884,-78.311178,-78.311954,-78.312519,-78.312959,-78.313373,-78.314428,-78.314858,-78.314993,-78.3151,-78.315628,-78.318083,-78.319064,-78.319174,-78.3201,-78.320565,-78.320771,-78.322216,-78.32286,-78.322981,-78.32417,-78.324407,-78.324581,-78.32487,-78.325156,-78.32552,-78.325949,-78.325976,-78.326043,-78.32615,-78.326209,-78.326726,-78.326921,-78.328324,-78.328457,-78.328571,-78.328668,-78.328997,-78.32915,-78.329339,-78.329597,-78.329774,-78.329945,-78.330073,-78.33019,-78.330295,-78.330575,-78.330664,-78.330761,-78.330863,-78.331028,-78.331161,-78.331293,-78.331427,-78.331534,-78.331666,-78.33335,-78.334962,-78.33637,-78.33734,-78.336999,-78.336807,-78.336379,-78.335449,-78.334664,-78.333714,-78.333158,-78.33275,-78.332685,-78.332635,-78.332598,-78.332589,-78.332601,-78.332631,-78.332666,-78.332711,-78.332861,-78.333031,-78.333244,-78.333403,-78.333538,-78.3336,-78.333751,-78.33388,-78.334012,-78.33418,-78.334316,-78.334753,-78.335181,-78.336076,-78.336649,-78.337868,-78.338023,-78.33825,-78.338522,-78.339223,-78.339689,-78.33976,-78.340163,-78.340636,-78.340848,-78.341308,-78.341632,-78.341853,-78.342067,-78.342236,-78.342452,-78.342637,-78.342697,-78.342867,-78.343341,-78.343564,-78.343841,-78.344047,-78.344091,-78.344296,-78.344832,-78.34524,-78.345515,-78.345891,-78.346108,-78.346243,-78.346467,-78.346493,-78.346747,-78.346948,-78.347277,-78.347464,-78.347598,-78.347643,-78.347733,-78.34778,-78.347821,-78.347831,-78.347842,-78.347828,-78.347809,-78.347761,-78.347606,-78.347569,-78.347545,-78.347501,-78.347477,-78.347471,-78.347484,-78.347514,-78.347579,-78.347659,-78.347741,-78.347837,-78.347983,-78.348274,-78.349089,-78.349541,-78.350692,-78.351152,-78.351315,-78.351525,-78.351734,-78.351852,-78.351953,-78.352015,-78.352446,-78.352527,-78.352641,-78.352715,-78.352787,-78.352943,-78.353035,-78.35317,-78.353347,-78.353504,-78.353669,-78.353859,-78.354061,-78.354323,-78.354611,-78.355497,-78.356172,-78.356716,-78.356997,-78.357203,-78.357408,-78.357602,-78.357819,-78.357921,-78.358078,-78.35822,-78.358331,-78.358406,-78.358499,-78.358595,-78.358775,-78.358827,-78.359162,-78.359209,-78.35929,-78.359379,-78.359489,-78.359955,-78.360095,-78.360191,-78.360262,-78.360524,-78.361499,-78.361746,-78.36196,-78.362069,-78.362219,-78.362455,-78.362773,-78.363425,-78.363448,-78.363848,-78.364191,-78.364451,-78.364827,-78.365436,-78.365606,-78.366146,-78.366375,-78.366408,-78.366568],"lat":[37.938288,37.944979,37.945188,37.952967,37.955691,37.955804,37.955756,37.955562,37.955215,37.955048,37.954866,37.95482,37.954518,37.954355,37.954293,37.953936,37.953923,37.95301,37.952837,37.951497,37.951089,37.950749,37.949725,37.948788,37.946552,37.944626,37.94354,37.942746,37.942335,37.941636,37.941616,37.94161,37.941457,37.941224,37.941215,37.941,37.940826,37.9408,37.940888,37.940841,37.940887,37.940874,37.940817,37.940732,37.940714,37.940696,37.940688,37.940426,37.940336,37.940358,37.940229,37.939994,37.939845,37.939645,37.939468,37.939364,37.939344,37.939291,37.939199,37.939196,37.939163,37.939137,37.938972,37.938799,37.93859,37.938481,37.938408,37.93791,37.93787,37.937513,37.934019,37.932318,37.932029,37.931899,37.93182,37.93192,37.931815,37.931736,37.931512,37.930919,37.930489,37.928849,37.926826,37.924345,37.921654,37.92057,37.919653,37.918485,37.918381,37.91813,37.918035,37.91796,37.917841,37.917718,37.917617,37.917469,37.917333,37.917174,37.917048,37.916879,37.916756,37.916596,37.916427,37.916216,37.915824,37.915695,37.915521,37.91502,37.914942,37.914607,37.914464,37.914398,37.914338,37.914288,37.914184,37.913943,37.913899,37.913882,37.913816,37.91342,37.913618,37.913785,37.914875,37.914715,37.914781,37.915465,37.915672,37.91615,37.916352,37.916543,37.916793,37.916859,37.916919,37.916871,37.916829,37.916906,37.916997,37.917068,37.917135,37.917305,37.917077,37.917097,37.91704,37.917122,37.917503,37.917656,37.917781,37.91794,37.918021,37.917942,37.918153,37.917811,37.917502,37.916841,37.91644,37.916301,37.916072,37.915278,37.915014,37.914704,37.914594,37.914318,37.914261,37.914016,37.913038,37.912813,37.912037,37.911875,37.911143,37.910923,37.910511,37.910506,37.910514,37.910542,37.910576,37.910624,37.91068,37.910749,37.910828,37.911125,37.911208,37.911285,37.91135,37.911424,37.911464,37.911483,37.911489,37.911482,37.911462,37.911068,37.910687,37.910357,37.910124,37.909816,37.90965,37.909265,37.908432,37.907745,37.906906,37.906413,37.906054,37.905976,37.905892,37.905785,37.905712,37.905628,37.905545,37.905483,37.905425,37.905284,37.905145,37.904997,37.904899,37.904829,37.904801,37.904739,37.904706,37.90468,37.904661,37.904656,37.904661,37.904681,37.90474,37.904774,37.904849,37.904855,37.904853,37.90484,37.904749,37.904696,37.904692,37.90466,37.904609,37.904592,37.904539,37.90448,37.904424,37.904355,37.904288,37.904186,37.904083,37.904047,37.903933,37.903588,37.903766,37.904014,37.904211,37.904254,37.904461,37.905017,37.905442,37.90574,37.906167,37.906432,37.906599,37.906889,37.906924,37.907274,37.907592,37.908157,37.908513,37.9088,37.908912,37.909139,37.909297,37.909498,37.909598,37.909898,37.910121,37.910272,37.910585,37.91143,37.911665,37.911881,37.912149,37.912346,37.912544,37.912776,37.912968,37.913233,37.913453,37.913631,37.913801,37.914017,37.914437,37.915584,37.916223,37.917836,37.918469,37.918692,37.918995,37.919316,37.919509,37.919707,37.919851,37.920876,37.921044,37.921247,37.921358,37.921457,37.921643,37.921753,37.921883,37.922036,37.922155,37.922266,37.922378,37.922485,37.922606,37.922717,37.923024,37.923257,37.923455,37.923571,37.92367,37.923789,37.92392,37.92409,37.924184,37.924348,37.924521,37.924685,37.924818,37.925022,37.925315,37.925952,37.926139,37.927362,37.927501,37.927684,37.927838,37.927978,37.928487,37.928652,37.928774,37.928874,37.929297,37.931015,37.931464,37.931823,37.931988,37.932185,37.932479,37.932872,37.933672,37.933701,37.934201,37.934649,37.935022,37.935613,37.936572,37.936839,37.937668,37.938012,37.93806,37.938288]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.351164,-78.351083,-78.349329,-78.345487,-78.344588,-78.337923,-78.336,-78.335938,-78.333397,-78.330335,-78.330156,-78.329028,-78.327141,-78.326485,-78.326269,-78.325332,-78.325248,-78.324924,-78.324615,-78.324537,-78.320306,-78.320252,-78.320173,-78.319529,-78.316855,-78.315715,-78.315347,-78.314461,-78.313229,-78.31297,-78.312329,-78.310235,-78.310007,-78.309789,-78.309321,-78.308791,-78.30795,-78.30776,-78.306866,-78.306763,-78.305857,-78.304348,-78.304337,-78.304325,-78.304043,-78.301877,-78.301596,-78.301299,-78.301201,-78.301158,-78.30024,-78.300228,-78.300208,-78.299988,-78.299927,-78.299892,-78.299671,-78.299626,-78.299558,-78.299443,-78.299361,-78.299281,-78.298837,-78.298778,-78.298759,-78.298634,-78.298487,-78.298334,-78.297852,-78.297492,-78.295702,-78.294098,-78.294071,-78.29406,-78.294042,-78.293797,-78.293744,-78.293709,-78.292598,-78.291999,-78.290044,-78.289783,-78.288971,-78.288941,-78.288919,-78.287609,-78.287511,-78.287428,-78.286653,-78.286533,-78.284822,-78.284231,-78.284166,-78.284133,-78.2841,-78.283837,-78.283368,-78.283212,-78.283056,-78.282431,-78.280728,-78.280138,-78.279428,-78.279378,-78.279039,-78.278535,-78.278228,-78.278137,-78.277434,-78.276527,-78.275979,-78.275881,-78.275822,-78.275804,-78.27506,-78.274191,-78.274032,-78.27319,-78.273108,-78.273097,-78.273086,-78.273024,-78.272969,-78.272845,-78.272822,-78.272654,-78.272532,-78.272027,-78.270454,-78.269123,-78.267124,-78.266976,-78.266956,-78.266926,-78.26685,-78.266536,-78.266435,-78.266405,-78.266101,-78.265231,-78.264027,-78.262627,-78.260966,-78.260827,-78.258027,-78.256727,-78.255628,-78.25555,-78.255498,-78.255325,-78.254517,-78.254295,-78.253296,-78.253011,-78.252868,-78.252725,-78.252527,-78.252429,-78.252227,-78.251928,-78.251327,-78.250846,-78.25074,-78.250529,-78.249927,-78.249726,-78.249725,-78.249725,-78.249259,-78.249235,-78.249218,-78.249181,-78.249139,-78.249125,-78.24802,-78.246961,-78.246532,-78.245766,-78.245752,-78.245739,-78.245229,-78.243826,-78.242926,-78.241928,-78.239026,-78.238626,-78.237726,-78.236126,-78.235643,-78.234627,-78.232626,-78.232374,-78.231426,-78.231314,-78.231209,-78.230625,-78.230204,-78.230175,-78.230126,-78.228263,-78.227941,-78.223813,-78.223524,-78.223364,-78.223317,-78.223307,-78.223299,-78.223286,-78.223267,-78.223247,-78.223179,-78.222501,-78.2219,-78.221891,-78.221755,-78.221668,-78.221516,-78.220631,-78.220546,-78.220266,-78.220247,-78.220143,-78.220092,-78.219455,-78.219381,-78.219303,-78.219244,-78.219157,-78.215559,-78.215163,-78.21474,-78.214654,-78.214631,-78.214623,-78.21455,-78.214403,-78.214042,-78.213999,-78.213229,-78.209001,-78.208822,-78.207391,-78.205325,-78.205125,-78.203293,-78.201087,-78.195959,-78.195655,-78.195606,-78.195515,-78.195412,-78.195231,-78.194995,-78.194207,-78.194008,-78.193784,-78.193619,-78.193465,-78.193378,-78.193122,-78.192945,-78.192796,-78.192595,-78.192387,-78.192125,-78.192059,-78.192006,-78.191973,-78.191959,-78.191963,-78.192007,-78.192122,-78.192344,-78.192523,-78.192843,-78.19308,-78.193198,-78.193326,-78.193515,-78.193755,-78.19428,-78.194367,-78.194483,-78.194582,-78.194631,-78.194692,-78.194735,-78.194763,-78.194873,-78.1949,-78.194929,-78.194965,-78.195026,-78.195133,-78.195407,-78.195648,-78.195819,-78.196004,-78.196311,-78.196504,-78.196713,-78.197076,-78.197351,-78.197594,-78.197803,-78.198035,-78.19862,-78.199048,-78.199081,-78.199715,-78.199834,-78.199918,-78.200082,-78.200388,-78.200459,-78.200482,-78.200495,-78.200498,-78.200475,-78.20045,-78.200432,-78.200365,-78.20028,-78.199876,-78.199795,-78.199735,-78.199709,-78.199695,-78.199677,-78.199669,-78.199673,-78.19969,-78.199734,-78.199761,-78.199789,-78.200171,-78.200306,-78.200496,-78.200674,-78.200693,-78.200748,-78.200803,-78.200916,-78.201045,-78.201281,-78.201459,-78.201623,-78.2018,-78.201913,-78.202116,-78.202327,-78.202666,-78.203332,-78.203779,-78.204011,-78.204242,-78.204419,-78.20462,-78.204771,-78.204931,-78.205129,-78.205403,-78.205727,-78.206247,-78.206387,-78.20651,-78.206675,-78.20688,-78.207102,-78.207194,-78.207569,-78.208094,-78.208587,-78.208633,-78.208868,-78.209167,-78.20957,-78.210029,-78.210997,-78.21118,-78.212257,-78.212728,-78.2131,-78.213784,-78.21434,-78.214538,-78.215154,-78.215346,-78.215537,-78.215997,-78.216368,-78.216647,-78.216998,-78.217256,-78.217604,-78.21869,-78.219386,-78.219751,-78.220052,-78.220289,-78.220657,-78.222276,-78.222928,-78.223156,-78.223319,-78.224212,-78.224587,-78.225431,-78.226167,-78.227155,-78.227833,-78.22791,-78.228014,-78.22822,-78.228494,-78.228716,-78.228933,-78.229141,-78.229528,-78.230256,-78.230866,-78.231264,-78.231684,-78.231978,-78.232181,-78.232441,-78.233477,-78.233706,-78.234057,-78.234451,-78.234546,-78.234722,-78.234892,-78.234917,-78.235016,-78.235107,-78.235225,-78.235344,-78.235793,-78.235961,-78.236401,-78.236547,-78.236633,-78.237035,-78.23783,-78.237992,-78.238069,-78.239322,-78.239617,-78.239676,-78.239762,-78.239838,-78.239927,-78.240044,-78.240183,-78.241674,-78.241869,-78.242058,-78.242237,-78.242406,-78.242634,-78.242977,-78.243857,-78.244539,-78.245068,-78.245416,-78.245579,-78.245762,-78.245929,-78.246225,-78.246689,-78.246761,-78.246805,-78.246871,-78.246889,-78.246952,-78.247104,-78.247288,-78.247602,-78.248229,-78.248769,-78.249039,-78.249574,-78.24974,-78.249914,-78.250093,-78.250275,-78.250662,-78.250817,-78.250968,-78.251115,-78.251227,-78.251294,-78.25136,-78.251535,-78.252058,-78.252076,-78.252309,-78.252625,-78.252845,-78.252991,-78.253174,-78.253268,-78.253393,-78.253497,-78.253604,-78.253739,-78.253874,-78.254059,-78.254317,-78.254569,-78.254814,-78.255143,-78.255319,-78.255663,-78.255991,-78.256367,-78.256651,-78.256545,-78.256524,-78.256481,-78.256436,-78.256418,-78.25642,-78.256441,-78.256504,-78.256571,-78.256639,-78.25671,-78.256814,-78.256887,-78.256991,-78.257139,-78.257304,-78.257485,-78.257609,-78.257954,-78.258139,-78.259013,-78.259461,-78.259695,-78.260273,-78.260348,-78.260525,-78.260687,-78.260897,-78.261006,-78.261246,-78.261497,-78.262133,-78.262779,-78.262885,-78.262972,-78.263059,-78.263099,-78.26312,-78.263123,-78.263112,-78.263084,-78.26305,-78.262968,-78.262546,-78.262395,-78.262299,-78.262268,-78.26226,-78.262254,-78.262263,-78.2623,-78.262318,-78.26235,-78.262733,-78.262852,-78.262943,-78.262987,-78.263011,-78.263014,-78.263004,-78.262981,-78.262925,-78.262851,-78.262797,-78.26269,-78.262539,-78.262259,-78.261707,-78.260706,-78.260598,-78.260501,-78.260451,-78.260404,-78.260355,-78.260333,-78.260329,-78.260343,-78.260375,-78.260412,-78.260474,-78.260571,-78.260851,-78.261419,-78.261541,-78.261663,-78.261882,-78.262872,-78.263102,-78.263203,-78.263313,-78.263397,-78.263454,-78.263478,-78.263495,-78.263544,-78.263562,-78.263569,-78.263589,-78.263626,-78.263652,-78.263797,-78.263971,-78.264048,-78.264079,-78.2641,-78.264132,-78.264159,-78.264187,-78.264225,-78.264242,-78.264249,-78.26427,-78.264332,-78.264374,-78.264423,-78.264524,-78.264651,-78.264749,-78.264835,-78.264925,-78.265019,-78.265578,-78.265782,-78.266005,-78.266766,-78.267571,-78.267714,-78.267839,-78.267961,-78.268097,-78.268431,-78.268767,-78.270421,-78.271322,-78.271636,-78.272041,-78.272215,-78.272814,-78.27319,-78.273689,-78.274667,-78.275747,-78.276991,-78.278481,-78.27875,-78.279967,-78.280127,-78.280295,-78.280433,-78.280777,-78.281124,-78.282522,-78.282969,-78.283174,-78.283326,-78.283695,-78.284997,-78.285313,-78.285573,-78.285878,-78.286179,-78.286545,-78.286863,-78.287336,-78.287649,-78.288724,-78.289254,-78.289414,-78.289603,-78.289749,-78.289886,-78.290665,-78.29116,-78.291318,-78.291528,-78.291841,-78.292276,-78.293033,-78.293285,-78.293885,-78.294183,-78.294506,-78.294775,-78.295301,-78.295617,-78.295819,-78.296741,-78.297949,-78.298781,-78.298959,-78.299113,-78.299269,-78.299426,-78.300006,-78.302263,-78.302764,-78.303015,-78.303177,-78.303323,-78.303499,-78.303666,-78.303901,-78.304341,-78.304489,-78.304574,-78.304655,-78.304771,-78.304923,-78.305084,-78.30525,-78.305541,-78.306207,-78.30696,-78.307313,-78.30757,-78.307932,-78.308144,-78.308374,-78.308587,-78.308953,-78.309402,-78.309685,-78.310683,-78.310984,-78.311513,-78.311936,-78.312299,-78.312508,-78.312899,-78.31306,-78.313267,-78.313578,-78.314261,-78.314804,-78.315121,-78.315687,-78.316099,-78.316804,-78.317164,-78.317459,-78.318105,-78.31829,-78.318509,-78.318864,-78.31923,-78.31978,-78.320059,-78.32015,-78.320244,-78.320337,-78.320395,-78.320585,-78.320693,-78.321123,-78.321144,-78.321211,-78.321299,-78.321368,-78.321407,-78.321426,-78.321433,-78.321423,-78.321366,-78.321362,-78.321373,-78.321402,-78.321446,-78.321484,-78.321512,-78.321543,-78.321545,-78.321533,-78.321496,-78.321468,-78.321228,-78.320927,-78.320745,-78.320699,-78.320691,-78.320764,-78.320844,-78.320947,-78.321059,-78.321003,-78.321002,-78.320925,-78.320871,-78.320834,-78.320805,-78.320792,-78.320796,-78.320809,-78.320813,-78.320817,-78.321013,-78.321111,-78.321188,-78.321203,-78.321228,-78.321231,-78.321218,-78.321195,-78.32118,-78.32114,-78.321061,-78.320944,-78.320674,-78.320417,-78.320303,-78.320126,-78.320052,-78.319872,-78.319646,-78.319483,-78.31916,-78.318986,-78.318719,-78.318013,-78.317863,-78.317684,-78.317404,-78.317211,-78.316972,-78.316802,-78.316483,-78.316411,-78.316026,-78.315933,-78.315831,-78.315705,-78.31466,-78.314195,-78.314112,-78.313718,-78.312603,-78.311781,-78.311459,-78.31129,-78.311178,-78.311079,-78.310972,-78.310761,-78.310472,-78.310127,-78.309879,-78.309625,-78.309494,-78.309292,-78.309088,-78.308643,-78.308411,-78.305713,-78.303702,-78.302168,-78.301494,-78.301248,-78.301065,-78.300924,-78.300862,-78.300767,-78.300681,-78.30061,-78.300516,-78.300386,-78.299982,-78.299895,-78.299805,-78.299709,-78.299597,-78.299477,-78.299345,-78.2992,-78.298803,-78.297676,-78.297548,-78.297432,-78.297349,-78.297286,-78.297223,-78.29694,-78.296866,-78.296774,-78.296637,-78.296428,-78.296321,-78.296029,-78.295944,-78.295854,-78.295809,-78.295781,-78.295767,-78.295766,-78.29578,-78.295853,-78.295929,-78.295965,-78.296027,-78.296076,-78.296172,-78.29653,-78.296633,-78.29679,-78.296868,-78.297007,-78.297197,-78.297276,-78.297349,-78.297484,-78.297634,-78.297751,-78.297942,-78.298149,-78.298232,-78.298379,-78.298514,-78.298787,-78.299024,-78.29911,-78.299174,-78.299354,-78.299432,-78.29947,-78.299487,-78.299486,-78.299465,-78.299432,-78.299368,-78.299293,-78.299185,-78.299096,-78.298966,-78.298812,-78.298696,-78.298528,-78.298014,-78.297788,-78.298714,-78.29952,-78.300472,-78.302484,-78.304547,-78.306207,-78.307493,-78.307949,-78.309021,-78.309808,-78.31035,-78.310442,-78.31063,-78.311171,-78.311561,-78.312052,-78.313743,-78.316777,-78.317485,-78.317756,-78.31843,-78.318927,-78.319181,-78.319364,-78.320304,-78.320685,-78.321063,-78.321564,-78.321605,-78.322232,-78.322598,-78.322653,-78.322935,-78.323414,-78.323846,-78.324168,-78.324675,-78.325065,-78.325163,-78.325282,-78.326574,-78.326804,-78.327335,-78.327873,-78.328722,-78.329296,-78.329425,-78.331353,-78.331669,-78.332064,-78.332245,-78.332437,-78.333193,-78.333224,-78.33364,-78.333914,-78.333924,-78.33406,-78.335245,-78.335942,-78.337152,-78.338619,-78.340865,-78.342872,-78.343697,-78.344992,-78.345331,-78.345887,-78.347136,-78.347298,-78.348573,-78.348664,-78.349372,-78.349445,-78.349637,-78.349993,-78.350309,-78.350312,-78.350459,-78.350874,-78.351106,-78.351164],"lat":[37.955804,37.955899,37.957888,37.962258,37.963283,37.970859,37.973046,37.973118,37.975997,37.979466,37.979668,37.980943,37.983112,37.983865,37.984113,37.985187,37.985284,37.985657,37.986009,37.986103,37.990953,37.991013,37.991104,37.991842,37.994909,37.996219,37.996638,37.997655,37.999067,37.999364,38.000101,38.002502,38.002767,38.003014,38.003553,38.004158,38.005122,38.005342,38.006364,38.006474,38.006034,38.005312,38.005307,38.005301,38.005166,38.004123,38.003988,38.003845,38.003798,38.003777,38.003334,38.003328,38.003319,38.003208,38.003177,38.003159,38.003047,38.003025,38.002992,38.002934,38.002892,38.002852,38.002628,38.002598,38.002588,38.002525,38.002451,38.002374,38.002131,38.00195,38.001048,38.000243,38.00023,38.000225,38.000216,38.000097,38.000071,38.000054,37.999533,37.999252,37.998334,37.998214,37.997859,37.997846,37.997836,37.997225,37.997179,37.99714,37.996717,37.996652,37.995737,37.995382,37.995343,37.995323,37.995303,37.995145,37.994877,37.994788,37.994699,37.994342,37.99364,37.993322,37.99294,37.992915,37.992746,37.992493,37.99234,37.992297,37.991966,37.99154,37.991345,37.99131,37.991289,37.991283,37.991016,37.9907,37.990642,37.990347,37.990318,37.990314,37.99031,37.990288,37.990269,37.990226,37.990218,37.990159,37.990116,37.98994,37.989449,37.989039,37.988339,37.988308,37.988304,37.988298,37.988282,37.988216,37.988194,37.988188,37.988124,37.98794,37.98764,37.98734,37.986971,37.98694,37.98624,37.98584,37.98544,37.985419,37.985405,37.985358,37.985138,37.985082,37.98483,37.984735,37.984687,37.984639,37.98454,37.98454,37.98444,37.98444,37.98424,37.98412,37.984093,37.98404,37.98394,37.98394,37.983816,37.98379,37.983595,37.983585,37.983578,37.983563,37.983545,37.983539,37.983338,37.983126,37.98304,37.982923,37.982921,37.982919,37.982841,37.98254,37.98224,37.981958,37.98114,37.98104,37.98074,37.98034,37.980179,37.979841,37.97934,37.979256,37.97894,37.978898,37.978858,37.978641,37.978563,37.97855,37.97854,37.976962,37.976686,37.97317,37.972924,37.972788,37.972748,37.972739,37.972732,37.972721,37.972705,37.972688,37.97263,37.972052,37.971542,37.971524,37.971419,37.97135,37.97123,37.970529,37.970462,37.97024,37.970225,37.970142,37.970102,37.969504,37.969431,37.969354,37.969295,37.969208,37.966147,37.96581,37.96545,37.965377,37.965358,37.965351,37.965289,37.965164,37.964857,37.96482,37.964165,37.960568,37.960416,37.959198,37.95744,37.95734,37.956598,37.955705,37.953628,37.953186,37.953129,37.953043,37.952967,37.952876,37.952775,37.952509,37.952429,37.95232,37.952229,37.952127,37.952061,37.95183,37.951698,37.9516,37.951494,37.951397,37.951288,37.951246,37.951191,37.951113,37.951031,37.950948,37.950816,37.950553,37.950078,37.949734,37.949178,37.948768,37.948578,37.948373,37.948085,37.947751,37.947114,37.947008,37.946857,37.946699,37.9466,37.946427,37.94625,37.946052,37.944819,37.944582,37.944415,37.944271,37.944094,37.943863,37.943323,37.942894,37.942624,37.942371,37.941995,37.941782,37.94158,37.941243,37.941005,37.940759,37.940509,37.940192,37.939338,37.93872,37.938672,37.937736,37.937531,37.937358,37.936915,37.936043,37.935794,37.935693,37.935533,37.935412,37.93519,37.935054,37.934969,37.934764,37.934563,37.93379,37.933607,37.933429,37.933323,37.933256,37.933121,37.932951,37.932765,37.932601,37.932327,37.932231,37.932126,37.931,37.930565,37.929926,37.929316,37.929264,37.929129,37.92902,37.928842,37.928672,37.928398,37.928212,37.928062,37.927921,37.927843,37.927723,37.92762,37.927474,37.927201,37.926997,37.926878,37.926742,37.926625,37.926472,37.926342,37.926179,37.925952,37.925603,37.925208,37.924588,37.92446,37.924365,37.924257,37.92415,37.924053,37.924018,37.92386,37.923647,37.923439,37.92342,37.923331,37.923231,37.923119,37.923004,37.922777,37.922734,37.922483,37.922344,37.922224,37.921989,37.921786,37.921713,37.921487,37.921417,37.921358,37.921245,37.921164,37.92111,37.921042,37.921002,37.920963,37.920891,37.920858,37.920814,37.920762,37.92071,37.920603,37.920151,37.919996,37.919957,37.919936,37.919866,37.919847,37.919782,37.919716,37.919634,37.919571,37.919563,37.919551,37.919525,37.919471,37.919412,37.919338,37.919252,37.919063,37.918719,37.918436,37.918242,37.918059,37.917924,37.917845,37.917757,37.917438,37.91737,37.917256,37.917109,37.917067,37.916974,37.91686,37.916839,37.916756,37.916666,37.916522,37.916337,37.915643,37.915386,37.914749,37.914538,37.914414,37.913787,37.912545,37.912298,37.912178,37.910221,37.90978,37.909705,37.909617,37.909556,37.909497,37.909436,37.909383,37.909012,37.908948,37.908872,37.908783,37.908682,37.908522,37.908257,37.907592,37.907067,37.906676,37.906407,37.906273,37.906101,37.905919,37.905552,37.904999,37.904919,37.904875,37.904814,37.904798,37.904745,37.904634,37.904523,37.904356,37.904073,37.903815,37.903689,37.903455,37.903394,37.903346,37.903311,37.90329,37.903287,37.9033,37.903327,37.903368,37.903411,37.903441,37.903475,37.903588,37.904,37.904016,37.904175,37.904371,37.904494,37.90457,37.904661,37.904703,37.904745,37.904768,37.904783,37.904789,37.904781,37.904749,37.90469,37.904617,37.904531,37.904386,37.904299,37.904112,37.903909,37.903648,37.903471,37.903054,37.902945,37.902688,37.902321,37.902024,37.901745,37.901467,37.901045,37.900713,37.900449,37.90025,37.899988,37.899822,37.8996,37.899321,37.899048,37.898781,37.898616,37.898156,37.897916,37.896787,37.896214,37.8959,37.895122,37.895016,37.894749,37.894475,37.894064,37.893829,37.893265,37.892672,37.891123,37.889584,37.889318,37.889048,37.888725,37.888508,37.88829,37.888115,37.887816,37.887561,37.887359,37.886974,37.88499,37.884312,37.883811,37.883552,37.883448,37.883292,37.883033,37.882724,37.882622,37.882469,37.880874,37.880405,37.879978,37.879679,37.879385,37.879116,37.878901,37.878687,37.878377,37.878071,37.877888,37.877595,37.877248,37.876705,37.875692,37.873798,37.873573,37.873319,37.87316,37.872987,37.872724,37.872503,37.872264,37.871999,37.871735,37.871547,37.871324,37.871061,37.870443,37.869152,37.868882,37.868587,37.86809,37.865886,37.865365,37.865101,37.864768,37.864446,37.864158,37.863999,37.863867,37.863215,37.862829,37.861798,37.861486,37.861174,37.86102,37.860227,37.859268,37.858889,37.858739,37.858656,37.858527,37.858367,37.858092,37.857893,37.857859,37.85785,37.857824,37.85774,37.857688,37.857626,37.857506,37.857391,37.857317,37.857263,37.857213,37.857169,37.856962,37.856892,37.856817,37.856546,37.856259,37.856494,37.856685,37.856835,37.85696,37.857218,37.857502,37.858746,37.859414,37.859636,37.859908,37.860015,37.860388,37.860605,37.860868,37.861365,37.861897,37.862497,37.863232,37.863363,37.863957,37.864021,37.864073,37.864105,37.86416,37.8642,37.864381,37.864454,37.864497,37.864537,37.864643,37.865029,37.86513,37.865218,37.865332,37.86546,37.865631,37.865763,37.865935,37.866043,37.866404,37.866598,37.866669,37.866768,37.866858,37.866955,37.867541,37.867884,37.86798,37.868092,37.868228,37.868393,37.868654,37.868749,37.868997,37.869105,37.869201,37.869275,37.869413,37.869505,37.869574,37.869918,37.87037,37.870677,37.870727,37.870753,37.870766,37.870764,37.870708,37.870449,37.870387,37.870342,37.870299,37.87025,37.870177,37.870092,37.869947,37.86965,37.869547,37.869485,37.869435,37.869374,37.869309,37.869257,37.869219,37.869183,37.869121,37.869037,37.869003,37.868984,37.86897,37.868974,37.868987,37.869009,37.869059,37.869135,37.869188,37.869386,37.869446,37.869563,37.86967,37.86977,37.869829,37.869952,37.870016,37.870112,37.870282,37.870646,37.870921,37.871082,37.871384,37.871615,37.872031,37.872215,37.872352,37.872607,37.872688,37.872801,37.873013,37.873251,37.873592,37.873773,37.873844,37.873934,37.874048,37.874138,37.874509,37.874701,37.875432,37.875471,37.875606,37.875819,37.876036,37.876227,37.876392,37.876537,37.876786,37.877477,37.877784,37.878066,37.878348,37.878615,37.878803,37.878967,37.879234,37.879448,37.879618,37.879819,37.879931,37.880744,37.881787,37.882444,37.882674,37.882768,37.883294,37.883628,37.883914,37.884079,37.884199,37.88433,37.884467,37.88459,37.884717,37.884912,37.885141,37.885344,37.885468,37.885504,37.88554,37.886576,37.887045,37.887373,37.887453,37.887653,37.887766,37.887887,37.887983,37.888029,37.888121,37.888254,37.888406,37.888678,37.888933,37.889057,37.88927,37.889369,37.88961,37.88992,37.890179,37.890778,37.891116,37.891624,37.892969,37.893249,37.893552,37.893997,37.894271,37.894575,37.894766,37.895088,37.895156,37.895516,37.895611,37.895716,37.895857,37.897127,37.897694,37.897795,37.898288,37.899715,37.900752,37.901158,37.901357,37.901464,37.901543,37.901615,37.901728,37.901853,37.901981,37.902058,37.902119,37.902142,37.902164,37.902171,37.902158,37.902149,37.902009,37.901909,37.901818,37.901771,37.901771,37.901783,37.901814,37.901838,37.901886,37.901948,37.90202,37.902155,37.902427,37.903384,37.903574,37.903745,37.903892,37.904027,37.904137,37.904238,37.904329,37.904549,37.90516,37.905242,37.905334,37.905415,37.905494,37.905599,37.906259,37.906413,37.906569,37.906764,37.907021,37.907151,37.907539,37.907673,37.907846,37.907989,37.908134,37.90832,37.908421,37.90859,37.908985,37.909466,37.909639,37.909853,37.909978,37.910162,37.910725,37.910895,37.911191,37.911366,37.911741,37.91237,37.912576,37.912724,37.912968,37.913201,37.91336,37.913584,37.913826,37.913941,37.914178,37.914441,37.91502,37.915521,37.915695,37.915824,37.916216,37.916427,37.916596,37.916756,37.916879,37.917048,37.917174,37.917333,37.917469,37.917617,37.917718,37.917841,37.91796,37.918035,37.91813,37.918381,37.918485,37.919653,37.92057,37.921654,37.924345,37.926826,37.928849,37.930489,37.930919,37.931512,37.931736,37.931815,37.93192,37.93182,37.931899,37.932029,37.932318,37.934019,37.937513,37.93787,37.93791,37.938408,37.938481,37.93859,37.938799,37.938972,37.939137,37.939163,37.939196,37.939199,37.939291,37.939344,37.939364,37.939468,37.939645,37.939845,37.939994,37.940229,37.940358,37.940336,37.940426,37.940688,37.940696,37.940714,37.940732,37.940817,37.940874,37.940887,37.940841,37.940888,37.9408,37.940826,37.941,37.941215,37.941224,37.941457,37.94161,37.941616,37.941636,37.942335,37.942746,37.94354,37.944626,37.946552,37.948788,37.949725,37.950749,37.951089,37.951497,37.952837,37.95301,37.953923,37.953936,37.954293,37.954355,37.954518,37.95482,37.954866,37.955048,37.955215,37.955562,37.955756,37.955804]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#41AAAA"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 7.7%<br>Number of families: 120<br>Census Tract: 203<br>Area Name: Cunningham","Percent of families: 7.6%<br>Number of families: 103<br>Census Tract: 202<br>Area Name: Columbia/Fork Union","Percent of families: 11.4%<br>Number of families: 103<br>Census Tract: 201.03<br>Area Name: Lake Monticello","Percent of families: 10%<br>Number of families: 178<br>Census Tract: 201.04<br>Area Name: Rivanna","Percent of families: 3.6%<br>Number of families: 55<br>Census Tract: 201.01<br>Area Name: Palmyra"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.690308,38.006474],"lng":[-78.491345,-78.062481]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Greene County

#### Greene County

There are 5,372 families living in Greene County. Of these, 791 (14.7%)
do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the costs
associated with working.

Greene County at a glance:

- The costs of basic needs and working for Greene residents are around
  \$52,000, lower than the cost of expenses in Albemarle,
  Charlottesville, and Fluvanna but higher than the associated expenses
  in Nelson, Louisa, and Buckingham.

- In Greene, the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 a year
  (20%) is 18% higher than the percent of white families making under
  \$35,000 a year (12%).

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Greene County

<br/> As this table shows, 78% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Greene County,
Black families are very over-represented at the low end of the pay range
(under \$35,000) and slightly under-represented at the high end of the
pay range (over \$100,000). In other words, relative to white families,
Black families are more likely to be paid insufficient wages.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Greene County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-34-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income or the percent of families within the tract who
make less than \$35,000 yearly.

To see which neighborhoods in Greene County have the highest and lowest
median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median income and
neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Greene County

<div id="htmlwidget-51afec33fe2e953dedc4" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-51afec33fe2e953dedc4">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.6626,-78.662406,-78.662128,-78.661878,-78.661629,-78.661268,-78.660698,-78.660169,-78.659534,-78.65928,-78.659073,-78.658768,-78.658448,-78.658339,-78.658452,-78.6583,-78.657938,-78.657239,-78.656961,-78.656836,-78.656475,-78.656061,-78.655616,-78.655144,-78.654504,-78.653808,-78.653184,-78.652639,-78.652264,-78.651569,-78.651214,-78.650855,-78.649656,-78.648652,-78.647508,-78.646504,-78.645235,-78.644386,-78.643508,-78.642489,-78.642452,-78.642031,-78.641652,-78.640969,-78.640243,-78.639212,-78.637958,-78.637038,-78.636701,-78.636189,-78.635576,-78.63527,-78.634337,-78.633836,-78.63321,-78.632597,-78.632111,-78.631502,-78.63093,-78.630335,-78.629873,-78.629666,-78.629495,-78.629193,-78.628525,-78.627592,-78.626422,-78.625655,-78.624582,-78.623649,-78.622855,-78.622644,-78.622556,-78.622325,-78.621267,-78.620488,-78.619303,-78.618105,-78.616948,-78.615903,-78.615011,-78.614691,-78.614147,-78.613858,-78.613261,-78.613214,-78.612058,-78.611935,-78.610859,-78.60895,-78.606985,-78.605131,-78.60378,-78.603447,-78.602721,-78.602248,-78.602263,-78.602292,-78.602213,-78.602162,-78.602068,-78.601976,-78.601713,-78.601045,-78.600641,-78.600307,-78.599025,-78.597715,-78.596573,-78.595529,-78.595418,-78.595392,-78.594333,-78.593803,-78.592772,-78.592239,-78.591685,-78.591013,-78.590752,-78.589972,-78.58954,-78.588565,-78.588482,-78.587506,-78.585248,-78.583589,-78.582432,-78.581302,-78.580773,-78.579813,-78.578711,-78.576746,-78.575505,-78.575287,-78.574442,-78.574375,-78.574004,-78.573204,-78.572897,-78.57174,-78.570094,-78.568431,-78.568146,-78.567232,-78.566452,-78.565438,-78.565119,-78.564965,-78.564714,-78.563637,-78.561841,-78.560308,-78.559822,-78.559081,-78.558231,-78.557004,-78.555819,-78.555373,-78.555011,-78.55395,-78.553143,-78.55253,-78.551987,-78.551583,-78.551778,-78.551994,-78.552295,-78.5527,-78.552729,-78.552702,-78.552671,-78.552661,-78.552701,-78.552773,-78.553025,-78.553067,-78.553291,-78.55364,-78.553766,-78.553822,-78.553809,-78.553112,-78.551997,-78.550812,-78.549654,-78.549508,-78.54826,-78.547298,-78.546866,-78.546657,-78.546602,-78.54631,-78.54571,-78.54541,-78.545351,-78.545304,-78.545199,-78.544986,-78.544771,-78.54457,-78.544429,-78.544267,-78.544005,-78.5439,-78.543782,-78.543653,-78.543541,-78.543423,-78.543321,-78.543189,-78.543055,-78.542922,-78.542296,-78.541923,-78.541609,-78.541356,-78.541103,-78.540858,-78.540385,-78.540156,-78.540073,-78.539962,-78.539826,-78.539695,-78.539569,-78.539475,-78.539387,-78.53921,-78.539085,-78.53895,-78.538807,-78.538688,-78.538566,-78.538078,-78.537954,-78.537838,-78.537731,-78.537634,-78.537551,-78.537495,-78.537371,-78.537193,-78.537154,-78.537105,-78.537032,-78.536967,-78.536877,-78.536782,-78.536684,-78.536598,-78.536514,-78.536428,-78.536361,-78.536271,-78.536196,-78.536147,-78.536075,-78.536034,-78.535998,-78.53598,-78.53598,-78.535997,-78.536016,-78.536073,-78.536198,-78.536237,-78.536539,-78.536714,-78.536757,-78.536779,-78.536789,-78.536783,-78.536758,-78.536716,-78.536643,-78.536582,-78.536455,-78.535837,-78.535396,-78.535171,-78.53476,-78.534637,-78.534529,-78.534381,-78.534254,-78.534085,-78.531905,-78.531582,-78.531367,-78.531224,-78.531056,-78.530832,-78.530678,-78.530487,-78.530347,-78.530193,-78.53006,-78.529735,-78.529535,-78.5294,-78.529046,-78.528889,-78.528726,-78.528353,-78.528077,-78.527732,-78.527559,-78.527387,-78.527252,-78.527087,-78.526929,-78.52678,-78.526695,-78.526288,-78.525993,-78.52589,-78.5258,-78.525658,-78.525606,-78.525509,-78.525409,-78.525288,-78.525172,-78.525064,-78.524966,-78.52488,-78.524265,-78.524162,-78.524023,-78.523871,-78.523737,-78.523578,-78.523399,-78.52321,-78.52297,-78.522726,-78.522389,-78.522049,-78.521709,-78.521529,-78.520972,-78.520527,-78.519781,-78.519569,-78.519305,-78.51904,-78.518816,-78.518639,-78.518422,-78.51821,-78.518006,-78.517849,-78.517598,-78.516935,-78.516725,-78.516551,-78.51586,-78.515182,-78.514274,-78.514173,-78.51366,-78.512179,-78.51189,-78.51167,-78.511422,-78.511185,-78.511003,-78.510705,-78.510122,-78.509698,-78.50935,-78.509146,-78.508958,-78.50853,-78.508387,-78.507698,-78.507554,-78.507375,-78.507127,-78.507063,-78.506849,-78.506446,-78.506332,-78.506115,-78.505866,-78.505817,-78.505673,-78.505402,-78.505198,-78.505105,-78.504989,-78.504837,-78.504453,-78.50414,-78.503842,-78.503595,-78.503262,-78.50296,-78.502836,-78.502103,-78.501692,-78.501479,-78.500901,-78.500481,-78.499987,-78.499747,-78.499614,-78.499101,-78.498404,-78.497503,-78.497151,-78.496929,-78.496697,-78.496423,-78.496192,-78.495908,-78.495715,-78.495327,-78.495094,-78.494765,-78.494188,-78.493283,-78.493046,-78.492754,-78.49245,-78.492138,-78.491823,-78.490785,-78.490425,-78.490098,-78.489396,-78.48914,-78.48899,-78.488618,-78.488018,-78.487534,-78.487042,-78.486421,-78.48611,-78.485857,-78.485745,-78.485296,-78.485013,-78.484627,-78.48416,-78.483922,-78.483418,-78.481373,-78.48125,-78.481039,-78.480741,-78.480557,-78.480523,-78.480307,-78.480112,-78.479943,-78.479781,-78.479588,-78.479441,-78.479303,-78.478603,-78.478514,-78.478416,-78.478333,-78.47825,-78.478159,-78.478098,-78.477963,-78.477893,-78.477807,-78.477725,-78.477612,-78.477484,-78.47731,-78.477227,-78.477136,-78.477041,-78.476973,-78.476923,-78.476888,-78.476867,-78.476864,-78.476897,-78.476916,-78.476921,-78.476911,-78.476859,-78.476787,-78.476715,-78.47663,-78.476492,-78.476368,-78.476238,-78.476151,-78.476057,-78.475996,-78.475933,-78.475889,-78.475865,-78.475861,-78.475876,-78.47591,-78.476021,-78.476187,-78.476331,-78.476426,-78.476502,-78.476525,-78.476539,-78.476532,-78.476506,-78.476468,-78.476383,-78.476343,-78.476322,-78.476234,-78.475842,-78.475796,-78.475749,-78.475613,-78.475499,-78.475312,-78.475206,-78.475008,-78.474806,-78.474383,-78.474074,-78.474006,-78.473834,-78.473826,-78.473665,-78.473456,-78.473178,-78.473012,-78.472721,-78.472535,-78.472284,-78.471263,-78.470922,-78.470502,-78.469822,-78.469238,-78.468604,-78.467562,-78.467348,-78.467093,-78.466948,-78.466735,-78.466587,-78.466513,-78.466438,-78.465402,-78.465169,-78.464868,-78.463712,-78.463677,-78.463279,-78.463074,-78.462789,-78.462384,-78.462165,-78.461865,-78.461562,-78.461063,-78.460839,-78.460459,-78.459917,-78.459505,-78.458748,-78.458328,-78.457961,-78.457261,-78.456476,-78.456099,-78.452337,-78.451414,-78.44972,-78.449119,-78.448489,-78.448244,-78.446485,-78.445976,-78.445491,-78.443281,-78.442961,-78.442865,-78.442307,-78.440479,-78.438995,-78.438596,-78.438196,-78.437346,-78.43726,-78.436376,-78.4355,-78.434726,-78.43392,-78.433434,-78.432568,-78.432476,-78.43164,-78.431087,-78.430417,-78.428243,-78.427702,-78.427219,-78.426418,-78.426215,-78.425942,-78.425501,-78.424727,-78.424075,-78.423685,-78.423242,-78.422545,-78.421953,-78.421543,-78.420873,-78.420834,-78.420438,-78.420283,-78.419922,-78.419791,-78.419263,-78.41864,-78.41715,-78.414224,-78.413719,-78.413637,-78.413324,-78.413016,-78.412817,-78.412725,-78.412451,-78.412355,-78.412263,-78.412195,-78.412003,-78.411774,-78.411526,-78.411433,-78.411307,-78.411134,-78.410973,-78.410851,-78.410778,-78.410689,-78.410565,-78.410432,-78.409971,-78.409637,-78.40936,-78.409035,-78.40882,-78.408232,-78.408096,-78.408033,-78.407926,-78.407861,-78.407729,-78.407589,-78.407544,-78.407396,-78.407206,-78.406978,-78.406786,-78.40659,-78.406493,-78.40624,-78.405542,-78.40526,-78.401424,-78.400656,-78.400407,-78.400253,-78.40004,-78.399883,-78.399732,-78.399627,-78.399487,-78.399384,-78.39929,-78.399184,-78.399102,-78.399011,-78.398959,-78.398815,-78.398638,-78.398421,-78.398505,-78.398648,-78.398692,-78.398803,-78.398913,-78.399902,-78.400194,-78.400423,-78.400918,-78.401126,-78.401528,-78.401949,-78.402156,-78.402319,-78.402613,-78.402748,-78.403026,-78.403206,-78.404098,-78.404344,-78.404537,-78.404929,-78.405225,-78.405371,-78.405617,-78.405867,-78.406242,-78.406617,-78.406755,-78.406984,-78.40721,-78.407431,-78.40772,-78.408091,-78.408286,-78.408721,-78.408984,-78.409356,-78.409587,-78.409824,-78.410376,-78.41097,-78.411067,-78.411332,-78.411664,-78.411866,-78.412074,-78.412283,-78.412535,-78.412748,-78.412959,-78.413576,-78.413813,-78.414034,-78.4143,-78.415083,-78.415497,-78.415852,-78.416235,-78.416908,-78.417454,-78.417829,-78.41819,-78.418451,-78.418725,-78.418968,-78.419207,-78.419333,-78.419529,-78.419709,-78.419935,-78.420099,-78.420158,-78.420252,-78.420393,-78.420794,-78.42094,-78.421135,-78.421362,-78.421981,-78.422086,-78.422178,-78.42236,-78.42261,-78.422674,-78.422857,-78.422985,-78.423094,-78.423216,-78.42332,-78.423428,-78.42357,-78.423716,-78.424206,-78.424485,-78.424827,-78.425655,-78.426502,-78.426764,-78.426873,-78.427055,-78.42719,-78.427354,-78.42751,-78.428329,-78.42882,-78.428961,-78.429071,-78.429168,-78.429368,-78.430172,-78.431709,-78.431869,-78.431933,-78.431983,-78.43206,-78.43226,-78.432466,-78.432866,-78.433393,-78.434583,-78.434851,-78.43512,-78.435302,-78.435484,-78.43585,-78.43677,-78.437007,-78.437285,-78.437704,-78.438635,-78.439116,-78.439297,-78.439516,-78.439774,-78.439868,-78.440043,-78.440144,-78.440277,-78.440389,-78.440558,-78.440708,-78.440918,-78.441084,-78.441293,-78.441489,-78.441967,-78.442078,-78.442193,-78.442327,-78.442462,-78.442651,-78.442722,-78.442822,-78.442971,-78.443098,-78.443219,-78.443418,-78.443863,-78.444391,-78.444743,-78.444871,-78.444906,-78.445004,-78.445087,-78.445151,-78.445213,-78.445318,-78.445396,-78.44546,-78.445498,-78.445558,-78.44561,-78.445623,-78.445716,-78.445852,-78.445961,-78.446498,-78.446884,-78.447135,-78.447322,-78.44747,-78.447629,-78.447799,-78.447907,-78.4481,-78.448318,-78.448492,-78.448716,-78.448805,-78.448874,-78.44897,-78.448999,-78.449194,-78.449302,-78.449491,-78.44975,-78.449839,-78.44991,-78.450071,-78.450388,-78.45118,-78.451529,-78.451762,-78.451945,-78.452171,-78.452399,-78.45264,-78.452887,-78.453401,-78.453888,-78.454216,-78.454707,-78.454942,-78.455261,-78.456391,-78.456875,-78.457238,-78.457692,-78.457973,-78.45807,-78.458189,-78.458282,-78.458393,-78.458505,-78.458618,-78.458922,-78.459075,-78.459627,-78.459847,-78.460085,-78.460257,-78.460409,-78.460565,-78.46078,-78.461076,-78.461524,-78.461707,-78.462011,-78.462385,-78.462758,-78.463301,-78.463563,-78.463761,-78.464046,-78.464329,-78.464877,-78.466103,-78.467068,-78.467435,-78.467661,-78.467793,-78.468405,-78.468754,-78.469026,-78.469417,-78.46966,-78.47011,-78.470432,-78.47063,-78.470727,-78.471248,-78.471888,-78.472814,-78.472925,-78.473222,-78.473422,-78.47368,-78.473757,-78.474553,-78.475554,-78.475677,-78.476125,-78.476556,-78.476781,-78.476992,-78.47712,-78.477348,-78.4779,-78.478029,-78.478199,-78.478295,-78.478819,-78.47895,-78.479039,-78.47912,-78.479187,-78.479542,-78.479631,-78.47975,-78.479944,-78.479971,-78.480009,-78.480084,-78.480116,-78.480169,-78.480186,-78.480245,-78.480287,-78.480314,-78.480366,-78.480423,-78.480463,-78.480539,-78.480619,-78.480667,-78.480749,-78.481028,-78.481174,-78.48132,-78.481466,-78.481569,-78.481715,-78.48195,-78.482229,-78.482954,-78.483128,-78.483314,-78.484139,-78.484386,-78.484633,-78.484997,-78.485103,-78.485223,-78.485481,-78.485638,-78.485684,-78.485773,-78.485879,-78.485897,-78.48595,-78.485982,-78.486026,-78.486052,-78.486085,-78.486102,-78.486117,-78.486123,-78.486127,-78.486127,-78.486123,-78.486117,-78.486108,-78.486081,-78.486065,-78.48572,-78.48559,-78.485539,-78.485494,-78.485456,-78.485433,-78.48543,-78.48544,-78.485525,-78.485527,-78.485515,-78.485477,-78.485424,-78.485382,-78.485352,-78.485318,-78.485288,-78.485158,-78.485053,-78.484969,-78.484523,-78.484335,-78.4837,-78.483199,-78.483124,-78.483031,-78.482971,-78.482905,-78.482807,-78.482749,-78.482719,-78.482696,-78.48269,-78.482702,-78.482746,-78.482774,-78.482955,-78.48299,-78.482999,-78.483015,-78.48302,-78.483011,-78.482983,-78.482976,-78.482984,-78.483097,-78.483111,-78.483107,-78.483099,-78.483037,-78.483016,-78.482897,-78.482865,-78.48282,-78.482745,-78.482638,-78.482513,-78.482065,-78.481934,-78.481857,-78.4818,-78.481728,-78.481674,-78.481639,-78.481625,-78.481624,-78.481643,-78.481682,-78.481782,-78.481812,-78.48182,-78.481818,-78.481797,-78.481765,-78.481723,-78.481658,-78.481576,-78.481478,-78.481338,-78.481183,-78.481089,-78.480941,-78.480695,-78.480255,-78.479629,-78.479399,-78.479076,-78.478836,-78.478547,-78.478266,-78.47807,-78.477746,-78.477506,-78.477425,-78.477265,-78.476777,-78.476256,-78.476043,-78.475879,-78.475722,-78.475533,-78.475341,-78.475207,-78.475163,-78.475061,-78.474772,-78.474293,-78.473909,-78.473176,-78.473051,-78.472901,-78.472604,-78.472356,-78.472121,-78.471939,-78.471744,-78.471529,-78.471305,-78.471117,-78.470254,-78.469984,-78.469747,-78.469567,-78.469429,-78.469203,-78.469034,-78.46889,-78.468778,-78.468701,-78.468575,-78.468278,-78.468099,-78.467982,-78.467887,-78.467676,-78.467581,-78.467216,-78.466873,-78.466669,-78.466137,-78.466007,-78.465904,-78.465828,-78.465767,-78.465712,-78.465662,-78.465642,-78.465626,-78.46563,-78.465645,-78.465668,-78.465726,-78.465836,-78.465857,-78.46589,-78.465903,-78.46589,-78.465858,-78.465811,-78.465738,-78.465519,-78.465472,-78.465451,-78.465449,-78.467572,-78.467919,-78.471796,-78.472261,-78.474119,-78.481371,-78.48394,-78.488745,-78.491678,-78.499909,-78.500368,-78.504016,-78.509716,-78.514855,-78.517624,-78.517778,-78.518031,-78.518231,-78.518577,-78.519084,-78.519567,-78.519692,-78.519824,-78.520098,-78.520365,-78.520561,-78.520962,-78.521648,-78.521818,-78.522374,-78.522545,-78.522709,-78.522902,-78.523012,-78.523159,-78.523282,-78.52341,-78.523936,-78.524629,-78.52488,-78.524995,-78.534755,-78.537527,-78.538553,-78.538791,-78.541978,-78.542088,-78.542325,-78.543685,-78.544122,-78.545032,-78.546192,-78.549476,-78.550669,-78.550959,-78.551723,-78.554501,-78.55544,-78.555711,-78.556015,-78.556103,-78.556322,-78.556454,-78.556708,-78.558639,-78.559997,-78.560217,-78.560351,-78.560515,-78.562801,-78.565471,-78.565855,-78.56805,-78.56832,-78.570438,-78.570534,-78.573129,-78.574797,-78.57511,-78.575172,-78.576176,-78.577427,-78.578244,-78.578686,-78.579986,-78.580709,-78.580825,-78.581223,-78.581568,-78.582533,-78.583632,-78.584932,-78.584986,-78.585394,-78.586098,-78.593696,-78.596734,-78.606539,-78.617335,-78.620785,-78.62477,-78.636279,-78.637236,-78.64755,-78.64935,-78.649898,-78.6541,-78.655638,-78.660394,-78.660583,-78.663145,-78.6626],"lat":[38.277857,38.278121,38.278572,38.279132,38.279704,38.280376,38.28099,38.281574,38.282289,38.282859,38.283518,38.284178,38.284738,38.285322,38.285969,38.28654,38.28696,38.28768,38.287936,38.288054,38.288444,38.288895,38.289445,38.290158,38.290785,38.291182,38.291536,38.292106,38.292569,38.293184,38.293463,38.293481,38.293307,38.29287,38.292453,38.292445,38.292447,38.292491,38.292338,38.291888,38.291872,38.29169,38.291527,38.290989,38.290704,38.290662,38.290762,38.291016,38.291138,38.291326,38.291531,38.291633,38.292029,38.292436,38.293098,38.293657,38.294362,38.295445,38.296317,38.297106,38.297857,38.298692,38.298953,38.299428,38.300023,38.300386,38.300772,38.300927,38.301136,38.301357,38.301588,38.30165,38.301675,38.301743,38.302326,38.303019,38.303416,38.303571,38.303704,38.303869,38.304035,38.304125,38.304278,38.304393,38.304633,38.304652,38.305016,38.305048,38.305335,38.305765,38.306042,38.306252,38.306484,38.306617,38.306891,38.307485,38.30832,38.309187,38.309965,38.310485,38.311438,38.312471,38.313538,38.314681,38.315155,38.315549,38.316154,38.316496,38.317079,38.318068,38.318925,38.3201,38.320727,38.320813,38.320981,38.32123,38.321487,38.32208,38.322312,38.323191,38.323444,38.324174,38.324236,38.32483,38.325315,38.325547,38.325558,38.325625,38.326131,38.327504,38.327965,38.328242,38.328417,38.328435,38.328501,38.328506,38.328475,38.328408,38.328326,38.328013,38.327884,38.328073,38.328112,38.328236,38.32849,38.328996,38.329583,38.330062,38.330644,38.330929,38.330992,38.331064,38.331066,38.331064,38.331351,38.331977,38.332846,38.333203,38.333493,38.334209,38.334824,38.33545,38.335947,38.336318,38.33701,38.3373,38.337702,38.338625,38.339855,38.341228,38.342214,38.342513,38.342965,38.343732,38.344731,38.344893,38.345764,38.346719,38.347401,38.347708,38.348499,38.349312,38.349949,38.350598,38.351148,38.351223,38.351884,38.352324,38.352906,38.353936,38.354224,38.355444,38.356487,38.356933,38.356909,38.356886,38.356834,38.356716,38.35658,38.356432,38.356306,38.356139,38.355816,38.355713,38.355619,38.355536,38.355477,38.355426,38.355402,38.355385,38.355383,38.355395,38.355513,38.355568,38.355598,38.355612,38.355617,38.35561,38.35558,38.355562,38.355561,38.355567,38.355587,38.35562,38.355666,38.355712,38.355765,38.355896,38.355969,38.356031,38.35608,38.35611,38.356132,38.356192,38.356227,38.356275,38.356335,38.356405,38.356485,38.356555,38.356765,38.357115,38.357168,38.357216,38.357267,38.3573,38.35733,38.357347,38.357349,38.357339,38.357319,38.357283,38.357242,38.357163,38.357076,38.357001,38.356863,38.356762,38.356632,38.3565,38.356368,38.356218,38.356127,38.355975,38.355706,38.355638,38.355033,38.354638,38.354491,38.354371,38.354221,38.354068,38.353916,38.353767,38.353592,38.353487,38.353296,38.352515,38.35191,38.351583,38.351028,38.350892,38.350789,38.350669,38.35058,38.35048,38.349405,38.349246,38.349126,38.349037,38.348915,38.348725,38.348574,38.348357,38.348223,38.348099,38.348007,38.347828,38.347727,38.347662,38.347511,38.347463,38.347429,38.347382,38.347357,38.34734,38.347339,38.347357,38.347381,38.347424,38.347481,38.347551,38.347598,38.347882,38.348096,38.348152,38.348189,38.348227,38.348233,38.348245,38.348245,38.348222,38.348186,38.348137,38.348077,38.348006,38.347399,38.347314,38.347217,38.347132,38.347071,38.347011,38.346957,38.346911,38.346866,38.346834,38.346796,38.346771,38.346761,38.346766,38.346801,38.34684,38.346916,38.346929,38.346931,38.346919,38.346891,38.346859,38.346807,38.346742,38.346664,38.346593,38.346459,38.346073,38.34597,38.345897,38.345636,38.345392,38.345057,38.34502,38.344839,38.344291,38.344169,38.344066,38.343933,38.343789,38.343666,38.343428,38.342911,38.342534,38.342236,38.342052,38.341883,38.341508,38.341388,38.340757,38.340633,38.340451,38.340163,38.340082,38.339776,38.339144,38.338971,38.338672,38.338361,38.338303,38.338134,38.337843,38.337648,38.337562,38.337456,38.337326,38.337,38.336728,38.336476,38.336271,38.336009,38.335793,38.33571,38.335253,38.335001,38.334875,38.334517,38.334271,38.333955,38.333808,38.333727,38.333414,38.33299,38.332433,38.332238,38.33213,38.332034,38.331937,38.331871,38.331811,38.331781,38.331739,38.331721,38.33169,38.331636,38.331525,38.331483,38.331418,38.331335,38.331243,38.331133,38.330713,38.33056,38.330421,38.330128,38.330029,38.329963,38.329804,38.329563,38.329359,38.329164,38.328949,38.328855,38.328786,38.328756,38.328649,38.328587,38.328512,38.328408,38.328362,38.328249,38.327822,38.327796,38.327745,38.32768,38.327641,38.327631,38.327567,38.327498,38.32742,38.327333,38.327215,38.327113,38.327003,38.326497,38.326416,38.326308,38.326192,38.326036,38.325803,38.325604,38.325115,38.324954,38.324799,38.324684,38.324565,38.324455,38.324327,38.324254,38.324154,38.324021,38.323897,38.323767,38.323627,38.323473,38.323319,38.322995,38.322865,38.322638,38.322456,38.322241,38.32203,38.321871,38.321718,38.321516,38.321333,38.321129,38.321022,38.320881,38.320763,38.320609,38.320449,38.320288,38.320127,38.319966,38.319808,38.319452,38.318964,38.318567,38.318245,38.317919,38.317763,38.317568,38.317333,38.317138,38.316962,38.316666,38.316548,38.31649,38.316227,38.315069,38.314962,38.314854,38.314595,38.31441,38.314171,38.314047,38.313848,38.313664,38.313295,38.313003,38.312926,38.312717,38.312707,38.312486,38.312166,38.311723,38.311449,38.311022,38.310782,38.31049,38.30938,38.309009,38.308552,38.30782,38.307196,38.306511,38.305384,38.305147,38.304769,38.30452,38.304191,38.303985,38.303893,38.303801,38.302621,38.302356,38.302022,38.300712,38.300675,38.30031,38.300122,38.299886,38.299594,38.299447,38.299259,38.299097,38.298847,38.298745,38.298588,38.298395,38.298273,38.298067,38.297926,38.297792,38.297495,38.297161,38.297001,38.295395,38.295001,38.294276,38.294014,38.293745,38.29365,38.292904,38.292694,38.292479,38.291532,38.291386,38.291342,38.291102,38.29033,38.289697,38.289533,38.289369,38.28904,38.289007,38.288688,38.288393,38.288148,38.287905,38.287767,38.287536,38.287513,38.287306,38.287178,38.287032,38.286595,38.286471,38.286352,38.286126,38.286063,38.285979,38.285835,38.285552,38.28529,38.285121,38.28492,38.284576,38.284256,38.284023,38.283613,38.283589,38.283326,38.283218,38.282957,38.282862,38.282455,38.281938,38.280661,38.278153,38.277715,38.277638,38.277347,38.277037,38.276822,38.276722,38.276399,38.276276,38.27616,38.276073,38.275808,38.275466,38.275059,38.274888,38.274656,38.274294,38.273917,38.273599,38.273392,38.273109,38.272652,38.272131,38.270326,38.269019,38.267956,38.266696,38.265872,38.263554,38.263077,38.262873,38.262567,38.262402,38.262099,38.26182,38.261742,38.261486,38.261183,38.260866,38.260615,38.26038,38.260271,38.260004,38.259351,38.259098,38.255625,38.254917,38.254662,38.254485,38.254211,38.253983,38.253732,38.253534,38.253218,38.252936,38.252614,38.252155,38.251853,38.251587,38.251464,38.251161,38.250833,38.250508,38.250474,38.250433,38.250427,38.250422,38.250431,38.250629,38.250668,38.250685,38.25069,38.250687,38.250679,38.250698,38.250723,38.250753,38.250826,38.25086,38.250924,38.250957,38.251078,38.251124,38.251172,38.251292,38.251385,38.251416,38.251457,38.251484,38.251502,38.251505,38.251496,38.25147,38.25143,38.251376,38.251291,38.251155,38.251074,38.250892,38.250781,38.250636,38.250558,38.250494,38.25039,38.250258,38.250237,38.250186,38.250129,38.250097,38.25007,38.250052,38.250043,38.250049,38.250068,38.25017,38.250202,38.250215,38.250212,38.250153,38.250138,38.25014,38.250161,38.250218,38.250251,38.250264,38.250265,38.250257,38.25024,38.250211,38.250167,38.250134,38.250072,38.250004,38.249903,38.249815,38.249779,38.249715,38.249604,38.249203,38.249068,38.248908,38.248749,38.248384,38.248312,38.248245,38.248095,38.247839,38.247766,38.247563,38.247436,38.247348,38.247273,38.247224,38.247186,38.24715,38.247129,38.247123,38.247122,38.247115,38.247072,38.247024,38.247012,38.247015,38.24703,38.247054,38.247096,38.247152,38.247504,38.247696,38.247756,38.247807,38.247854,38.24796,38.24844,38.249345,38.24943,38.249462,38.249487,38.249518,38.249587,38.249643,38.249718,38.249802,38.249993,38.25002,38.250032,38.250028,38.250017,38.249976,38.249856,38.249815,38.249747,38.249615,38.249301,38.249128,38.249044,38.248928,38.248761,38.2487,38.248607,38.248562,38.248519,38.248495,38.248474,38.248466,38.248471,38.248485,38.24852,38.24857,38.24873,38.248756,38.248769,38.248767,38.248754,38.248728,38.248724,38.248724,38.24874,38.248773,38.248819,38.248927,38.249229,38.249583,38.249831,38.249944,38.24998,38.250097,38.250227,38.250358,38.250547,38.250949,38.251205,38.251358,38.251427,38.251536,38.251611,38.251629,38.251737,38.25187,38.251961,38.25238,38.2527,38.252925,38.25308,38.253189,38.253287,38.253373,38.253419,38.253484,38.253538,38.253568,38.253591,38.253586,38.253571,38.253534,38.253517,38.2534,38.25334,38.253251,38.253152,38.253122,38.253099,38.25305,38.252943,38.252641,38.252519,38.252444,38.252394,38.252352,38.252329,38.252318,38.252309,38.252282,38.252241,38.252197,38.252115,38.252089,38.252074,38.252072,38.252081,38.252099,38.252148,38.252174,38.252176,38.25217,38.252155,38.252123,38.252073,38.252004,38.251767,38.251664,38.251363,38.251221,38.251082,38.251015,38.250974,38.250947,38.250931,38.250924,38.250935,38.250945,38.250974,38.25103,38.25108,38.251134,38.251154,38.251162,38.251174,38.251198,38.251261,38.251423,38.251545,38.251586,38.251607,38.251617,38.251646,38.251667,38.251695,38.251755,38.251799,38.251905,38.251996,38.252064,38.2521,38.252317,38.252581,38.252974,38.253021,38.25315,38.253231,38.25332,38.253343,38.253561,38.253883,38.253918,38.254039,38.254141,38.25421,38.254298,38.254364,38.254499,38.254864,38.254936,38.255013,38.25505,38.255232,38.255291,38.255346,38.255408,38.255468,38.255879,38.255957,38.25582,38.255552,38.255504,38.255438,38.255271,38.255158,38.254573,38.254428,38.25409,38.253936,38.253882,38.253813,38.253766,38.253744,38.25372,38.253711,38.253713,38.253723,38.253774,38.253788,38.253787,38.253771,38.253747,38.253702,38.25362,38.253538,38.253365,38.253308,38.253231,38.252809,38.252663,38.252498,38.252228,38.252156,38.25208,38.251932,38.25185,38.251825,38.251774,38.251709,38.251697,38.251658,38.25163,38.251585,38.251553,38.251504,38.251472,38.251426,38.251396,38.251365,38.251318,38.251287,38.251256,38.251226,38.251168,38.251146,38.250774,38.250628,38.250555,38.250472,38.250368,38.25025,38.250137,38.249973,38.249073,38.248916,38.24875,38.248531,38.248344,38.248236,38.24816,38.248088,38.248043,38.247871,38.247753,38.247669,38.247258,38.247079,38.246472,38.246001,38.245914,38.245776,38.245653,38.245474,38.245185,38.24499,38.244879,38.244735,38.244591,38.244447,38.24427,38.244189,38.243738,38.243621,38.243565,38.243473,38.243301,38.243093,38.242833,38.242707,38.24255,38.241892,38.241708,38.241547,38.241189,38.240678,38.240512,38.239203,38.239042,38.238897,38.238719,38.238518,38.238323,38.23769,38.237473,38.237327,38.237205,38.237,38.236805,38.2366,38.236435,38.236278,38.236094,38.235873,38.235395,38.235201,38.235062,38.234939,38.234748,38.234589,38.234444,38.23428,38.234122,38.233969,38.233794,38.233628,38.233539,38.233412,38.233226,38.232908,38.232469,38.232309,38.232095,38.23195,38.231791,38.231649,38.231549,38.231405,38.231304,38.231271,38.231203,38.230998,38.230767,38.230654,38.230556,38.230451,38.230307,38.230136,38.229993,38.229946,38.229819,38.229435,38.228777,38.228262,38.227252,38.227085,38.226872,38.22647,38.226133,38.225858,38.225675,38.225501,38.225329,38.225168,38.225046,38.224546,38.22438,38.224216,38.224077,38.223952,38.223722,38.223503,38.22329,38.22309,38.222926,38.22263,38.221855,38.221437,38.221205,38.221034,38.220717,38.220587,38.220095,38.219647,38.219366,38.218661,38.218467,38.218296,38.218148,38.218006,38.217842,38.217653,38.217548,38.21731,38.217072,38.216934,38.21681,38.216567,38.2162,38.216121,38.215947,38.215808,38.215628,38.215451,38.215286,38.215082,38.21448,38.214309,38.214168,38.214047,38.214691,38.214796,38.215972,38.216117,38.216661,38.218891,38.219669,38.22113,38.222021,38.224504,38.224639,38.225719,38.2274,38.228917,38.229734,38.229787,38.229874,38.229923,38.230025,38.230222,38.23044,38.230479,38.230504,38.230539,38.23059,38.230641,38.230768,38.23093,38.230962,38.231082,38.231133,38.231197,38.231294,38.231356,38.231422,38.231467,38.231503,38.231625,38.231825,38.231897,38.231933,38.234986,38.235892,38.236227,38.236304,38.237333,38.237367,38.23744,38.237859,38.237994,38.238274,38.238631,38.239642,38.24001,38.240099,38.240334,38.24119,38.241491,38.241577,38.241674,38.241702,38.241783,38.241826,38.241909,38.242537,38.242979,38.243051,38.243094,38.243148,38.243892,38.24476,38.244881,38.2456,38.245688,38.246377,38.246408,38.247253,38.247784,38.247879,38.247898,38.248203,38.248583,38.248831,38.248965,38.24936,38.249579,38.249614,38.249735,38.24984,38.250133,38.250469,38.250861,38.250879,38.251002,38.251216,38.253523,38.254623,38.258172,38.262079,38.263271,38.264648,38.268633,38.268964,38.272536,38.273159,38.273347,38.274795,38.275325,38.276965,38.277047,38.277933,38.277857]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.438408,-78.438383,-78.438342,-78.438306,-78.438283,-78.438063,-78.437983,-78.4379,-78.437819,-78.437724,-78.437618,-78.437498,-78.437438,-78.437366,-78.437208,-78.437004,-78.436788,-78.436225,-78.436017,-78.435805,-78.435697,-78.435174,-78.434699,-78.433968,-78.433878,-78.433576,-78.433276,-78.433144,-78.432988,-78.432871,-78.432735,-78.4325,-78.431645,-78.431467,-78.431307,-78.431067,-78.431017,-78.430801,-78.430636,-78.430516,-78.430387,-78.430085,-78.429959,-78.429845,-78.429744,-78.429663,-78.428704,-78.428087,-78.42783,-78.427549,-78.427245,-78.42712,-78.426778,-78.426516,-78.426031,-78.425545,-78.425236,-78.424711,-78.42433,-78.423853,-78.42355,-78.423401,-78.423254,-78.423167,-78.423062,-78.422384,-78.421811,-78.421276,-78.420651,-78.419944,-78.419478,-78.419316,-78.419171,-78.4189,-78.418567,-78.418321,-78.4178,-78.417534,-78.417163,-78.417012,-78.41635,-78.415658,-78.415577,-78.415363,-78.415088,-78.414862,-78.414448,-78.414325,-78.413618,-78.412632,-78.41214,-78.411998,-78.410245,-78.409962,-78.409684,-78.409429,-78.409072,-78.408789,-78.408023,-78.407702,-78.407207,-78.40708,-78.406895,-78.406696,-78.406561,-78.406451,-78.406308,-78.406163,-78.405897,-78.403933,-78.403777,-78.403598,-78.403457,-78.403351,-78.40321,-78.403133,-78.402937,-78.402841,-78.402497,-78.402404,-78.40223,-78.402143,-78.402074,-78.402004,-78.401963,-78.401941,-78.401926,-78.401889,-78.401852,-78.401775,-78.401682,-78.401477,-78.401317,-78.401004,-78.400776,-78.400152,-78.399961,-78.399762,-78.399543,-78.39924,-78.398971,-78.398561,-78.39837,-78.398151,-78.397946,-78.397793,-78.397699,-78.39758,-78.397402,-78.397279,-78.397184,-78.39712,-78.397056,-78.397011,-78.396971,-78.396943,-78.396894,-78.396886,-78.396895,-78.396922,-78.396956,-78.397015,-78.39709,-78.397202,-78.397276,-78.397314,-78.39733,-78.39734,-78.397328,-78.397301,-78.39715,-78.397064,-78.397002,-78.39694,-78.396847,-78.396717,-78.396569,-78.396557,-78.396384,-78.396242,-78.396112,-78.395939,-78.395782,-78.395291,-78.395152,-78.393835,-78.393607,-78.39341,-78.393062,-78.39286,-78.392586,-78.392439,-78.392052,-78.390762,-78.390328,-78.389783,-78.389499,-78.389411,-78.389305,-78.388954,-78.388783,-78.388616,-78.388476,-78.388417,-78.388328,-78.388207,-78.388132,-78.38802,-78.387861,-78.387719,-78.387341,-78.387252,-78.387139,-78.387048,-78.386948,-78.386829,-78.386719,-78.386593,-78.386334,-78.386069,-78.385847,-78.385558,-78.385348,-78.385091,-78.384751,-78.38446,-78.384329,-78.384011,-78.383544,-78.383069,-78.382377,-78.381718,-78.381326,-78.380726,-78.379803,-78.379089,-78.378707,-78.378368,-78.377574,-78.377149,-78.376722,-78.376216,-78.375802,-78.375388,-78.37357,-78.372716,-78.372441,-78.372164,-78.372005,-78.371888,-78.371612,-78.371401,-78.371032,-78.370663,-78.370362,-78.369536,-78.369247,-78.369006,-78.368421,-78.367976,-78.367744,-78.367649,-78.366994,-78.365582,-78.364999,-78.364679,-78.36412,-78.364025,-78.363053,-78.362573,-78.362206,-78.361959,-78.361713,-78.361518,-78.361292,-78.360964,-78.36066,-78.360269,-78.360129,-78.359598,-78.359149,-78.357958,-78.356675,-78.355449,-78.354964,-78.354826,-78.354399,-78.354123,-78.354035,-78.353813,-78.353604,-78.353406,-78.353169,-78.353068,-78.352892,-78.352705,-78.352189,-78.352154,-78.35113,-78.350739,-78.350682,-78.3499,-78.349476,-78.349366,-78.348819,-78.348765,-78.348435,-78.348366,-78.347981,-78.347809,-78.347593,-78.347439,-78.347328,-78.346858,-78.346751,-78.346636,-78.346337,-78.34586,-78.345695,-78.345603,-78.345479,-78.345349,-78.345305,-78.345261,-78.345242,-78.345254,-78.345273,-78.345353,-78.345567,-78.345727,-78.345863,-78.345921,-78.345961,-78.345983,-78.345986,-78.345974,-78.345957,-78.345912,-78.345859,-78.345785,-78.345698,-78.345596,-78.345478,-78.34534,-78.345187,-78.345131,-78.344659,-78.344354,-78.344036,-78.343816,-78.34331,-78.342928,-78.342678,-78.342757,-78.344801,-78.34614,-78.347118,-78.349726,-78.353204,-78.353332,-78.353684,-78.353791,-78.35524,-78.355252,-78.35682,-78.355937,-78.35569,-78.356164,-78.356986,-78.357264,-78.357366,-78.357478,-78.357651,-78.357758,-78.358193,-78.35847,-78.358897,-78.359165,-78.359794,-78.359842,-78.360004,-78.360224,-78.360452,-78.361493,-78.363271,-78.364853,-78.366847,-78.368701,-78.368984,-78.36902,-78.369061,-78.370026,-78.370352,-78.370611,-78.371733,-78.372361,-78.372497,-78.373595,-78.375375,-78.375462,-78.375901,-78.377138,-78.377436,-78.378909,-78.379332,-78.379448,-78.379763,-78.380363,-78.38144,-78.383155,-78.383973,-78.384368,-78.385008,-78.385667,-78.385988,-78.386667,-78.387807,-78.388811,-78.389564,-78.39031,-78.392446,-78.394631,-78.396281,-78.396311,-78.396421,-78.396706,-78.396801,-78.398052,-78.399808,-78.400641,-78.402108,-78.403077,-78.407392,-78.40747,-78.409542,-78.409954,-78.411009,-78.416816,-78.417359,-78.419161,-78.421614,-78.424793,-78.430471,-78.431502,-78.432688,-78.438107,-78.43838,-78.438379,-78.438376,-78.438395,-78.438414,-78.438408],"lat":[38.206893,38.207015,38.207135,38.207208,38.207249,38.207605,38.207769,38.207961,38.208099,38.20823,38.208346,38.208453,38.208498,38.208548,38.208635,38.20873,38.208813,38.20902,38.209083,38.209135,38.209157,38.209241,38.209319,38.209449,38.209469,38.209543,38.20963,38.209681,38.209756,38.209825,38.209922,38.21012,38.210927,38.211088,38.211243,38.211475,38.211528,38.211782,38.211999,38.212161,38.212343,38.212723,38.212866,38.212969,38.213043,38.213094,38.213635,38.213993,38.214142,38.214289,38.214426,38.214471,38.21458,38.214573,38.214569,38.214538,38.214517,38.214466,38.214427,38.214372,38.214348,38.214351,38.214368,38.214386,38.214419,38.21465,38.214839,38.215007,38.21519,38.215393,38.215527,38.21558,38.21563,38.215729,38.215862,38.215973,38.216227,38.216354,38.216503,38.216558,38.21677,38.216978,38.216999,38.217048,38.21709,38.217113,38.217133,38.217135,38.217124,38.217099,38.217075,38.217064,38.216876,38.216831,38.21677,38.2167,38.216592,38.216494,38.216174,38.216033,38.216519,38.216639,38.216793,38.216936,38.217021,38.217078,38.217135,38.217174,38.21722,38.217518,38.217553,38.217613,38.217676,38.217739,38.217841,38.217908,38.218097,38.218203,38.218629,38.21877,38.219068,38.219252,38.219441,38.21969,38.219904,38.22012,38.220416,38.220679,38.220817,38.221006,38.221182,38.221549,38.221807,38.222276,38.222592,38.223391,38.223613,38.223819,38.224015,38.224265,38.224474,38.224784,38.224928,38.225115,38.225311,38.225474,38.225587,38.225745,38.226007,38.226217,38.226414,38.226575,38.226779,38.226981,38.227235,38.227554,38.228155,38.228318,38.228509,38.228699,38.228849,38.229035,38.229229,38.229527,38.229784,38.229981,38.230163,38.230619,38.230786,38.230952,38.231587,38.231911,38.23207,38.232194,38.232344,38.232509,38.232668,38.232682,38.232845,38.232963,38.233056,38.233162,38.233244,38.233502,38.233575,38.23428,38.234391,38.23448,38.23462,38.234693,38.234785,38.234834,38.234982,38.235526,38.235713,38.235967,38.236117,38.23617,38.236242,38.236509,38.236628,38.236718,38.236772,38.23679,38.236813,38.236836,38.236845,38.236852,38.236849,38.236829,38.236731,38.236715,38.236709,38.236714,38.236731,38.236769,38.236821,38.236898,38.236647,38.23642,38.236246,38.236038,38.235902,38.235747,38.235554,38.235404,38.235341,38.235196,38.235021,38.23486,38.234649,38.234455,38.234332,38.234155,38.233876,38.23367,38.233578,38.23351,38.233386,38.233341,38.23331,38.233292,38.233293,38.233308,38.233435,38.233496,38.23352,38.233528,38.233524,38.233522,38.233501,38.233475,38.233424,38.233374,38.233329,38.233228,38.233202,38.233191,38.233176,38.233183,38.233194,38.233199,38.233252,38.233366,38.233414,38.233441,38.233488,38.233494,38.233562,38.233595,38.233607,38.2336,38.23358,38.233553,38.233512,38.233436,38.233351,38.23322,38.233173,38.23298,38.23282,38.232393,38.23193,38.231493,38.231321,38.231271,38.231099,38.230969,38.230922,38.230788,38.230643,38.230487,38.230278,38.230184,38.23002,38.229835,38.229341,38.229306,38.228345,38.227972,38.227917,38.227176,38.226773,38.226669,38.22615,38.226096,38.225756,38.225678,38.225243,38.225042,38.224774,38.224566,38.224393,38.223604,38.223441,38.223277,38.22291,38.222354,38.222139,38.221984,38.221737,38.221375,38.221236,38.22105,38.220894,38.220674,38.220576,38.220296,38.219724,38.219281,38.218855,38.218632,38.218402,38.21817,38.217756,38.21758,38.217443,38.217241,38.217094,38.216944,38.216811,38.216686,38.21657,38.216458,38.21635,38.216314,38.216022,38.215804,38.215545,38.21535,38.2149,38.214568,38.214411,38.214327,38.212146,38.210715,38.209668,38.206882,38.203167,38.20303,38.202654,38.202604,38.201028,38.200976,38.199299,38.19829,38.198044,38.197833,38.197474,38.197334,38.197267,38.197197,38.197109,38.197038,38.196748,38.196559,38.196265,38.196083,38.195649,38.195618,38.195516,38.1954,38.195294,38.193843,38.191366,38.189284,38.186804,38.184498,38.184146,38.184158,38.184172,38.184491,38.184597,38.184682,38.18505,38.185255,38.1853,38.18566,38.186237,38.186266,38.18641,38.186816,38.186914,38.187347,38.187475,38.187506,38.187607,38.187774,38.188076,38.188557,38.188786,38.188898,38.189077,38.189263,38.189363,38.189582,38.189949,38.190254,38.190484,38.190694,38.191168,38.191652,38.192018,38.192025,38.192039,38.192075,38.192088,38.192504,38.193085,38.193454,38.194104,38.194452,38.196005,38.196028,38.196776,38.196925,38.197305,38.199299,38.199463,38.200005,38.200744,38.201702,38.203412,38.203739,38.204093,38.205708,38.205809,38.205844,38.206244,38.206519,38.206769,38.206893]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.486127,-78.486123,-78.486117,-78.486102,-78.486085,-78.486052,-78.486026,-78.485982,-78.48595,-78.485897,-78.485879,-78.485773,-78.485684,-78.485638,-78.485481,-78.485223,-78.485103,-78.484997,-78.484633,-78.484386,-78.484139,-78.483314,-78.483128,-78.482954,-78.482229,-78.48195,-78.481715,-78.481569,-78.481466,-78.48132,-78.481174,-78.481028,-78.480749,-78.480667,-78.480619,-78.480539,-78.480463,-78.480423,-78.480366,-78.480314,-78.480287,-78.480245,-78.480186,-78.480169,-78.480116,-78.480084,-78.480009,-78.479971,-78.479944,-78.47975,-78.479631,-78.479542,-78.479187,-78.47912,-78.479039,-78.47895,-78.478819,-78.478295,-78.478199,-78.478029,-78.4779,-78.477348,-78.47712,-78.476992,-78.476781,-78.476556,-78.476125,-78.475677,-78.475554,-78.474553,-78.473757,-78.47368,-78.473422,-78.473222,-78.472925,-78.472814,-78.471888,-78.471248,-78.470727,-78.47063,-78.470432,-78.47011,-78.46966,-78.469417,-78.469026,-78.468754,-78.468405,-78.467793,-78.467661,-78.467435,-78.467068,-78.466103,-78.464877,-78.464329,-78.464046,-78.463761,-78.463563,-78.463301,-78.462758,-78.462385,-78.462011,-78.461707,-78.461524,-78.461076,-78.46078,-78.460565,-78.460409,-78.460257,-78.460085,-78.459847,-78.459627,-78.459075,-78.458922,-78.458618,-78.458505,-78.458393,-78.458282,-78.458189,-78.45807,-78.457973,-78.457692,-78.457238,-78.456875,-78.456391,-78.455261,-78.454942,-78.454707,-78.454216,-78.453888,-78.453401,-78.452887,-78.45264,-78.452399,-78.452171,-78.451945,-78.451762,-78.451529,-78.45118,-78.450388,-78.450071,-78.44991,-78.449839,-78.44975,-78.449491,-78.449302,-78.449194,-78.448999,-78.44897,-78.448874,-78.448805,-78.448716,-78.448492,-78.448318,-78.4481,-78.447907,-78.447799,-78.447629,-78.44747,-78.447322,-78.447135,-78.446884,-78.446498,-78.445961,-78.445852,-78.445716,-78.445623,-78.44561,-78.445558,-78.445498,-78.44546,-78.445396,-78.445318,-78.445213,-78.445151,-78.445087,-78.445004,-78.444906,-78.444871,-78.444743,-78.444391,-78.443863,-78.443418,-78.443219,-78.443098,-78.442971,-78.442822,-78.442722,-78.442651,-78.442462,-78.442327,-78.442193,-78.442078,-78.441967,-78.441489,-78.441293,-78.441084,-78.440918,-78.440708,-78.440558,-78.440389,-78.440277,-78.440144,-78.440043,-78.439868,-78.439774,-78.439516,-78.439297,-78.439116,-78.438635,-78.437704,-78.437285,-78.437007,-78.43677,-78.43585,-78.435484,-78.435302,-78.43512,-78.434851,-78.434583,-78.433393,-78.432866,-78.432466,-78.43226,-78.43206,-78.431983,-78.431933,-78.431869,-78.431709,-78.430172,-78.429368,-78.429168,-78.429071,-78.428961,-78.42882,-78.428329,-78.42751,-78.427354,-78.42719,-78.427055,-78.426873,-78.426764,-78.426502,-78.425655,-78.424827,-78.424485,-78.424206,-78.423716,-78.42357,-78.423428,-78.42332,-78.423216,-78.423094,-78.422985,-78.422857,-78.422674,-78.42261,-78.42236,-78.422178,-78.422086,-78.421981,-78.421362,-78.421135,-78.42094,-78.420794,-78.420393,-78.420252,-78.420158,-78.420099,-78.419935,-78.419709,-78.419529,-78.419333,-78.419207,-78.418968,-78.418725,-78.418451,-78.41819,-78.417829,-78.417454,-78.416908,-78.416235,-78.415852,-78.415497,-78.415083,-78.4143,-78.414034,-78.413813,-78.413576,-78.412959,-78.412748,-78.412535,-78.412283,-78.412074,-78.411866,-78.411664,-78.411332,-78.411067,-78.41097,-78.410376,-78.409824,-78.409587,-78.409356,-78.408984,-78.408721,-78.408286,-78.408091,-78.40772,-78.407431,-78.40721,-78.406984,-78.406755,-78.406617,-78.406242,-78.405867,-78.405617,-78.405371,-78.405225,-78.404929,-78.404537,-78.404344,-78.404098,-78.403206,-78.403026,-78.402748,-78.402613,-78.402319,-78.402156,-78.401949,-78.401528,-78.401126,-78.400918,-78.400423,-78.400194,-78.399902,-78.398913,-78.398803,-78.398692,-78.398648,-78.398505,-78.398421,-78.398638,-78.398815,-78.398959,-78.399011,-78.399102,-78.399184,-78.398968,-78.398883,-78.398739,-78.398623,-78.398515,-78.398417,-78.398336,-78.398323,-78.398284,-78.398221,-78.398192,-78.398182,-78.39816,-78.398116,-78.398086,-78.398087,-78.39811,-78.398155,-78.398229,-78.398291,-78.398485,-78.398598,-78.398693,-78.398789,-78.398615,-78.398469,-78.398408,-78.398349,-78.398246,-78.398111,-78.398001,-78.397802,-78.397653,-78.397052,-78.396489,-78.395993,-78.395586,-78.395454,-78.395327,-78.395233,-78.395076,-78.394809,-78.394362,-78.393908,-78.393804,-78.393557,-78.393476,-78.393433,-78.393204,-78.392791,-78.392718,-78.39252,-78.392291,-78.392164,-78.391769,-78.391352,-78.391183,-78.39104,-78.390892,-78.390522,-78.390154,-78.389252,-78.388659,-78.388368,-78.38801,-78.387542,-78.387013,-78.386889,-78.38677,-78.386521,-78.386448,-78.386335,-78.38615,-78.386044,-78.385745,-78.385549,-78.385151,-78.384554,-78.384059,-78.383851,-78.383723,-78.383635,-78.383559,-78.383366,-78.383207,-78.382939,-78.382647,-78.382272,-78.38187,-78.381739,-78.381643,-78.381517,-78.381401,-78.381301,-78.381218,-78.381154,-78.381086,-78.380975,-78.380952,-78.380901,-78.380828,-78.380486,-78.380227,-78.379967,-78.379879,-78.37974,-78.379588,-78.379396,-78.378936,-78.378707,-78.378475,-78.378185,-78.377933,-78.377493,-78.377287,-78.377005,-78.376639,-78.376372,-78.376226,-78.376147,-78.375362,-78.37485,-78.374692,-78.374574,-78.374458,-78.374348,-78.373964,-78.373668,-78.373277,-78.372853,-78.372382,-78.371773,-78.371562,-78.371522,-78.371384,-78.371237,-78.371051,-78.370901,-78.370816,-78.370496,-78.369866,-78.369719,-78.369669,-78.369525,-78.369315,-78.36918,-78.368131,-78.368001,-78.367833,-78.367659,-78.367426,-78.367227,-78.366652,-78.366062,-78.365609,-78.363942,-78.363813,-78.363688,-78.363571,-78.363476,-78.363411,-78.363354,-78.363297,-78.363257,-78.363191,-78.363109,-78.363025,-78.362927,-78.362794,-78.362503,-78.362043,-78.361937,-78.361843,-78.361778,-78.361599,-78.361464,-78.361063,-78.360811,-78.360595,-78.360484,-78.360361,-78.360229,-78.360079,-78.359951,-78.359821,-78.359308,-78.359137,-78.359089,-78.358642,-78.357676,-78.357412,-78.356686,-78.356593,-78.356534,-78.356328,-78.3557,-78.355441,-78.354985,-78.354199,-78.354014,-78.353899,-78.353632,-78.353386,-78.353012,-78.352727,-78.352433,-78.351176,-78.35069,-78.350332,-78.349867,-78.349659,-78.349448,-78.349246,-78.348925,-78.348653,-78.348309,-78.346752,-78.345609,-78.34394,-78.343411,-78.343205,-78.342906,-78.342692,-78.342621,-78.342399,-78.342335,-78.342171,-78.341782,-78.341631,-78.341204,-78.341153,-78.341132,-78.340975,-78.340792,-78.34061,-78.340391,-78.339746,-78.339301,-78.3391,-78.338933,-78.338798,-78.338522,-78.338132,-78.337669,-78.337248,-78.33686,-78.3366,-78.336445,-78.336346,-78.33623,-78.336212,-78.336136,-78.336061,-78.336036,-78.336036,-78.336062,-78.336158,-78.336163,-78.336172,-78.33619,-78.336227,-78.336192,-78.336138,-78.335988,-78.335852,-78.3357,-78.335602,-78.335456,-78.33534,-78.335212,-78.335066,-78.334925,-78.334687,-78.334443,-78.334205,-78.333844,-78.333709,-78.333643,-78.333562,-78.333496,-78.333416,-78.333357,-78.333306,-78.33327,-78.333241,-78.333219,-78.333205,-78.33322,-78.333256,-78.333352,-78.333499,-78.333558,-78.333558,-78.333551,-78.333529,-78.333478,-78.33339,-78.333191,-78.332827,-78.332733,-78.332479,-78.332423,-78.332156,-78.33184,-78.331563,-78.331247,-78.330946,-78.330684,-78.330415,-78.330199,-78.330092,-78.329953,-78.32983,-78.329668,-78.329522,-78.329337,-78.329144,-78.328975,-78.328844,-78.328751,-78.328574,-78.328334,-78.327881,-78.327647,-78.327593,-78.327577,-78.327523,-78.327415,-78.327303,-78.327175,-78.327067,-78.32689,-78.326458,-78.326034,-78.325849,-78.325571,-78.325384,-78.325292,-78.325138,-78.324603,-78.324536,-78.324478,-78.324424,-78.324391,-78.324358,-78.324337,-78.3243,-78.324251,-78.324217,-78.32418,-78.324139,-78.324107,-78.324048,-78.323994,-78.323944,-78.32395,-78.323956,-78.323956,-78.32396,-78.323954,-78.323914,-78.323768,-78.323683,-78.323433,-78.32328,-78.323024,-78.322677,-78.322499,-78.32231,-78.322057,-78.32189,-78.321733,-78.321494,-78.320623,-78.320466,-78.320314,-78.320141,-78.319756,-78.319513,-78.31928,-78.318991,-78.318701,-78.318021,-78.317865,-78.317748,-78.317521,-78.317263,-78.31701,-78.316927,-78.316849,-78.316809,-78.316637,-78.316551,-78.316378,-78.316237,-78.316161,-78.316104,-78.316025,-78.315987,-78.316001,-78.316056,-78.316165,-78.316632,-78.316687,-78.316755,-78.316796,-78.316843,-78.316859,-78.316848,-78.316801,-78.316708,-78.316616,-78.316367,-78.315897,-78.315685,-78.315325,-78.315227,-78.315096,-78.314857,-78.314749,-78.314679,-78.314656,-78.314596,-78.314506,-78.314413,-78.314332,-78.314249,-78.314115,-78.313951,-78.313843,-78.313705,-78.313536,-78.313392,-78.312762,-78.312383,-78.312014,-78.311761,-78.311508,-78.311304,-78.311073,-78.310869,-78.310623,-78.310226,-78.309686,-78.309555,-78.309487,-78.309455,-78.30944,-78.309393,-78.309361,-78.309309,-78.309205,-78.309136,-78.309031,-78.30891,-78.308705,-78.308469,-78.308159,-78.307634,-78.307294,-78.30697,-78.306777,-78.306434,-78.30578,-78.305145,-78.304877,-78.304715,-78.304522,-78.304277,-78.303723,-78.303362,-78.303311,-78.303268,-78.30328,-78.303329,-78.303398,-78.303497,-78.303609,-78.303709,-78.303809,-78.303877,-78.30408,-78.304332,-78.30442,-78.304524,-78.304545,-78.304501,-78.304473,-78.304494,-78.304505,-78.304575,-78.304638,-78.304806,-78.304938,-78.305043,-78.305054,-78.305048,-78.305028,-78.304965,-78.304856,-78.304723,-78.304589,-78.304428,-78.304259,-78.304081,-78.30387,-78.303624,-78.30342,-78.303172,-78.30297,-78.30282,-78.302677,-78.302594,-78.302416,-78.302138,-78.302027,-78.301849,-78.301703,-78.301589,-78.301448,-78.301406,-78.301377,-78.301306,-78.301228,-78.301155,-78.300694,-78.300168,-78.299487,-78.298911,-78.298611,-78.298505,-78.29838,-78.29828,-78.298142,-78.297992,-78.297891,-78.297816,-78.297759,-78.297715,-78.297695,-78.297613,-78.297467,-78.297201,-78.297132,-78.296949,-78.296786,-78.296592,-78.296404,-78.296251,-78.296128,-78.29596,-78.295816,-78.295663,-78.295481,-78.295347,-78.295263,-78.295106,-78.294973,-78.294756,-78.294351,-78.294016,-78.293781,-78.293452,-78.292827,-78.292021,-78.291734,-78.291618,-78.291576,-78.291512,-78.291417,-78.291247,-78.290896,-78.290599,-78.290281,-78.289611,-78.289014,-78.288837,-78.28859,-78.288474,-78.28851,-78.289792,-78.290554,-78.29121,-78.292194,-78.293166,-78.294286,-78.296981,-78.297098,-78.298738,-78.299936,-78.300399,-78.300677,-78.300838,-78.3019,-78.304107,-78.305217,-78.305443,-78.306241,-78.307944,-78.310678,-78.311594,-78.313275,-78.313768,-78.314255,-78.317518,-78.323262,-78.328652,-78.328735,-78.331796,-78.333763,-78.333984,-78.335527,-78.335717,-78.336947,-78.336989,-78.337262,-78.338249,-78.338406,-78.339336,-78.340128,-78.342678,-78.342928,-78.34331,-78.343816,-78.344036,-78.344354,-78.344659,-78.345131,-78.345187,-78.34534,-78.345478,-78.345596,-78.345698,-78.345785,-78.345859,-78.345912,-78.345957,-78.345974,-78.345986,-78.345983,-78.345961,-78.345921,-78.345863,-78.345727,-78.345567,-78.345353,-78.345273,-78.345254,-78.345242,-78.345261,-78.345305,-78.345349,-78.345479,-78.345603,-78.345695,-78.34586,-78.346337,-78.346636,-78.346751,-78.346858,-78.347328,-78.347439,-78.347593,-78.347809,-78.347981,-78.348366,-78.348435,-78.348765,-78.348819,-78.349366,-78.349476,-78.3499,-78.350682,-78.350739,-78.35113,-78.352154,-78.352189,-78.352705,-78.352892,-78.353068,-78.353169,-78.353406,-78.353604,-78.353813,-78.354035,-78.354123,-78.354399,-78.354826,-78.354964,-78.355449,-78.356675,-78.357958,-78.359149,-78.359598,-78.360129,-78.360269,-78.36066,-78.360964,-78.361292,-78.361518,-78.361713,-78.361959,-78.362206,-78.362573,-78.363053,-78.364025,-78.36412,-78.364679,-78.364999,-78.365582,-78.366994,-78.367649,-78.367744,-78.367976,-78.368421,-78.369006,-78.369247,-78.369536,-78.370362,-78.370663,-78.371032,-78.371401,-78.371612,-78.371888,-78.372005,-78.372164,-78.372441,-78.372716,-78.37357,-78.375388,-78.375802,-78.376216,-78.376722,-78.377149,-78.377574,-78.378368,-78.378707,-78.379089,-78.379803,-78.380726,-78.381326,-78.381718,-78.382377,-78.383069,-78.383544,-78.384011,-78.384329,-78.38446,-78.384751,-78.385091,-78.385348,-78.385558,-78.385847,-78.386069,-78.386334,-78.386593,-78.386719,-78.386829,-78.386948,-78.387048,-78.387139,-78.387252,-78.387341,-78.387719,-78.387861,-78.38802,-78.388132,-78.388207,-78.388328,-78.388417,-78.388476,-78.388616,-78.388783,-78.388954,-78.389305,-78.389411,-78.389499,-78.389783,-78.390328,-78.390762,-78.392052,-78.392439,-78.392586,-78.39286,-78.393062,-78.39341,-78.393607,-78.393835,-78.395152,-78.395291,-78.395782,-78.395939,-78.396112,-78.396242,-78.396384,-78.396557,-78.396569,-78.396717,-78.396847,-78.39694,-78.397002,-78.397064,-78.39715,-78.397301,-78.397328,-78.39734,-78.39733,-78.397314,-78.397276,-78.397202,-78.39709,-78.397015,-78.396956,-78.396922,-78.396895,-78.396886,-78.396894,-78.396943,-78.396971,-78.397011,-78.397056,-78.39712,-78.397184,-78.397279,-78.397402,-78.39758,-78.397699,-78.397793,-78.397946,-78.398151,-78.39837,-78.398561,-78.398971,-78.39924,-78.399543,-78.399762,-78.399961,-78.400152,-78.400776,-78.401004,-78.401317,-78.401477,-78.401682,-78.401775,-78.401852,-78.401889,-78.401926,-78.401941,-78.401963,-78.402004,-78.402074,-78.402143,-78.40223,-78.402404,-78.402497,-78.402841,-78.402937,-78.403133,-78.40321,-78.403351,-78.403457,-78.403598,-78.403777,-78.403933,-78.405897,-78.406163,-78.406308,-78.406451,-78.406561,-78.406696,-78.406895,-78.40708,-78.407207,-78.407702,-78.408023,-78.408789,-78.409072,-78.409429,-78.409684,-78.409962,-78.410245,-78.411998,-78.41214,-78.412632,-78.413618,-78.414325,-78.414448,-78.414862,-78.415088,-78.415363,-78.415577,-78.415658,-78.41635,-78.417012,-78.417163,-78.417534,-78.4178,-78.418321,-78.418567,-78.4189,-78.419171,-78.419316,-78.419478,-78.419944,-78.420651,-78.421276,-78.421811,-78.422384,-78.423062,-78.423167,-78.423254,-78.423401,-78.42355,-78.423853,-78.42433,-78.424711,-78.425236,-78.425545,-78.426031,-78.426516,-78.426778,-78.42712,-78.427245,-78.427549,-78.42783,-78.428087,-78.428704,-78.429663,-78.429744,-78.429845,-78.429959,-78.430085,-78.430387,-78.430516,-78.430636,-78.430801,-78.431017,-78.431067,-78.431307,-78.431467,-78.431645,-78.4325,-78.432735,-78.432871,-78.432988,-78.433144,-78.433276,-78.433576,-78.433878,-78.433968,-78.434699,-78.435174,-78.435697,-78.435805,-78.436017,-78.436225,-78.436788,-78.437004,-78.437208,-78.437366,-78.437438,-78.437498,-78.437618,-78.437724,-78.437819,-78.4379,-78.437983,-78.438063,-78.438283,-78.438306,-78.438342,-78.438383,-78.438408,-78.438414,-78.438395,-78.438376,-78.438379,-78.44021,-78.440298,-78.440786,-78.441257,-78.442005,-78.442031,-78.442164,-78.442376,-78.44242,-78.446021,-78.446042,-78.446976,-78.45012,-78.451119,-78.457422,-78.462002,-78.462017,-78.465372,-78.465449,-78.465451,-78.465472,-78.465519,-78.465738,-78.465811,-78.465858,-78.46589,-78.465903,-78.46589,-78.465857,-78.465836,-78.465726,-78.465668,-78.465645,-78.46563,-78.465626,-78.465642,-78.465662,-78.465712,-78.465767,-78.465828,-78.465904,-78.466007,-78.466137,-78.466669,-78.466873,-78.467216,-78.467581,-78.467676,-78.467887,-78.467982,-78.468099,-78.468278,-78.468575,-78.468701,-78.468778,-78.46889,-78.469034,-78.469203,-78.469429,-78.469567,-78.469747,-78.469984,-78.470254,-78.471117,-78.471305,-78.471529,-78.471744,-78.471939,-78.472121,-78.472356,-78.472604,-78.472901,-78.473051,-78.473176,-78.473909,-78.474293,-78.474772,-78.475061,-78.475163,-78.475207,-78.475341,-78.475533,-78.475722,-78.475879,-78.476043,-78.476256,-78.476777,-78.477265,-78.477425,-78.477506,-78.477746,-78.47807,-78.478266,-78.478547,-78.478836,-78.479076,-78.479399,-78.479629,-78.480255,-78.480695,-78.480941,-78.481089,-78.481183,-78.481338,-78.481478,-78.481576,-78.481658,-78.481723,-78.481765,-78.481797,-78.481818,-78.48182,-78.481812,-78.481782,-78.481682,-78.481643,-78.481624,-78.481625,-78.481639,-78.481674,-78.481728,-78.4818,-78.481857,-78.481934,-78.482065,-78.482513,-78.482638,-78.482745,-78.48282,-78.482865,-78.482897,-78.483016,-78.483037,-78.483099,-78.483107,-78.483111,-78.483097,-78.482984,-78.482976,-78.482983,-78.483011,-78.48302,-78.483015,-78.482999,-78.48299,-78.482955,-78.482774,-78.482746,-78.482702,-78.48269,-78.482696,-78.482719,-78.482749,-78.482807,-78.482905,-78.482971,-78.483031,-78.483124,-78.483199,-78.4837,-78.484335,-78.484523,-78.484969,-78.485053,-78.485158,-78.485288,-78.485318,-78.485352,-78.485382,-78.485424,-78.485477,-78.485515,-78.485527,-78.485525,-78.48544,-78.48543,-78.485433,-78.485456,-78.485494,-78.485539,-78.48559,-78.48572,-78.486065,-78.486081,-78.486108,-78.486117,-78.486123,-78.486127,-78.486127],"lat":[38.251365,38.251396,38.251426,38.251472,38.251504,38.251553,38.251585,38.25163,38.251658,38.251697,38.251709,38.251774,38.251825,38.25185,38.251932,38.25208,38.252156,38.252228,38.252498,38.252663,38.252809,38.253231,38.253308,38.253365,38.253538,38.25362,38.253702,38.253747,38.253771,38.253787,38.253788,38.253774,38.253723,38.253713,38.253711,38.25372,38.253744,38.253766,38.253813,38.253882,38.253936,38.25409,38.254428,38.254573,38.255158,38.255271,38.255438,38.255504,38.255552,38.25582,38.255957,38.255879,38.255468,38.255408,38.255346,38.255291,38.255232,38.25505,38.255013,38.254936,38.254864,38.254499,38.254364,38.254298,38.25421,38.254141,38.254039,38.253918,38.253883,38.253561,38.253343,38.25332,38.253231,38.25315,38.253021,38.252974,38.252581,38.252317,38.2521,38.252064,38.251996,38.251905,38.251799,38.251755,38.251695,38.251667,38.251646,38.251617,38.251607,38.251586,38.251545,38.251423,38.251261,38.251198,38.251174,38.251162,38.251154,38.251134,38.25108,38.25103,38.250974,38.250945,38.250935,38.250924,38.250931,38.250947,38.250974,38.251015,38.251082,38.251221,38.251363,38.251664,38.251767,38.252004,38.252073,38.252123,38.252155,38.25217,38.252176,38.252174,38.252148,38.252099,38.252081,38.252072,38.252074,38.252089,38.252115,38.252197,38.252241,38.252282,38.252309,38.252318,38.252329,38.252352,38.252394,38.252444,38.252519,38.252641,38.252943,38.25305,38.253099,38.253122,38.253152,38.253251,38.25334,38.2534,38.253517,38.253534,38.253571,38.253586,38.253591,38.253568,38.253538,38.253484,38.253419,38.253373,38.253287,38.253189,38.25308,38.252925,38.2527,38.25238,38.251961,38.25187,38.251737,38.251629,38.251611,38.251536,38.251427,38.251358,38.251205,38.250949,38.250547,38.250358,38.250227,38.250097,38.24998,38.249944,38.249831,38.249583,38.249229,38.248927,38.248819,38.248773,38.24874,38.248724,38.248724,38.248728,38.248754,38.248767,38.248769,38.248756,38.24873,38.24857,38.24852,38.248485,38.248471,38.248466,38.248474,38.248495,38.248519,38.248562,38.248607,38.2487,38.248761,38.248928,38.249044,38.249128,38.249301,38.249615,38.249747,38.249815,38.249856,38.249976,38.250017,38.250028,38.250032,38.25002,38.249993,38.249802,38.249718,38.249643,38.249587,38.249518,38.249487,38.249462,38.24943,38.249345,38.24844,38.24796,38.247854,38.247807,38.247756,38.247696,38.247504,38.247152,38.247096,38.247054,38.24703,38.247015,38.247012,38.247024,38.247072,38.247115,38.247122,38.247123,38.247129,38.24715,38.247186,38.247224,38.247273,38.247348,38.247436,38.247563,38.247766,38.247839,38.248095,38.248245,38.248312,38.248384,38.248749,38.248908,38.249068,38.249203,38.249604,38.249715,38.249779,38.249815,38.249903,38.250004,38.250072,38.250134,38.250167,38.250211,38.25024,38.250257,38.250265,38.250264,38.250251,38.250218,38.250161,38.25014,38.250138,38.250153,38.250212,38.250215,38.250202,38.25017,38.250068,38.250049,38.250043,38.250052,38.25007,38.250097,38.250129,38.250186,38.250237,38.250258,38.25039,38.250494,38.250558,38.250636,38.250781,38.250892,38.251074,38.251155,38.251291,38.251376,38.25143,38.25147,38.251496,38.251505,38.251502,38.251484,38.251457,38.251416,38.251385,38.251292,38.251172,38.251124,38.251078,38.250957,38.250924,38.25086,38.250826,38.250753,38.250723,38.250698,38.250679,38.250687,38.25069,38.250685,38.250668,38.250629,38.250431,38.250422,38.250427,38.250433,38.250474,38.250508,38.250833,38.251161,38.251464,38.251587,38.251853,38.252155,38.252189,38.252203,38.252228,38.252262,38.25231,38.25237,38.252435,38.252448,38.252492,38.252607,38.252687,38.252727,38.252832,38.253559,38.254097,38.25435,38.254589,38.254833,38.255105,38.255331,38.255855,38.256105,38.256263,38.256396,38.256523,38.256606,38.256637,38.256663,38.256699,38.256731,38.256747,38.256753,38.256751,38.256725,38.256707,38.256674,38.256661,38.256668,38.256686,38.256706,38.256747,38.256837,38.257021,38.257197,38.257239,38.25735,38.257402,38.257434,38.257667,38.258258,38.258336,38.258501,38.258669,38.258753,38.259001,38.259244,38.259325,38.259382,38.25943,38.259525,38.259605,38.259763,38.259862,38.2599,38.259939,38.259972,38.259995,38.259992,38.25998,38.259918,38.259896,38.259861,38.259795,38.259756,38.259628,38.259554,38.259422,38.259243,38.259113,38.259067,38.259061,38.259071,38.259088,38.259149,38.259216,38.259346,38.259496,38.259695,38.259917,38.260005,38.260079,38.260194,38.260324,38.260463,38.260608,38.260769,38.260968,38.261387,38.261444,38.261545,38.261651,38.262044,38.262393,38.262714,38.2628,38.262902,38.262987,38.263072,38.263241,38.263321,38.263401,38.263507,38.263597,38.263742,38.263803,38.263896,38.264001,38.264064,38.264083,38.264083,38.264021,38.26397,38.26396,38.263967,38.263988,38.264022,38.264187,38.264334,38.264521,38.264711,38.264913,38.265153,38.265228,38.265239,38.265274,38.265301,38.265323,38.26533,38.265331,38.265322,38.26526,38.265262,38.265265,38.265292,38.265349,38.265398,38.26584,38.265888,38.265935,38.26597,38.265989,38.265992,38.265963,38.265924,38.265916,38.265897,38.265876,38.265841,38.265792,38.265733,38.265679,38.265618,38.265537,38.26546,38.265358,38.265264,38.265191,38.265121,38.265042,38.26491,38.264714,38.264648,38.264571,38.264502,38.264284,38.264131,38.263704,38.263426,38.263203,38.263122,38.263053,38.262997,38.262957,38.262938,38.262935,38.262963,38.262959,38.262957,38.262904,38.262742,38.262692,38.262553,38.262557,38.262548,38.262487,38.26392,38.264489,38.265534,38.267311,38.267697,38.267927,38.268419,38.268835,38.269405,38.269807,38.270193,38.271816,38.272444,38.272914,38.273496,38.273731,38.273949,38.274133,38.274393,38.274592,38.274816,38.275754,38.276449,38.277447,38.277789,38.277938,38.278167,38.278348,38.27841,38.278622,38.278686,38.278857,38.279307,38.279482,38.280003,38.280071,38.280094,38.280015,38.279963,38.279909,38.279839,38.279571,38.279332,38.279217,38.279131,38.279061,38.278958,38.278847,38.278714,38.27858,38.278407,38.278266,38.278161,38.278094,38.277988,38.277968,38.277875,38.277749,38.277623,38.277536,38.277437,38.277129,38.277112,38.276999,38.276757,38.276344,38.276109,38.27591,38.275511,38.275202,38.274981,38.27487,38.27473,38.274624,38.274562,38.274494,38.274441,38.274383,38.274344,38.274334,38.274377,38.274384,38.274378,38.274326,38.274262,38.274187,38.274112,38.274043,38.273956,38.273841,38.273737,38.273615,38.273436,38.273361,38.273263,38.273154,38.273062,38.272975,38.272831,38.272675,38.272565,38.272461,38.272241,38.271906,38.271808,38.271638,38.271611,38.271485,38.271369,38.271321,38.271271,38.27121,38.271143,38.271058,38.270973,38.270893,38.270802,38.270759,38.270705,38.270686,38.270686,38.270698,38.270691,38.270661,38.270679,38.270752,38.270939,38.271343,38.271552,38.271655,38.271709,38.271837,38.271988,38.272111,38.272194,38.272231,38.272249,38.27229,38.272399,38.272447,38.272574,38.272656,38.272675,38.272695,38.272688,38.272678,38.272655,38.272599,38.272569,38.272527,38.272488,38.272412,38.272327,38.272271,38.272226,38.272167,38.27205,38.271767,38.271565,38.271379,38.271274,38.271178,38.27111,38.271083,38.271074,38.27099,38.270706,38.270643,38.270474,38.270411,38.270286,38.270117,38.270026,38.269888,38.269672,38.269539,38.269447,38.269351,38.26901,38.268998,38.26899,38.268946,38.268837,38.268766,38.268728,38.268744,38.268779,38.268862,38.268861,38.268836,38.268731,38.268681,38.268707,38.26873,38.268792,38.268847,38.269075,38.269155,38.26929,38.269388,38.269504,38.269622,38.269794,38.269943,38.270053,38.27017,38.270299,38.270891,38.270984,38.271108,38.271224,38.271365,38.271444,38.271522,38.271659,38.271793,38.271861,38.271974,38.27228,38.272423,38.272643,38.27268,38.272715,38.272773,38.272785,38.272782,38.272779,38.272755,38.272699,38.272605,38.272527,38.272478,38.272414,38.27234,38.272281,38.272207,38.27213,38.272083,38.271953,38.271856,38.271768,38.271696,38.271597,38.271486,38.271337,38.271193,38.271003,38.270752,38.270453,38.27037,38.270299,38.270229,38.270163,38.270055,38.270018,38.269973,38.269923,38.269894,38.269873,38.269873,38.269843,38.269793,38.269669,38.269531,38.269412,38.269309,38.269289,38.269278,38.269233,38.269163,38.269163,38.269192,38.26926,38.269371,38.269593,38.269754,38.269842,38.269955,38.270029,38.270107,38.270166,38.270211,38.27024,38.270265,38.270309,38.270379,38.270578,38.270873,38.271016,38.271211,38.271302,38.271588,38.271761,38.271921,38.272025,38.272363,38.272583,38.273039,38.273398,38.273834,38.273916,38.274016,38.274146,38.274261,38.274356,38.274426,38.274486,38.27452,38.27453,38.274515,38.274489,38.274469,38.274481,38.274524,38.274628,38.274703,38.27475,38.274765,38.274785,38.274805,38.274818,38.274854,38.27487,38.27487,38.274833,38.274821,38.27482,38.274821,38.274831,38.274839,38.274844,38.274807,38.274704,38.274604,38.274544,38.274495,38.274455,38.274426,38.27442,38.27444,38.274494,38.274642,38.274858,38.275001,38.275233,38.275489,38.275841,38.276432,38.276536,38.276668,38.276808,38.27699,38.277072,38.277095,38.277102,38.277094,38.27709,38.277063,38.277008,38.276949,38.276871,38.276735,38.276587,38.27638,38.276107,38.275861,38.275612,38.275193,38.274623,38.274027,38.273834,38.273717,38.273633,38.273549,38.273465,38.273398,38.273263,38.273204,38.273141,38.272953,38.272752,38.272656,38.272498,38.272306,38.272274,38.27089,38.270066,38.269356,38.268293,38.267243,38.266034,38.263121,38.262994,38.261223,38.259928,38.259422,38.259125,38.258954,38.257806,38.255422,38.254249,38.254008,38.253167,38.251365,38.248475,38.247506,38.245731,38.24521,38.24469,38.241215,38.235097,38.229356,38.229267,38.226008,38.223912,38.223677,38.222053,38.221847,38.220519,38.220474,38.220183,38.219131,38.218964,38.217973,38.217131,38.214411,38.214568,38.2149,38.21535,38.215545,38.215804,38.216022,38.216314,38.21635,38.216458,38.21657,38.216686,38.216811,38.216944,38.217094,38.217241,38.217443,38.21758,38.217756,38.21817,38.218402,38.218632,38.218855,38.219281,38.219724,38.220296,38.220576,38.220674,38.220894,38.22105,38.221236,38.221375,38.221737,38.221984,38.222139,38.222354,38.22291,38.223277,38.223441,38.223604,38.224393,38.224566,38.224774,38.225042,38.225243,38.225678,38.225756,38.226096,38.22615,38.226669,38.226773,38.227176,38.227917,38.227972,38.228345,38.229306,38.229341,38.229835,38.23002,38.230184,38.230278,38.230487,38.230643,38.230788,38.230922,38.230969,38.231099,38.231271,38.231321,38.231493,38.23193,38.232393,38.23282,38.23298,38.233173,38.23322,38.233351,38.233436,38.233512,38.233553,38.23358,38.2336,38.233607,38.233595,38.233562,38.233494,38.233488,38.233441,38.233414,38.233366,38.233252,38.233199,38.233194,38.233183,38.233176,38.233191,38.233202,38.233228,38.233329,38.233374,38.233424,38.233475,38.233501,38.233522,38.233524,38.233528,38.23352,38.233496,38.233435,38.233308,38.233293,38.233292,38.23331,38.233341,38.233386,38.23351,38.233578,38.23367,38.233876,38.234155,38.234332,38.234455,38.234649,38.23486,38.235021,38.235196,38.235341,38.235404,38.235554,38.235747,38.235902,38.236038,38.236246,38.23642,38.236647,38.236898,38.236821,38.236769,38.236731,38.236714,38.236709,38.236715,38.236731,38.236829,38.236849,38.236852,38.236845,38.236836,38.236813,38.23679,38.236772,38.236718,38.236628,38.236509,38.236242,38.23617,38.236117,38.235967,38.235713,38.235526,38.234982,38.234834,38.234785,38.234693,38.23462,38.23448,38.234391,38.23428,38.233575,38.233502,38.233244,38.233162,38.233056,38.232963,38.232845,38.232682,38.232668,38.232509,38.232344,38.232194,38.23207,38.231911,38.231587,38.230952,38.230786,38.230619,38.230163,38.229981,38.229784,38.229527,38.229229,38.229035,38.228849,38.228699,38.228509,38.228318,38.228155,38.227554,38.227235,38.226981,38.226779,38.226575,38.226414,38.226217,38.226007,38.225745,38.225587,38.225474,38.225311,38.225115,38.224928,38.224784,38.224474,38.224265,38.224015,38.223819,38.223613,38.223391,38.222592,38.222276,38.221807,38.221549,38.221182,38.221006,38.220817,38.220679,38.220416,38.22012,38.219904,38.21969,38.219441,38.219252,38.219068,38.21877,38.218629,38.218203,38.218097,38.217908,38.217841,38.217739,38.217676,38.217613,38.217553,38.217518,38.21722,38.217174,38.217135,38.217078,38.217021,38.216936,38.216793,38.216639,38.216519,38.216033,38.216174,38.216494,38.216592,38.2167,38.21677,38.216831,38.216876,38.217064,38.217075,38.217099,38.217124,38.217135,38.217133,38.217113,38.21709,38.217048,38.216999,38.216978,38.21677,38.216558,38.216503,38.216354,38.216227,38.215973,38.215862,38.215729,38.21563,38.21558,38.215527,38.215393,38.21519,38.215007,38.214839,38.21465,38.214419,38.214386,38.214368,38.214351,38.214348,38.214372,38.214427,38.214466,38.214517,38.214538,38.214569,38.214573,38.21458,38.214471,38.214426,38.214289,38.214142,38.213993,38.213635,38.213094,38.213043,38.212969,38.212866,38.212723,38.212343,38.212161,38.211999,38.211782,38.211528,38.211475,38.211243,38.211088,38.210927,38.21012,38.209922,38.209825,38.209756,38.209681,38.20963,38.209543,38.209469,38.209449,38.209319,38.209241,38.209157,38.209135,38.209083,38.20902,38.208813,38.20873,38.208635,38.208548,38.208498,38.208453,38.208346,38.20823,38.208099,38.207961,38.207769,38.207605,38.207249,38.207208,38.207135,38.207015,38.206893,38.206769,38.206519,38.206244,38.205844,38.206515,38.206549,38.20671,38.206876,38.207149,38.207158,38.207204,38.207283,38.207296,38.20833,38.208329,38.208604,38.209507,38.209794,38.211605,38.212999,38.213004,38.214023,38.214047,38.214168,38.214309,38.21448,38.215082,38.215286,38.215451,38.215628,38.215808,38.215947,38.216121,38.2162,38.216567,38.21681,38.216934,38.217072,38.21731,38.217548,38.217653,38.217842,38.218006,38.218148,38.218296,38.218467,38.218661,38.219366,38.219647,38.220095,38.220587,38.220717,38.221034,38.221205,38.221437,38.221855,38.22263,38.222926,38.22309,38.22329,38.223503,38.223722,38.223952,38.224077,38.224216,38.22438,38.224546,38.225046,38.225168,38.225329,38.225501,38.225675,38.225858,38.226133,38.22647,38.226872,38.227085,38.227252,38.228262,38.228777,38.229435,38.229819,38.229946,38.229993,38.230136,38.230307,38.230451,38.230556,38.230654,38.230767,38.230998,38.231203,38.231271,38.231304,38.231405,38.231549,38.231649,38.231791,38.23195,38.232095,38.232309,38.232469,38.232908,38.233226,38.233412,38.233539,38.233628,38.233794,38.233969,38.234122,38.23428,38.234444,38.234589,38.234748,38.234939,38.235062,38.235201,38.235395,38.235873,38.236094,38.236278,38.236435,38.2366,38.236805,38.237,38.237205,38.237327,38.237473,38.23769,38.238323,38.238518,38.238719,38.238897,38.239042,38.239203,38.240512,38.240678,38.241189,38.241547,38.241708,38.241892,38.24255,38.242707,38.242833,38.243093,38.243301,38.243473,38.243565,38.243621,38.243738,38.244189,38.24427,38.244447,38.244591,38.244735,38.244879,38.24499,38.245185,38.245474,38.245653,38.245776,38.245914,38.246001,38.246472,38.247079,38.247258,38.247669,38.247753,38.247871,38.248043,38.248088,38.24816,38.248236,38.248344,38.248531,38.24875,38.248916,38.249073,38.249973,38.250137,38.25025,38.250368,38.250472,38.250555,38.250628,38.250774,38.251146,38.251168,38.251226,38.251256,38.251287,38.251318,38.251365]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.54541,-78.545289,-78.54524,-78.544498,-78.543773,-78.543982,-78.544373,-78.544464,-78.544681,-78.544637,-78.544528,-78.543929,-78.542855,-78.542015,-78.541837,-78.540652,-78.539912,-78.539072,-78.537792,-78.536564,-78.535365,-78.534025,-78.533035,-78.531877,-78.531082,-78.530859,-78.529743,-78.528724,-78.527497,-78.526803,-78.526325,-78.52554,-78.524944,-78.523959,-78.523814,-78.522792,-78.523549,-78.524833,-78.525698,-78.525781,-78.526173,-78.526424,-78.525881,-78.525166,-78.524789,-78.524615,-78.524305,-78.52373,-78.523189,-78.522701,-78.522412,-78.521948,-78.521441,-78.520971,-78.519715,-78.519441,-78.518641,-78.518502,-78.518545,-78.518575,-78.518683,-78.518632,-78.518359,-78.517979,-78.51755,-78.517304,-78.517048,-78.516954,-78.516968,-78.517031,-78.517174,-78.517136,-78.516829,-78.516421,-78.515793,-78.515141,-78.514416,-78.512954,-78.511945,-78.51108,-78.510159,-78.509,-78.508023,-78.507444,-78.506614,-78.50586,-78.50488,-78.503725,-78.503034,-78.502689,-78.501715,-78.500989,-78.499995,-78.499527,-78.499397,-78.499115,-78.499147,-78.498948,-78.498822,-78.498431,-78.497611,-78.496742,-78.496045,-78.49543,-78.494847,-78.493881,-78.493214,-78.493141,-78.493647,-78.494118,-78.494289,-78.494355,-78.493842,-78.493228,-78.492329,-78.491455,-78.490715,-78.490324,-78.489842,-78.489221,-78.489123,-78.488648,-78.488109,-78.487587,-78.486721,-78.486819,-78.486903,-78.48707,-78.487251,-78.487233,-78.48707,-78.486763,-78.486249,-78.485876,-78.48574,-78.485699,-78.485573,-78.485042,-78.484583,-78.484246,-78.484124,-78.484065,-78.484038,-78.484021,-78.483902,-78.483576,-78.483347,-78.483219,-78.482913,-78.482658,-78.482239,-78.481647,-78.480431,-78.479664,-78.478938,-78.478222,-78.477803,-78.47719,-78.476566,-78.476802,-78.477061,-78.477191,-78.477488,-78.477714,-78.477908,-78.477918,-78.477955,-78.47797,-78.47796,-78.477868,-78.477767,-78.477702,-78.47768,-78.477614,-78.477573,-78.477645,-78.477728,-78.477726,-78.477724,-78.477722,-78.477718,-78.477585,-78.477401,-78.477361,-78.477271,-78.476961,-78.476523,-78.476196,-78.47591,-78.475892,-78.475889,-78.475856,-78.475833,-78.475777,-78.475491,-78.474878,-78.474408,-78.474153,-78.474133,-78.474328,-78.473909,-78.473429,-78.473112,-78.472693,-78.472509,-78.472192,-78.47165,-78.469718,-78.469539,-78.469359,-78.468132,-78.467651,-78.466894,-78.466035,-78.465073,-78.465165,-78.465381,-78.465443,-78.465464,-78.465209,-78.464964,-78.464699,-78.464208,-78.463554,-78.463217,-78.462685,-78.462113,-78.461918,-78.461796,-78.461858,-78.462155,-78.462237,-78.462494,-78.462573,-78.462586,-78.462615,-78.462658,-78.462658,-78.46228,-78.462067,-78.461964,-78.461735,-78.461452,-78.460962,-78.460543,-78.460195,-78.460103,-78.459947,-78.459848,-78.459741,-78.459439,-78.458754,-78.458017,-78.457711,-78.45764,-78.457712,-78.457651,-78.457621,-78.457547,-78.457416,-78.457294,-78.457236,-78.457162,-78.457079,-78.457008,-78.456844,-78.456456,-78.456282,-78.45617,-78.455966,-78.455495,-78.455025,-78.454472,-78.453828,-78.453378,-78.453166,-78.453043,-78.452871,-78.452801,-78.452515,-78.451962,-78.451214,-78.450507,-78.449934,-78.449699,-78.448767,-78.448357,-78.448286,-78.448091,-78.447845,-78.447425,-78.447281,-78.447286,-78.447295,-78.447286,-78.447231,-78.447115,-78.446664,-78.446092,-78.445876,-78.445729,-78.445438,-78.445324,-78.445083,-78.4449,-78.444041,-78.443647,-78.443624,-78.443597,-78.443573,-78.443551,-78.443531,-78.443514,-78.443495,-78.44348,-78.443467,-78.443455,-78.443445,-78.443437,-78.443432,-78.443429,-78.443427,-78.443426,-78.443424,-78.443421,-78.443419,-78.443417,-78.443414,-78.443412,-78.443408,-78.443403,-78.443397,-78.44339,-78.443382,-78.443373,-78.443365,-78.443352,-78.443336,-78.443318,-78.443298,-78.443277,-78.443255,-78.443232,-78.443213,-78.443193,-78.443172,-78.44315,-78.443128,-78.443106,-78.443087,-78.443067,-78.443047,-78.443026,-78.443005,-78.442984,-78.442961,-78.442938,-78.442915,-78.442891,-78.442867,-78.442843,-78.442789,-78.442734,-78.442708,-78.442664,-78.442628,-78.442594,-78.442561,-78.442528,-78.442495,-78.442459,-78.442419,-78.442378,-78.442335,-78.442288,-78.442242,-78.442195,-78.442146,-78.442073,-78.442043,-78.442013,-78.441983,-78.441952,-78.441921,-78.44189,-78.441873,-78.441839,-78.441804,-78.441766,-78.441723,-78.44168,-78.441633,-78.441581,-78.441529,-78.44148,-78.441434,-78.441388,-78.441346,-78.441307,-78.441268,-78.441228,-78.441186,-78.441144,-78.4411,-78.441053,-78.441007,-78.440954,-78.440895,-78.440836,-78.440785,-78.440742,-78.440699,-78.440663,-78.440633,-78.440605,-78.440578,-78.440554,-78.440532,-78.440509,-78.440488,-78.440467,-78.440446,-78.440412,-78.440401,-78.440361,-78.44034,-78.440304,-78.440278,-78.440253,-78.440233,-78.44022,-78.440212,-78.440203,-78.440195,-78.440187,-78.440177,-78.440164,-78.44015,-78.440134,-78.440116,-78.440098,-78.440081,-78.440033,-78.439982,-78.439929,-78.439894,-78.439858,-78.439819,-78.439785,-78.439748,-78.43971,-78.439671,-78.439629,-78.439587,-78.43955,-78.439511,-78.439476,-78.43945,-78.439403,-78.439362,-78.439328,-78.4393,-78.439288,-78.439276,-78.439265,-78.439252,-78.439239,-78.439227,-78.439216,-78.439206,-78.439198,-78.439192,-78.439185,-78.439178,-78.439166,-78.439153,-78.439139,-78.439122,-78.439103,-78.439081,-78.439054,-78.439025,-78.438991,-78.438956,-78.438921,-78.438883,-78.438837,-78.438782,-78.438725,-78.438676,-78.438631,-78.438587,-78.438531,-78.43848,-78.43843,-78.438399,-78.438369,-78.438334,-78.438304,-78.438258,-78.438227,-78.438193,-78.438158,-78.438122,-78.438084,-78.438043,-78.438,-78.437956,-78.43791,-78.437863,-78.437815,-78.437778,-78.43775,-78.437722,-78.437696,-78.437671,-78.437647,-78.437613,-78.437593,-78.437564,-78.437535,-78.437515,-78.437495,-78.437473,-78.43745,-78.437409,-78.437364,-78.437319,-78.437285,-78.437251,-78.43722,-78.437191,-78.437165,-78.437141,-78.437117,-78.437081,-78.437056,-78.43703,-78.436992,-78.436964,-78.436937,-78.436909,-78.436864,-78.436819,-78.436776,-78.436752,-78.436728,-78.436703,-78.436673,-78.43664,-78.436609,-78.436576,-78.436556,-78.436522,-78.43648,-78.436431,-78.436392,-78.436345,-78.436329,-78.436312,-78.436296,-78.436282,-78.436271,-78.436264,-78.436259,-78.436254,-78.43625,-78.436246,-78.436241,-78.436232,-78.436223,-78.436212,-78.436201,-78.436191,-78.436182,-78.436175,-78.436166,-78.436159,-78.436152,-78.436147,-78.436144,-78.436143,-78.436143,-78.436143,-78.436147,-78.43615,-78.436155,-78.436161,-78.436168,-78.436182,-78.43619,-78.436195,-78.436198,-78.436197,-78.436192,-78.436184,-78.43618,-78.436168,-78.436153,-78.436136,-78.436118,-78.436098,-78.436087,-78.436074,-78.436048,-78.436019,-78.435984,-78.435965,-78.435945,-78.4359,-78.435857,-78.43583,-78.435804,-78.435779,-78.435753,-78.435728,-78.435706,-78.435687,-78.435672,-78.435659,-78.435646,-78.435636,-78.435629,-78.435623,-78.43562,-78.435619,-78.43562,-78.435625,-78.435631,-78.435635,-78.435643,-78.435647,-78.435651,-78.435655,-78.435659,-78.435662,-78.435662,-78.43566,-78.435656,-78.435653,-78.435649,-78.435644,-78.435637,-78.435628,-78.435619,-78.435608,-78.435597,-78.435585,-78.435566,-78.435546,-78.435524,-78.435501,-78.435478,-78.435455,-78.435426,-78.435396,-78.435369,-78.435336,-78.435304,-78.435272,-78.435257,-78.435225,-78.435195,-78.43517,-78.435149,-78.43513,-78.435106,-78.435093,-78.435081,-78.43507,-78.435053,-78.435042,-78.435035,-78.435032,-78.435033,-78.435037,-78.435045,-78.435054,-78.435066,-78.435074,-78.435083,-78.435093,-78.435103,-78.435112,-78.435117,-78.435122,-78.435125,-78.435126,-78.435126,-78.43513,-78.435139,-78.435151,-78.435165,-78.435186,-78.435211,-78.435236,-78.435257,-78.435279,-78.435298,-78.435313,-78.435325,-78.435332,-78.435332,-78.435328,-78.435316,-78.435298,-78.435277,-78.435243,-78.435217,-78.435161,-78.435101,-78.435055,-78.435007,-78.434982,-78.434958,-78.434938,-78.434907,-78.43489,-78.434904,-78.434947,-78.435012,-78.435107,-78.43524,-78.435344,-78.435432,-78.435508,-78.435584,-78.435638,-78.435696,-78.435735,-78.435751,-78.435739,-78.435711,-78.435709,-78.435734,-78.435816,-78.435896,-78.435975,-78.436065,-78.436157,-78.436232,-78.436292,-78.436329,-78.436359,-78.436412,-78.436464,-78.436514,-78.436562,-78.436635,-78.436718,-78.436797,-78.436865,-78.436931,-78.436976,-78.43702,-78.437093,-78.437157,-78.437217,-78.437252,-78.437272,-78.437264,-78.437233,-78.437186,-78.43716,-78.437164,-78.437184,-78.437211,-78.437246,-78.437296,-78.437331,-78.437347,-78.437328,-78.437288,-78.43721,-78.437143,-78.437078,-78.43702,-78.436956,-78.436915,-78.436888,-78.43688,-78.436887,-78.436903,-78.436902,-78.436878,-78.43683,-78.436763,-78.436709,-78.436654,-78.436614,-78.436596,-78.436593,-78.436609,-78.436632,-78.436652,-78.436678,-78.436717,-78.436761,-78.4368,-78.436814,-78.436816,-78.436813,-78.436804,-78.436781,-78.436748,-78.436684,-78.436605,-78.436513,-78.436435,-78.436379,-78.436339,-78.436325,-78.436348,-78.436416,-78.436465,-78.43652,-78.43656,-78.436564,-78.436553,-78.436518,-78.43646,-78.436403,-78.436339,-78.436253,-78.436195,-78.436154,-78.436133,-78.436131,-78.436148,-78.436171,-78.436173,-78.436169,-78.436164,-78.436168,-78.436183,-78.436212,-78.436257,-78.436323,-78.436365,-78.436358,-78.436307,-78.436259,-78.436238,-78.436249,-78.436284,-78.436311,-78.436385,-78.436467,-78.436557,-78.436686,-78.43675,-78.436839,-78.436895,-78.436933,-78.436934,-78.436918,-78.43691,-78.436895,-78.436877,-78.43684,-78.436798,-78.43675,-78.436702,-78.436643,-78.436608,-78.436576,-78.436494,-78.436414,-78.436269,-78.436157,-78.436071,-78.435986,-78.435913,-78.435876,-78.435838,-78.435801,-78.43577,-78.435743,-78.43573,-78.435702,-78.435674,-78.435652,-78.435618,-78.435546,-78.43547,-78.435386,-78.435292,-78.435227,-78.435161,-78.435119,-78.435091,-78.435058,-78.435014,-78.434985,-78.434967,-78.434973,-78.434994,-78.435013,-78.435015,-78.435009,-78.43498,-78.434936,-78.434886,-78.434811,-78.434722,-78.434637,-78.434548,-78.434456,-78.434356,-78.434277,-78.434217,-78.434127,-78.434061,-78.434017,-78.434004,-78.433978,-78.433948,-78.433942,-78.433948,-78.433993,-78.434076,-78.434154,-78.434242,-78.434332,-78.434453,-78.434556,-78.434624,-78.434661,-78.434649,-78.434609,-78.434562,-78.434527,-78.434528,-78.434551,-78.434545,-78.434527,-78.434508,-78.434503,-78.434511,-78.434537,-78.434564,-78.434583,-78.434582,-78.434569,-78.434546,-78.434505,-78.43446,-78.434384,-78.434316,-78.434188,-78.434115,-78.434047,-78.433968,-78.43393,-78.433899,-78.433865,-78.433825,-78.433809,-78.43382,-78.433845,-78.433871,-78.433899,-78.433928,-78.43396,-78.433988,-78.434008,-78.434034,-78.434061,-78.434095,-78.434148,-78.434203,-78.434251,-78.434286,-78.434321,-78.43432,-78.434318,-78.434309,-78.434299,-78.434284,-78.434268,-78.434251,-78.434228,-78.434203,-78.434171,-78.434133,-78.434072,-78.434026,-78.433983,-78.433928,-78.433842,-78.433792,-78.433776,-78.433767,-78.433768,-78.433775,-78.433784,-78.433799,-78.43381,-78.433808,-78.433821,-78.433782,-78.4338,-78.433809,-78.433816,-78.433831,-78.433828,-78.433794,-78.433736,-78.433647,-78.433584,-78.433556,-78.433454,-78.433454,-78.433459,-78.433474,-78.433468,-78.433453,-78.433454,-78.433483,-78.433549,-78.433583,-78.433612,-78.433631,-78.433644,-78.433651,-78.43364,-78.433621,-78.433642,-78.433692,-78.433701,-78.433705,-78.433726,-78.433744,-78.433817,-78.433905,-78.433977,-78.434016,-78.434023,-78.434011,-78.434018,-78.43405,-78.434093,-78.434101,-78.434152,-78.434264,-78.434397,-78.434488,-78.434575,-78.434624,-78.434677,-78.434637,-78.434612,-78.434624,-78.434655,-78.434701,-78.43474,-78.434747,-78.434775,-78.43479,-78.434762,-78.434722,-78.434644,-78.434534,-78.434429,-78.434282,-78.434187,-78.43417,-78.434167,-78.434165,-78.43415,-78.434148,-78.434153,-78.434152,-78.434149,-78.434147,-78.434148,-78.434156,-78.434184,-78.434276,-78.434496,-78.434642,-78.434715,-78.434885,-78.435038,-78.435175,-78.435463,-78.435627,-78.43582,-78.435986,-78.436122,-78.436249,-78.436375,-78.4365,-78.436626,-78.436683,-78.436741,-78.436777,-78.436837,-78.436982,-78.437071,-78.437135,-78.437271,-78.437317,-78.437467,-78.437483,-78.437504,-78.438251,-78.438446,-78.438495,-78.43854,-78.438567,-78.438592,-78.438705,-78.438841,-78.438888,-78.438905,-78.438861,-78.438787,-78.438628,-78.438485,-78.438265,-78.43808,-78.437945,-78.437871,-78.437839,-78.437829,-78.437839,-78.437929,-78.438109,-78.438243,-78.438376,-78.438432,-78.438469,-78.43853,-78.438608,-78.438688,-78.43879,-78.438936,-78.439091,-78.439294,-78.439521,-78.439889,-78.43998,-78.440225,-78.44038,-78.440499,-78.440605,-78.440714,-78.440769,-78.440823,-78.440839,-78.440836,-78.440801,-78.440758,-78.44067,-78.440565,-78.440484,-78.440381,-78.440271,-78.440169,-78.440069,-78.439986,-78.439898,-78.439798,-78.439683,-78.439558,-78.439443,-78.439397,-78.439331,-78.439294,-78.43928,-78.439251,-78.439224,-78.439235,-78.439271,-78.439325,-78.439394,-78.439527,-78.439635,-78.439726,-78.439793,-78.439867,-78.439906,-78.439905,-78.439865,-78.439785,-78.439681,-78.439593,-78.439488,-78.439453,-78.439349,-78.439185,-78.439086,-78.438893,-78.438468,-78.438336,-78.438198,-78.43812,-78.438066,-78.438038,-78.438027,-78.438024,-78.438049,-78.438091,-78.4382,-78.43831,-78.438436,-78.43852,-78.438545,-78.438546,-78.438529,-78.438512,-78.438495,-78.43847,-78.438437,-78.438386,-78.438277,-78.438126,-78.437933,-78.437807,-78.437715,-78.437623,-78.437564,-78.437531,-78.437531,-78.437506,-78.437472,-78.437434,-78.437328,-78.437241,-78.43721,-78.437204,-78.437235,-78.437316,-78.437348,-78.437348,-78.437329,-78.437298,-78.437217,-78.437111,-78.437049,-78.437006,-78.437018,-78.437046,-78.437101,-78.437094,-78.437062,-78.436992,-78.43689,-78.436796,-78.436741,-78.436741,-78.436788,-78.436843,-78.436899,-78.436883,-78.436836,-78.436789,-78.436718,-78.436616,-78.436546,-78.436083,-78.43478,-78.434329,-78.433946,-78.433506,-78.433184,-78.432972,-78.432666,-78.432551,-78.432383,-78.432263,-78.432118,-78.431944,-78.431782,-78.431481,-78.431144,-78.430988,-78.430765,-78.430537,-78.430338,-78.4302,-78.430068,-78.42996,-78.429857,-78.429671,-78.429328,-78.42904,-78.428902,-78.428836,-78.428781,-78.428763,-78.428758,-78.42877,-78.428788,-78.428791,-78.428816,-78.428837,-78.428837,-78.428817,-78.42877,-78.428649,-78.42864,-78.428623,-78.428549,-78.428502,-78.428415,-78.428268,-78.427973,-78.427792,-78.427752,-78.427544,-78.427426,-78.427356,-78.427088,-78.426948,-78.426753,-78.426654,-78.426516,-78.426384,-78.426308,-78.426283,-78.426233,-78.426215,-78.426196,-78.426128,-78.426103,-78.426022,-78.425984,-78.425936,-78.425828,-78.425734,-78.42568,-78.425665,-78.425643,-78.425625,-78.425549,-78.425514,-78.425465,-78.425409,-78.425347,-78.425273,-78.42524,-78.425169,-78.425025,-78.424728,-78.424603,-78.424387,-78.42411,-78.423934,-78.423755,-78.423663,-78.423626,-78.4237,-78.423931,-78.424236,-78.424366,-78.424458,-78.424578,-78.424689,-78.424791,-78.425004,-78.425475,-78.425688,-78.42583,-78.42599,-78.426083,-78.426168,-78.426269,-78.426395,-78.42658,-78.426791,-78.426959,-78.426997,-78.427036,-78.427067,-78.427085,-78.427161,-78.427178,-78.42719,-78.42722,-78.427207,-78.427157,-78.427115,-78.427026,-78.426936,-78.426881,-78.426861,-78.426854,-78.426854,-78.426857,-78.426885,-78.426947,-78.427002,-78.427071,-78.427127,-78.427241,-78.427365,-78.427503,-78.42763,-78.427727,-78.427817,-78.427865,-78.427939,-78.427987,-78.428057,-78.428187,-78.428249,-78.428272,-78.428283,-78.428309,-78.428307,-78.428281,-78.428277,-78.428273,-78.428281,-78.428294,-78.428338,-78.428454,-78.428521,-78.428683,-78.428731,-78.42874,-78.428731,-78.42871,-78.428688,-78.428655,-78.428609,-78.428435,-78.428359,-78.42829,-78.428169,-78.428131,-78.428113,-78.42811,-78.428113,-78.428122,-78.428141,-78.428212,-78.42862,-78.428815,-78.42892,-78.428993,-78.429171,-78.429249,-78.429301,-78.429403,-78.42956,-78.429625,-78.429674,-78.42969,-78.429675,-78.429626,-78.429407,-78.429254,-78.429149,-78.429076,-78.429012,-78.428955,-78.428834,-78.428784,-78.428739,-78.428675,-78.428412,-78.428333,-78.428303,-78.428254,-78.428234,-78.428166,-78.427968,-78.427859,-78.427784,-78.427705,-78.427641,-78.427591,-78.427492,-78.427358,-78.427273,-78.427169,-78.427075,-78.42695,-78.426869,-78.426699,-78.426595,-78.426523,-78.426456,-78.426318,-78.426248,-78.426032,-78.425935,-78.425848,-78.425748,-78.42562,-78.425492,-78.425363,-78.425268,-78.425186,-78.425078,-78.425022,-78.424961,-78.424901,-78.424849,-78.424811,-78.424763,-78.42463,-78.424526,-78.424449,-78.424384,-78.424272,-78.423866,-78.423746,-78.423698,-78.423651,-78.423621,-78.423599,-78.423565,-78.423534,-78.423483,-78.423465,-78.423427,-78.423276,-78.423239,-78.423153,-78.423104,-78.423031,-78.422939,-78.422793,-78.422714,-78.422554,-78.42233,-78.422151,-78.422042,-78.421891,-78.421814,-78.421818,-78.421853,-78.421913,-78.421952,-78.421923,-78.421847,-78.421711,-78.421495,-78.421384,-78.421297,-78.421259,-78.421217,-78.421153,-78.421118,-78.42108,-78.421035,-78.421008,-78.420814,-78.420631,-78.420448,-78.42033,-78.420234,-78.420147,-78.420055,-78.420006,-78.419953,-78.41988,-78.419701,-78.419507,-78.419361,-78.419273,-78.419157,-78.419089,-78.419014,-78.418885,-78.418837,-78.418796,-78.418742,-78.418653,-78.418558,-78.41848,-78.418404,-78.418339,-78.418285,-78.4182,-78.4181,-78.418037,-78.417974,-78.417943,-78.417896,-78.417821,-78.417711,-78.417573,-78.417472,-78.417444,-78.417417,-78.417375,-78.41734,-78.417308,-78.417273,-78.417238,-78.417193,-78.417131,-78.416772,-78.416702,-78.41663,-78.416545,-78.416441,-78.416353,-78.416276,-78.416216,-78.416119,-78.416057,-78.415995,-78.41596,-78.415925,-78.415893,-78.415865,-78.415838,-78.415816,-78.415798,-78.415781,-78.415763,-78.415752,-78.415727,-78.415707,-78.415704,-78.415704,-78.415721,-78.415761,-78.415934,-78.416124,-78.41642,-78.416569,-78.416578,-78.416539,-78.416513,-78.416504,-78.416537,-78.416555,-78.416511,-78.416392,-78.416262,-78.415969,-78.41557,-78.415456,-78.415398,-78.415355,-78.415312,-78.41526,-78.415149,-78.415058,-78.415037,-78.414951,-78.414864,-78.414761,-78.414572,-78.414446,-78.414349,-78.414257,-78.414191,-78.414121,-78.41404,-78.413741,-78.413644,-78.41353,-78.413421,-78.413166,-78.413085,-78.412966,-78.412873,-78.412797,-78.412671,-78.412512,-78.412298,-78.412033,-78.411804,-78.411616,-78.411557,-78.411543,-78.411583,-78.41162,-78.411661,-78.411786,-78.411959,-78.412088,-78.412232,-78.412472,-78.412689,-78.412713,-78.412758,-78.412786,-78.412799,-78.412793,-78.412812,-78.412787,-78.412744,-78.412674,-78.412597,-78.412484,-78.412355,-78.412171,-78.411943,-78.411812,-78.411613,-78.411599,-78.411523,-78.411407,-78.411305,-78.411218,-78.411141,-78.411039,-78.410952,-78.41091,-78.410836,-78.410741,-78.410681,-78.410633,-78.410554,-78.410502,-78.410465,-78.410431,-78.410433,-78.410447,-78.410452,-78.410455,-78.410455,-78.410452,-78.410457,-78.410487,-78.410508,-78.410539,-78.410554,-78.410563,-78.410555,-78.410547,-78.410539,-78.410524,-78.410492,-78.410468,-78.410424,-78.410361,-78.410209,-78.410023,-78.409876,-78.4098,-78.409702,-78.409615,-78.40956,-78.409498,-78.409455,-78.409387,-78.409282,-78.409189,-78.409115,-78.40901,-78.408966,-78.408917,-78.408873,-78.408833,-78.408809,-78.408784,-78.408772,-78.40876,-78.408754,-78.408751,-78.408757,-78.408788,-78.408825,-78.408828,-78.408828,-78.408803,-78.408776,-78.408758,-78.408764,-78.408764,-78.408727,-78.408653,-78.408622,-78.408569,-78.408492,-78.40843,-78.408361,-78.408277,-78.408184,-78.408138,-78.4081,-78.408038,-78.407935,-78.407893,-78.407832,-78.407686,-78.407601,-78.407554,-78.407493,-78.407438,-78.407389,-78.407346,-78.407303,-78.407254,-78.407205,-78.407174,-78.406997,-78.406899,-78.406813,-78.406727,-78.406598,-78.406416,-78.406162,-78.406038,-78.405841,-78.40576,-78.405741,-78.405883,-78.405981,-78.405998,-78.405999,-78.406006,-78.405998,-78.405986,-78.405962,-78.405924,-78.405834,-78.405725,-78.405629,-78.405576,-78.405394,-78.405212,-78.405062,-78.40504,-78.404971,-78.404884,-78.404761,-78.404694,-78.404643,-78.404599,-78.404548,-78.404508,-78.404486,-78.404471,-78.40446,-78.404453,-78.404472,-78.404476,-78.404469,-78.404453,-78.404429,-78.404386,-78.404295,-78.404184,-78.404137,-78.404114,-78.404097,-78.404074,-78.40403,-78.403974,-78.403931,-78.40386,-78.403658,-78.403563,-78.40351,-78.403468,-78.403411,-78.403373,-78.403335,-78.403235,-78.403042,-78.402913,-78.40272,-78.402644,-78.402614,-78.402572,-78.402536,-78.402498,-78.402441,-78.402385,-78.402233,-78.402075,-78.401957,-78.401822,-78.40169,-78.401661,-78.401625,-78.401591,-78.401552,-78.401495,-78.401405,-78.401381,-78.401338,-78.401297,-78.40126,-78.401232,-78.401181,-78.401144,-78.401122,-78.401108,-78.401067,-78.400992,-78.400859,-78.400796,-78.400721,-78.400673,-78.400636,-78.400583,-78.400514,-78.400418,-78.400147,-78.400028,-78.399941,-78.399854,-78.399779,-78.399675,-78.39961,-78.399511,-78.399243,-78.398867,-78.398704,-78.398511,-78.3984,-78.398299,-78.398176,-78.398017,-78.397777,-78.397698,-78.397558,-78.397381,-78.397259,-78.397103,-78.396993,-78.396868,-78.396712,-78.396526,-78.396448,-78.396336,-78.396189,-78.396053,-78.395933,-78.395809,-78.395712,-78.395623,-78.395554,-78.395495,-78.395391,-78.395298,-78.395154,-78.39505,-78.394957,-78.394883,-78.394849,-78.394783,-78.394672,-78.394473,-78.3944,-78.394367,-78.394319,-78.394275,-78.394169,-78.394072,-78.393992,-78.393965,-78.393946,-78.393925,-78.393906,-78.3939,-78.393896,-78.393902,-78.393913,-78.393966,-78.394118,-78.394155,-78.394203,-78.394218,-78.394368,-78.394445,-78.39445,-78.394436,-78.394422,-78.394393,-78.394321,-78.394258,-78.393988,-78.393752,-78.393575,-78.39344,-78.39331,-78.393163,-78.392998,-78.392898,-78.392798,-78.392609,-78.392403,-78.392202,-78.392066,-78.391907,-78.391817,-78.391761,-78.391716,-78.391626,-78.391547,-78.391446,-78.391356,-78.391239,-78.391159,-78.391069,-78.391035,-78.390931,-78.3909,-78.390879,-78.390841,-78.390831,-78.390791,-78.390733,-78.390704,-78.390675,-78.39064,-78.390599,-78.390547,-78.390488,-78.390407,-78.390323,-78.390261,-78.390157,-78.390069,-78.389975,-78.389853,-78.38969,-78.389556,-78.389518,-78.389416,-78.389224,-78.389156,-78.389147,-78.38906,-78.388778,-78.388581,-78.388445,-78.388359,-78.388264,-78.388132,-78.388057,-78.387966,-78.387815,-78.387567,-78.387315,-78.387002,-78.386779,-78.386676,-78.386322,-78.386225,-78.386155,-78.386114,-78.38607,-78.386045,-78.385958,-78.385901,-78.385834,-78.385766,-78.385697,-78.385616,-78.385544,-78.385455,-78.385384,-78.38534,-78.385244,-78.385119,-78.385033,-78.384947,-78.384908,-78.384891,-78.384882,-78.384823,-78.384797,-78.384764,-78.384665,-78.384467,-78.384349,-78.384223,-78.38399,-78.383861,-78.38378,-78.383661,-78.383637,-78.383434,-78.383323,-78.383189,-78.383097,-78.383057,-78.383026,-78.383009,-78.382992,-78.383032,-78.38305,-78.383064,-78.383068,-78.383061,-78.383043,-78.383014,-78.382971,-78.382939,-78.382907,-78.382875,-78.382853,-78.382828,-78.382811,-78.382782,-78.382768,-78.38275,-78.382716,-78.382671,-78.382635,-78.382209,-78.382098,-78.38194,-78.381876,-78.381816,-78.381739,-78.381689,-78.381612,-78.381558,-78.381494,-78.381424,-78.38134,-78.381293,-78.380532,-78.380382,-78.380254,-78.380147,-78.379926,-78.379711,-78.3795,-78.379148,-78.378647,-78.378452,-78.378295,-78.378118,-78.377975,-78.377771,-78.377433,-78.377297,-78.377204,-78.377116,-78.377073,-78.376977,-78.376869,-78.376796,-78.376681,-78.376566,-78.376433,-78.376292,-78.376199,-78.376094,-78.37598,-78.375882,-78.375792,-78.375677,-78.375552,-78.375474,-78.37542,-78.374852,-78.374737,-78.37463,-78.374543,-78.37446,-78.374368,-78.374248,-78.374126,-78.373966,-78.373805,-78.373665,-78.373439,-78.373209,-78.372992,-78.372875,-78.372741,-78.372278,-78.372096,-78.371929,-78.371806,-78.371587,-78.371305,-78.371031,-78.370898,-78.370747,-78.370564,-78.37045,-78.370305,-78.369951,-78.369606,-78.369502,-78.369449,-78.369416,-78.369395,-78.369369,-78.369241,-78.369184,-78.369139,-78.369098,-78.369039,-78.368952,-78.368807,-78.368719,-78.36858,-78.368478,-78.368424,-78.368386,-78.368303,-78.368218,-78.368109,-78.367729,-78.367576,-78.367464,-78.367342,-78.367267,-78.367196,-78.367018,-78.366852,-78.366716,-78.366584,-78.366342,-78.36603,-78.365933,-78.365899,-78.365763,-78.3657,-78.365631,-78.365579,-78.365515,-78.365457,-78.365388,-78.365313,-78.365261,-78.365152,-78.364985,-78.364939,-78.364904,-78.364831,-78.364746,-78.364616,-78.364476,-78.36431,-78.36417,-78.36403,-78.36388,-78.363834,-78.36382,-78.36381,-78.36381,-78.363834,-78.363862,-78.36389,-78.363946,-78.364036,-78.364127,-78.364157,-78.364239,-78.364402,-78.364582,-78.364722,-78.364787,-78.364833,-78.365003,-78.365289,-78.365413,-78.365551,-78.365679,-78.365744,-78.365772,-78.36579,-78.365808,-78.36581,-78.365807,-78.365781,-78.365755,-78.365718,-78.365662,-78.3656,-78.365529,-78.365444,-78.365341,-78.3653,-78.36523,-78.365191,-78.365134,-78.365064,-78.364694,-78.364371,-78.363831,-78.3637,-78.363526,-78.363374,-78.363247,-78.363069,-78.362885,-78.362523,-78.362226,-78.362015,-78.361875,-78.361761,-78.361666,-78.361595,-78.361442,-78.361289,-78.36122,-78.361213,-78.361228,-78.361241,-78.361361,-78.361431,-78.361779,-78.362312,-78.36239,-78.362469,-78.362469,-78.362422,-78.362326,-78.362264,-78.362174,-78.362056,-78.361893,-78.361848,-78.3618,-78.361712,-78.361601,-78.361543,-78.361483,-78.361429,-78.361359,-78.361287,-78.36122,-78.361142,-78.361017,-78.36078,-78.3607,-78.360599,-78.360535,-78.36045,-78.360358,-78.360233,-78.360077,-78.359958,-78.359842,-78.359735,-78.359659,-78.359527,-78.359241,-78.359021,-78.358874,-78.358752,-78.358644,-78.358549,-78.358453,-78.358269,-78.358162,-78.35807,-78.357993,-78.357913,-78.357809,-78.357752,-78.35769,-78.357667,-78.357648,-78.357629,-78.357618,-78.357608,-78.357603,-78.357537,-78.357543,-78.357549,-78.357559,-78.357579,-78.357634,-78.357724,-78.357848,-78.357929,-78.358001,-78.358175,-78.358364,-78.358496,-78.35863,-78.35869,-78.358739,-78.358838,-78.358936,-78.359039,-78.359182,-78.359259,-78.359463,-78.359619,-78.359801,-78.360058,-78.361057,-78.361201,-78.361538,-78.361824,-78.362096,-78.362275,-78.362455,-78.362654,-78.362817,-78.363174,-78.363521,-78.363814,-78.363987,-78.364118,-78.364306,-78.364498,-78.365159,-78.365294,-78.365415,-78.365441,-78.365456,-78.365469,-78.365482,-78.3655,-78.365506,-78.365568,-78.365638,-78.365739,-78.36584,-78.365957,-78.366002,-78.366131,-78.366269,-78.366361,-78.366483,-78.366553,-78.36659,-78.366607,-78.366585,-78.366556,-78.366479,-78.366365,-78.366237,-78.366058,-78.365932,-78.365862,-78.365796,-78.365647,-78.365626,-78.365544,-78.365492,-78.365383,-78.365303,-78.365223,-78.365153,-78.365078,-78.365013,-78.364937,-78.364842,-78.364717,-78.364562,-78.364311,-78.363861,-78.362934,-78.362624,-78.362393,-78.362234,-78.361782,-78.361497,-78.361324,-78.36113,-78.360901,-78.360672,-78.360545,-78.360423,-78.360331,-78.360224,-78.360107,-78.359935,-78.359635,-78.359391,-78.359188,-78.359051,-78.359,-78.358969,-78.358944,-78.358929,-78.358914,-78.358834,-78.358817,-78.358787,-78.3587,-78.358643,-78.358485,-78.358301,-78.358213,-78.358113,-78.358008,-78.35792,-78.357847,-78.357761,-78.35768,-78.35737,-78.35702,-78.356767,-78.3566,-78.356509,-78.356394,-78.356244,-78.356066,-78.355865,-78.355681,-78.355376,-78.354951,-78.354669,-78.354439,-78.35399,-78.353583,-78.353213,-78.352632,-78.352182,-78.352119,-78.351846,-78.351083,-78.351003,-78.350888,-78.350505,-78.350243,-78.350008,-78.349828,-78.349571,-78.349,-78.348617,-78.34849,-78.348396,-78.348342,-78.348262,-78.348195,-78.347973,-78.347899,-78.347832,-78.347786,-78.347773,-78.347779,-78.34784,-78.347896,-78.347913,-78.34792,-78.347932,-78.347982,-78.348051,-78.348213,-78.348319,-78.348425,-78.348531,-78.348688,-78.348837,-78.349087,-78.349219,-78.3493,-78.349413,-78.34949,-78.349533,-78.349512,-78.349481,-78.349398,-78.34922,-78.349011,-78.34877,-78.34855,-78.348498,-78.348499,-78.34851,-78.348541,-78.348584,-78.348673,-78.348911,-78.349211,-78.349898,-78.350314,-78.350336,-78.350355,-78.350366,-78.350402,-78.350402,-78.350399,-78.350321,-78.350261,-78.350191,-78.349931,-78.349721,-78.349501,-78.349363,-78.349284,-78.349153,-78.348971,-78.348616,-78.348473,-78.348367,-78.34811,-78.348011,-78.347869,-78.347774,-78.347715,-78.347652,-78.34762,-78.347577,-78.34753,-78.347475,-78.347372,-78.347277,-78.347178,-78.347107,-78.347032,-78.346952,-78.346882,-78.346844,-78.346771,-78.346671,-78.346509,-78.346397,-78.346346,-78.346291,-78.346185,-78.345934,-78.345532,-78.345297,-78.345158,-78.345096,-78.344968,-78.344555,-78.34443,-78.344221,-78.34393,-78.343755,-78.343639,-78.343465,-78.343325,-78.34307,-78.34271,-78.342477,-78.34228,-78.341978,-78.341723,-78.341514,-78.34132,-78.341214,-78.341132,-78.341153,-78.341204,-78.341631,-78.341782,-78.342171,-78.342335,-78.342399,-78.342621,-78.342692,-78.342906,-78.343205,-78.343411,-78.34394,-78.345609,-78.346752,-78.348309,-78.348653,-78.348925,-78.349246,-78.349448,-78.349659,-78.349867,-78.350332,-78.35069,-78.351176,-78.352433,-78.352727,-78.353012,-78.353386,-78.353632,-78.353899,-78.354014,-78.354199,-78.354985,-78.355441,-78.3557,-78.356328,-78.356534,-78.356593,-78.356686,-78.357412,-78.357676,-78.358642,-78.359089,-78.359137,-78.359308,-78.359821,-78.359951,-78.360079,-78.360229,-78.360361,-78.360484,-78.360595,-78.360811,-78.361063,-78.361464,-78.361599,-78.361778,-78.361843,-78.361937,-78.362043,-78.362503,-78.362794,-78.362927,-78.363025,-78.363109,-78.363191,-78.363257,-78.363297,-78.363354,-78.363411,-78.363476,-78.363571,-78.363688,-78.363813,-78.363942,-78.365609,-78.366062,-78.366652,-78.367227,-78.367426,-78.367659,-78.367833,-78.368001,-78.368131,-78.36918,-78.369315,-78.369525,-78.369669,-78.369719,-78.369866,-78.370496,-78.370816,-78.370901,-78.371051,-78.371237,-78.371384,-78.371522,-78.371562,-78.371773,-78.372382,-78.372853,-78.373277,-78.373668,-78.373964,-78.374348,-78.374458,-78.374574,-78.374692,-78.37485,-78.375362,-78.376147,-78.376226,-78.376372,-78.376639,-78.377005,-78.377287,-78.377493,-78.377933,-78.378185,-78.378475,-78.378707,-78.378936,-78.379396,-78.379588,-78.37974,-78.379879,-78.379967,-78.380227,-78.380486,-78.380828,-78.380901,-78.380952,-78.380975,-78.381086,-78.381154,-78.381218,-78.381301,-78.381401,-78.381517,-78.381643,-78.381739,-78.38187,-78.382272,-78.382647,-78.382939,-78.383207,-78.383366,-78.383559,-78.383635,-78.383723,-78.383851,-78.384059,-78.384554,-78.385151,-78.385549,-78.385745,-78.386044,-78.38615,-78.386335,-78.386448,-78.386521,-78.38677,-78.386889,-78.387013,-78.387542,-78.38801,-78.388368,-78.388659,-78.389252,-78.390154,-78.390522,-78.390892,-78.39104,-78.391183,-78.391352,-78.391769,-78.392164,-78.392291,-78.39252,-78.392718,-78.392791,-78.393204,-78.393433,-78.393476,-78.393557,-78.393804,-78.393908,-78.394362,-78.394809,-78.395076,-78.395233,-78.395327,-78.395454,-78.395586,-78.395993,-78.396489,-78.397052,-78.397653,-78.397802,-78.398001,-78.398111,-78.398246,-78.398349,-78.398408,-78.398469,-78.398615,-78.398789,-78.398693,-78.398598,-78.398485,-78.398291,-78.398229,-78.398155,-78.39811,-78.398087,-78.398086,-78.398116,-78.39816,-78.398182,-78.398192,-78.398221,-78.398284,-78.398323,-78.398336,-78.398417,-78.398515,-78.398623,-78.398739,-78.398883,-78.398968,-78.399184,-78.39929,-78.399384,-78.399487,-78.399627,-78.399732,-78.399883,-78.40004,-78.400253,-78.400407,-78.400656,-78.401424,-78.40526,-78.405542,-78.40624,-78.406493,-78.40659,-78.406786,-78.406978,-78.407206,-78.407396,-78.407544,-78.407589,-78.407729,-78.407861,-78.407926,-78.408033,-78.408096,-78.408232,-78.40882,-78.409035,-78.40936,-78.409637,-78.409971,-78.410432,-78.410565,-78.410689,-78.410778,-78.410851,-78.410973,-78.411134,-78.411307,-78.411433,-78.411526,-78.411774,-78.412003,-78.412195,-78.412263,-78.412355,-78.412451,-78.412725,-78.412817,-78.413016,-78.413324,-78.413637,-78.413719,-78.414224,-78.41715,-78.41864,-78.419263,-78.419791,-78.419922,-78.420283,-78.420438,-78.420834,-78.420873,-78.421543,-78.421953,-78.422545,-78.423242,-78.423685,-78.424075,-78.424727,-78.425501,-78.425942,-78.426215,-78.426418,-78.427219,-78.427702,-78.428243,-78.430417,-78.431087,-78.43164,-78.432476,-78.432568,-78.433434,-78.43392,-78.434726,-78.4355,-78.436376,-78.43726,-78.437346,-78.438196,-78.438596,-78.438995,-78.440479,-78.442307,-78.442865,-78.442961,-78.443281,-78.445491,-78.445976,-78.446485,-78.448244,-78.448489,-78.449119,-78.44972,-78.451414,-78.452337,-78.456099,-78.456476,-78.457261,-78.457961,-78.458328,-78.458748,-78.459505,-78.459917,-78.460459,-78.460839,-78.461063,-78.461562,-78.461865,-78.462165,-78.462384,-78.462789,-78.463074,-78.463279,-78.463677,-78.463712,-78.464868,-78.465169,-78.465402,-78.466438,-78.466513,-78.466587,-78.466735,-78.466948,-78.467093,-78.467348,-78.467562,-78.468604,-78.469238,-78.469822,-78.470502,-78.470922,-78.471263,-78.472284,-78.472535,-78.472721,-78.473012,-78.473178,-78.473456,-78.473665,-78.473826,-78.473834,-78.474006,-78.474074,-78.474383,-78.474806,-78.475008,-78.475206,-78.475312,-78.475499,-78.475613,-78.475749,-78.475796,-78.475842,-78.476234,-78.476322,-78.476343,-78.476383,-78.476468,-78.476506,-78.476532,-78.476539,-78.476525,-78.476502,-78.476426,-78.476331,-78.476187,-78.476021,-78.47591,-78.475876,-78.475861,-78.475865,-78.475889,-78.475933,-78.475996,-78.476057,-78.476151,-78.476238,-78.476368,-78.476492,-78.47663,-78.476715,-78.476787,-78.476859,-78.476911,-78.476921,-78.476916,-78.476897,-78.476864,-78.476867,-78.476888,-78.476923,-78.476973,-78.477041,-78.477136,-78.477227,-78.47731,-78.477484,-78.477612,-78.477725,-78.477807,-78.477893,-78.477963,-78.478098,-78.478159,-78.47825,-78.478333,-78.478416,-78.478514,-78.478603,-78.479303,-78.479441,-78.479588,-78.479781,-78.479943,-78.480112,-78.480307,-78.480523,-78.480557,-78.480741,-78.481039,-78.48125,-78.481373,-78.483418,-78.483922,-78.48416,-78.484627,-78.485013,-78.485296,-78.485745,-78.485857,-78.48611,-78.486421,-78.487042,-78.487534,-78.488018,-78.488618,-78.48899,-78.48914,-78.489396,-78.490098,-78.490425,-78.490785,-78.491823,-78.492138,-78.49245,-78.492754,-78.493046,-78.493283,-78.494188,-78.494765,-78.495094,-78.495327,-78.495715,-78.495908,-78.496192,-78.496423,-78.496697,-78.496929,-78.497151,-78.497503,-78.498404,-78.499101,-78.499614,-78.499747,-78.499987,-78.500481,-78.500901,-78.501479,-78.501692,-78.502103,-78.502836,-78.50296,-78.503262,-78.503595,-78.503842,-78.50414,-78.504453,-78.504837,-78.504989,-78.505105,-78.505198,-78.505402,-78.505673,-78.505817,-78.505866,-78.506115,-78.506332,-78.506446,-78.506849,-78.507063,-78.507127,-78.507375,-78.507554,-78.507698,-78.508387,-78.50853,-78.508958,-78.509146,-78.50935,-78.509698,-78.510122,-78.510705,-78.511003,-78.511185,-78.511422,-78.51167,-78.51189,-78.512179,-78.51366,-78.514173,-78.514274,-78.515182,-78.51586,-78.516551,-78.516725,-78.516935,-78.517598,-78.517849,-78.518006,-78.51821,-78.518422,-78.518639,-78.518816,-78.51904,-78.519305,-78.519569,-78.519781,-78.520527,-78.520972,-78.521529,-78.521709,-78.522049,-78.522389,-78.522726,-78.52297,-78.52321,-78.523399,-78.523578,-78.523737,-78.523871,-78.524023,-78.524162,-78.524265,-78.52488,-78.524966,-78.525064,-78.525172,-78.525288,-78.525409,-78.525509,-78.525606,-78.525658,-78.5258,-78.52589,-78.525993,-78.526288,-78.526695,-78.52678,-78.526929,-78.527087,-78.527252,-78.527387,-78.527559,-78.527732,-78.528077,-78.528353,-78.528726,-78.528889,-78.529046,-78.5294,-78.529535,-78.529735,-78.53006,-78.530193,-78.530347,-78.530487,-78.530678,-78.530832,-78.531056,-78.531224,-78.531367,-78.531582,-78.531905,-78.534085,-78.534254,-78.534381,-78.534529,-78.534637,-78.53476,-78.535171,-78.535396,-78.535837,-78.536455,-78.536582,-78.536643,-78.536716,-78.536758,-78.536783,-78.536789,-78.536779,-78.536757,-78.536714,-78.536539,-78.536237,-78.536198,-78.536073,-78.536016,-78.535997,-78.53598,-78.53598,-78.535998,-78.536034,-78.536075,-78.536147,-78.536196,-78.536271,-78.536361,-78.536428,-78.536514,-78.536598,-78.536684,-78.536782,-78.536877,-78.536967,-78.537032,-78.537105,-78.537154,-78.537193,-78.537371,-78.537495,-78.537551,-78.537634,-78.537731,-78.537838,-78.537954,-78.538078,-78.538566,-78.538688,-78.538807,-78.53895,-78.539085,-78.53921,-78.539387,-78.539475,-78.539569,-78.539695,-78.539826,-78.539962,-78.540073,-78.540156,-78.540385,-78.540858,-78.541103,-78.541356,-78.541609,-78.541923,-78.542296,-78.542922,-78.543055,-78.543189,-78.543321,-78.543423,-78.543541,-78.543653,-78.543782,-78.5439,-78.544005,-78.544267,-78.544429,-78.54457,-78.544771,-78.544986,-78.545199,-78.545304,-78.545351,-78.54541],"lat":[38.356933,38.357108,38.357152,38.357872,38.358399,38.359124,38.35986,38.360235,38.361134,38.361536,38.362518,38.363319,38.364298,38.364859,38.364922,38.365341,38.365496,38.365639,38.365849,38.366113,38.366201,38.366212,38.366147,38.366103,38.366309,38.366367,38.366773,38.367037,38.36751,38.367716,38.367851,38.3684,38.369015,38.369255,38.36929,38.36951,38.369916,38.370279,38.370762,38.370851,38.371267,38.372442,38.373628,38.37465,38.375595,38.375911,38.376474,38.377297,38.378255,38.379011,38.379308,38.379791,38.38004,38.380264,38.380791,38.380905,38.381253,38.381956,38.382224,38.382414,38.383098,38.38326,38.384097,38.384477,38.384899,38.385304,38.385723,38.386789,38.386896,38.387269,38.388173,38.389381,38.390392,38.391567,38.39283,38.39372,38.394159,38.393915,38.393533,38.393138,38.392876,38.39293,38.39327,38.393573,38.394006,38.39461,38.395302,38.395885,38.39628,38.396478,38.39728,38.397881,38.398784,38.399422,38.399599,38.400487,38.401168,38.401981,38.402673,38.40323,38.403859,38.404221,38.404825,38.40532,38.405715,38.4061,38.406286,38.406813,38.40767,38.408395,38.408865,38.409054,38.409922,38.410405,38.411173,38.412119,38.412867,38.41359,38.414299,38.414815,38.414897,38.41515,38.415279,38.415402,38.416106,38.417182,38.418082,38.419071,38.419763,38.419838,38.420499,38.420817,38.42117,38.42147,38.421579,38.421731,38.421833,38.422341,38.422979,38.423648,38.42427,38.424696,38.424896,38.42502,38.425883,38.427061,38.427474,38.427706,38.428594,38.429231,38.429925,38.430603,38.431184,38.431491,38.431701,38.43175,38.431726,38.431847,38.432146,38.432872,38.433223,38.433396,38.433831,38.434178,38.434711,38.434777,38.43501,38.435106,38.435444,38.435719,38.436009,38.436199,38.436265,38.436461,38.436905,38.437485,38.43809,38.438201,38.438301,38.438366,38.438574,38.438816,38.439185,38.439268,38.439382,38.439777,38.440204,38.440511,38.440777,38.441677,38.44181,38.441955,38.442056,38.44231,38.442762,38.443343,38.443867,38.444287,38.444682,38.445586,38.446086,38.446481,38.446852,38.447449,38.447627,38.447603,38.447345,38.447433,38.447441,38.447449,38.447507,38.447548,38.447572,38.447475,38.447,38.447363,38.448194,38.448855,38.450283,38.451186,38.451945,38.452542,38.453002,38.453631,38.453921,38.454285,38.45472,38.455107,38.455712,38.456277,38.457068,38.457398,38.457874,38.458323,38.458399,38.458613,38.458923,38.459528,38.460101,38.460313,38.460416,38.460592,38.460811,38.461375,38.461819,38.462408,38.462731,38.463046,38.463247,38.463367,38.463707,38.46411,38.464385,38.464804,38.465514,38.46661,38.467409,38.467611,38.467733,38.467949,38.468224,38.468343,38.468496,38.468667,38.469063,38.469418,38.46999,38.470579,38.471176,38.471684,38.472532,38.472895,38.473395,38.474089,38.474661,38.475051,38.475278,38.475459,38.475527,38.475229,38.474366,38.473148,38.472495,38.471906,38.471607,38.470252,38.469567,38.469391,38.468904,38.468259,38.46742,38.466759,38.466254,38.466175,38.465964,38.465757,38.465477,38.464706,38.463719,38.463331,38.462871,38.461875,38.461614,38.461246,38.461085,38.460246,38.459861,38.459846,38.459824,38.459799,38.459772,38.459745,38.459719,38.459689,38.45966,38.459631,38.459601,38.45957,38.459539,38.459517,38.459495,38.459473,38.459451,38.459428,38.459406,38.459389,38.459372,38.459354,38.459337,38.45932,38.459304,38.459287,38.45927,38.459254,38.459237,38.459225,38.459206,38.459186,38.459166,38.459147,38.459129,38.459112,38.459096,38.459083,38.45907,38.459058,38.459046,38.459035,38.459025,38.459015,38.459006,38.458997,38.458989,38.458981,38.458975,38.458969,38.458964,38.458961,38.458958,38.458955,38.458953,38.458948,38.458946,38.458947,38.458956,38.458968,38.458983,38.458999,38.459011,38.459025,38.459033,38.459037,38.459037,38.459032,38.459021,38.459005,38.458987,38.458964,38.458929,38.458915,38.458902,38.458889,38.458877,38.458864,38.458853,38.458847,38.458835,38.458823,38.458813,38.458804,38.458797,38.458792,38.45879,38.45879,38.458794,38.458801,38.458809,38.458818,38.458827,38.458835,38.458839,38.45884,38.458838,38.458834,38.458826,38.458817,38.458811,38.458807,38.458804,38.458802,38.458801,38.458799,38.458794,38.458788,38.45878,38.458769,38.458755,38.45874,38.458721,38.458699,38.458676,38.458652,38.458613,38.458601,38.458563,38.458546,38.458513,38.458486,38.458457,38.458427,38.458397,38.458364,38.458332,38.458304,38.458276,38.458249,38.458225,38.458202,38.458179,38.458157,38.458135,38.458113,38.458058,38.458004,38.457951,38.457915,38.45788,38.457847,38.457821,38.457797,38.457775,38.457756,38.457739,38.457722,38.457709,38.457696,38.45768,38.457664,38.457625,38.457581,38.457537,38.457494,38.457471,38.457448,38.457426,38.4574,38.457373,38.457347,38.45732,38.457293,38.457266,38.457239,38.457184,38.457129,38.457084,38.457048,38.457013,38.456977,38.45694,38.456903,38.456868,38.456834,38.456802,38.456777,38.456757,38.456739,38.456721,38.456706,38.456693,38.45668,38.45667,38.456659,38.456641,38.456622,38.4566,38.456584,38.456566,38.456536,38.456502,38.45645,38.456413,38.456376,38.456346,38.456321,38.456298,38.456278,38.456263,38.456249,38.456237,38.456227,38.456216,38.456206,38.456197,38.456188,38.456176,38.456161,38.456145,38.456118,38.456098,38.456068,38.456038,38.456018,38.455999,38.45598,38.455963,38.455942,38.455926,38.455908,38.455893,38.455877,38.455858,38.455832,38.455801,38.455771,38.455744,38.455703,38.455676,38.45565,38.455611,38.455582,38.455553,38.455524,38.455476,38.455427,38.455377,38.455345,38.455312,38.45528,38.455247,38.455214,38.455181,38.455143,38.455118,38.455076,38.455022,38.454956,38.4549,38.454833,38.45481,38.454786,38.454763,38.454739,38.454714,38.454694,38.454676,38.454652,38.454631,38.45461,38.454589,38.454561,38.454537,38.454506,38.454478,38.454451,38.454423,38.454401,38.454374,38.454349,38.454325,38.4543,38.454277,38.454255,38.454236,38.454216,38.454177,38.454157,38.454135,38.454115,38.454091,38.454047,38.454009,38.453979,38.453949,38.453917,38.453884,38.453851,38.453834,38.453796,38.453758,38.453721,38.453684,38.453648,38.45363,38.453613,38.453579,38.453547,38.45352,38.453509,38.453501,38.453487,38.453472,38.453461,38.45345,38.453438,38.453422,38.453405,38.453386,38.453361,38.453335,38.453307,38.453278,38.453249,38.453218,38.453188,38.453157,38.453127,38.453108,38.45307,38.453031,38.453012,38.45297,38.452949,38.452928,38.452907,38.452868,38.452833,38.452798,38.45276,38.45272,38.4527,38.45268,38.452661,38.452638,38.452616,38.452594,38.452572,38.452551,38.452529,38.452499,38.452469,38.452439,38.45241,38.452381,38.452351,38.452313,38.452275,38.45224,38.452199,38.452162,38.452125,38.452109,38.452077,38.452045,38.452011,38.451978,38.451943,38.451893,38.451859,38.451824,38.45179,38.45172,38.451659,38.451598,38.451536,38.451479,38.451423,38.451366,38.451312,38.451259,38.451232,38.451206,38.451187,38.451168,38.451149,38.45113,38.451103,38.45108,38.451052,38.451024,38.450996,38.450971,38.450947,38.450923,38.450899,38.450876,38.450853,38.450835,38.450817,38.450798,38.450776,38.450753,38.450729,38.450708,38.450686,38.450646,38.450608,38.450572,38.45052,38.450488,38.450424,38.450364,38.450321,38.45028,38.450259,38.450238,38.450214,38.450169,38.450113,38.450024,38.44994,38.449893,38.449856,38.449804,38.449749,38.449686,38.449601,38.449518,38.449455,38.44938,38.449312,38.449229,38.449137,38.449041,38.448962,38.448912,38.448863,38.448818,38.448775,38.448729,38.448682,38.448638,38.448595,38.448529,38.448457,38.448398,38.448329,38.44826,38.448201,38.448154,38.448119,38.448085,38.448045,38.447978,38.447922,38.447857,38.447787,38.447731,38.44767,38.447601,38.447522,38.447435,38.447363,38.447299,38.447244,38.447173,38.447106,38.447016,38.446921,38.446833,38.44677,38.446708,38.446649,38.446588,38.446511,38.446466,38.446423,38.446379,38.446325,38.446257,38.446196,38.446126,38.446029,38.445921,38.445828,38.445775,38.445743,38.445708,38.445675,38.445631,38.445582,38.445519,38.44545,38.445367,38.445276,38.445181,38.445099,38.445016,38.444935,38.444854,38.444763,38.444652,38.444552,38.444453,38.444356,38.444268,38.444191,38.444135,38.444081,38.444033,38.443984,38.443924,38.44385,38.443794,38.443723,38.443682,38.443623,38.443524,38.443437,38.443355,38.443262,38.443168,38.443089,38.443018,38.442922,38.442839,38.442762,38.442684,38.442595,38.442502,38.442401,38.442281,38.44222,38.442116,38.442008,38.441872,38.44175,38.441659,38.441592,38.441515,38.441427,38.441339,38.441261,38.44118,38.441109,38.441018,38.44093,38.440806,38.440711,38.44061,38.440451,38.440387,38.440288,38.440201,38.440096,38.440004,38.439928,38.439855,38.439749,38.43966,38.439564,38.439477,38.439385,38.439316,38.439257,38.439224,38.439198,38.439126,38.439065,38.438998,38.438962,38.438929,38.438892,38.43885,38.438791,38.438715,38.438637,38.438553,38.438456,38.438363,38.43811,38.438011,38.437961,38.43789,38.437808,38.437752,38.437709,38.437662,38.437622,38.437555,38.437485,38.437425,38.437373,38.437323,38.437283,38.437228,38.437167,38.437114,38.437038,38.436974,38.436965,38.436916,38.436861,38.436811,38.436761,38.436713,38.436668,38.436623,38.436571,38.436506,38.436436,38.436377,38.436285,38.436199,38.436101,38.436013,38.435953,38.435888,38.435818,38.435751,38.435689,38.435626,38.435564,38.435509,38.435452,38.435379,38.435323,38.43528,38.435216,38.435161,38.435099,38.435044,38.434992,38.434929,38.434868,38.434796,38.434738,38.43467,38.434595,38.434522,38.434443,38.434368,38.434294,38.434227,38.434152,38.434077,38.433991,38.433918,38.433829,38.433765,38.433681,38.433619,38.43355,38.433439,38.433363,38.43329,38.433198,38.433109,38.433038,38.432976,38.432913,38.432848,38.432771,38.432681,38.432551,38.432425,38.432352,38.432271,38.432196,38.432134,38.432069,38.432009,38.431959,38.431906,38.431792,38.431746,38.431686,38.431642,38.43159,38.431526,38.43148,38.431432,38.431374,38.431318,38.431247,38.431193,38.431113,38.431059,38.431012,38.430952,38.430843,38.430747,38.430693,38.430616,38.430568,38.430487,38.430408,38.430324,38.430238,38.430057,38.429955,38.429804,38.429728,38.429681,38.429623,38.429515,38.429423,38.429342,38.429284,38.429229,38.4292,38.429199,38.429144,38.428945,38.428709,38.428548,38.428398,38.428178,38.428063,38.427874,38.427663,38.427552,38.427357,38.427283,38.427151,38.427009,38.426847,38.426711,38.426595,38.426404,38.426198,38.425982,38.425786,38.425664,38.425529,38.425405,38.425284,38.425146,38.425025,38.424921,38.424759,38.424607,38.42445,38.424411,38.424283,38.424072,38.423912,38.423805,38.42369,38.423606,38.423468,38.423317,38.423218,38.423095,38.422963,38.422811,38.422653,38.422521,38.42243,38.422336,38.422146,38.421992,38.421787,38.421672,38.421612,38.421552,38.421484,38.421292,38.421268,38.421038,38.420865,38.420672,38.420448,38.420336,38.420249,38.420162,38.420037,38.419887,38.41973,38.419641,38.419557,38.419486,38.419447,38.419332,38.41921,38.419105,38.41893,38.4189,38.418843,38.418755,38.418651,38.418536,38.418396,38.418243,38.418057,38.417946,38.417802,38.417625,38.417532,38.417349,38.417257,38.417209,38.417105,38.41707,38.416954,38.41695,38.416906,38.416423,38.416264,38.416214,38.416149,38.416096,38.416061,38.415872,38.415629,38.41552,38.415373,38.415158,38.414973,38.414845,38.414686,38.41442,38.414149,38.413865,38.41361,38.413445,38.413297,38.413193,38.413043,38.412895,38.412769,38.412581,38.412463,38.41237,38.412225,38.412043,38.411897,38.411766,38.4116,38.411455,38.411299,38.411175,38.410925,38.410868,38.410714,38.4106,38.410501,38.410409,38.410292,38.410212,38.410075,38.409979,38.409817,38.409686,38.409581,38.409396,38.409233,38.409115,38.408946,38.408729,38.40857,38.408438,38.408355,38.40829,38.408217,38.408112,38.407989,38.407838,38.407742,38.407566,38.407468,38.407331,38.407189,38.407055,38.406919,38.406782,38.406621,38.406532,38.406373,38.406239,38.406092,38.405948,38.405747,38.405577,38.405442,38.405328,38.405206,38.405084,38.40498,38.404875,38.404844,38.40475,38.404664,38.404633,38.404572,38.40441,38.404337,38.404212,38.404096,38.403954,38.40383,38.403715,38.403495,38.403313,38.403188,38.402798,38.402514,38.402184,38.401907,38.401735,38.401663,38.40161,38.401544,38.401464,38.401405,38.401359,38.401313,38.40122,38.401101,38.400929,38.400791,38.400672,38.40054,38.400427,38.400348,38.400242,38.400044,38.399939,38.399826,38.399649,38.399463,38.399346,38.399233,38.399047,38.398728,38.398464,38.398385,38.398317,38.398238,38.398091,38.397974,38.397866,38.397738,38.397586,38.397496,38.397236,38.39715,38.397057,38.396927,38.396742,38.396575,38.396402,38.39626,38.396069,38.395704,38.395469,38.395395,38.395284,38.39521,38.395136,38.395006,38.394948,38.394629,38.393908,38.393656,38.393463,38.393274,38.393124,38.393024,38.392887,38.392849,38.392806,38.392779,38.392764,38.392735,38.392721,38.392721,38.392744,38.392763,38.39277,38.392734,38.392668,38.392611,38.392526,38.392422,38.392356,38.39227,38.392128,38.391986,38.391877,38.391821,38.391764,38.391712,38.391612,38.391532,38.391485,38.391476,38.391414,38.391251,38.391166,38.391077,38.390987,38.390829,38.390791,38.390723,38.390491,38.39037,38.390254,38.390143,38.38999,38.389875,38.389847,38.389668,38.389562,38.389499,38.389256,38.389119,38.388971,38.388907,38.388828,38.388754,38.388699,38.388655,38.388541,38.388413,38.387998,38.387276,38.387039,38.386714,38.38659,38.386421,38.386108,38.385801,38.385366,38.3853,38.385243,38.385192,38.384835,38.384621,38.384429,38.384248,38.384143,38.384061,38.384038,38.383997,38.383912,38.38377,38.38369,38.383548,38.383357,38.383218,38.383027,38.382853,38.382701,38.382512,38.382316,38.382084,38.38196,38.381844,38.381663,38.381423,38.381213,38.38085,38.380211,38.379848,38.379554,38.379243,38.378972,38.378609,38.378351,38.378212,38.377981,38.37773,38.377515,38.377457,38.377407,38.377358,38.377334,38.377201,38.377135,38.377065,38.376884,38.376646,38.376347,38.376197,38.376029,38.375867,38.37581,38.375764,38.375723,38.375683,38.37562,38.375523,38.37542,38.375349,38.37529,38.375238,38.375168,38.37513,38.375103,38.375052,38.375002,38.374937,38.374917,38.374885,38.374838,38.374751,38.374574,38.374406,38.374241,38.373941,38.373494,38.373386,38.37323,38.373149,38.373095,38.373044,38.372972,38.372887,38.372748,38.372599,38.372236,38.37208,38.372025,38.371981,38.371924,38.371869,38.371779,38.371557,38.370748,38.37046,38.370274,38.369962,38.369812,38.369725,38.369694,38.369656,38.369623,38.369594,38.369509,38.369031,38.368815,38.368637,38.368434,38.368065,38.367876,38.367747,38.367588,38.367359,38.3672,38.367035,38.366908,38.366814,38.366704,38.3665,38.366411,38.366329,38.366239,38.366144,38.365979,38.36566,38.365528,38.365406,38.365293,38.364894,38.364676,38.364586,38.364472,38.364437,38.364341,38.364079,38.363899,38.363774,38.36366,38.363582,38.363547,38.3635,38.363441,38.363426,38.363402,38.363398,38.363406,38.36341,38.36342,38.363422,38.363411,38.363396,38.363344,38.363311,38.363209,38.363175,38.363147,38.363122,38.3631,38.363095,38.363095,38.363075,38.363047,38.363003,38.362959,38.362922,38.362877,38.362843,38.362796,38.362738,38.362562,38.362443,38.362365,38.362314,38.362232,38.362031,38.361953,38.361919,38.361885,38.361862,38.361845,38.361828,38.361817,38.361811,38.361794,38.361732,38.36144,38.361371,38.361144,38.360995,38.360899,38.360812,38.360667,38.360624,38.360513,38.360355,38.360191,38.360019,38.359747,38.359594,38.359426,38.359225,38.359142,38.359066,38.359019,38.359,38.358993,38.358967,38.358928,38.35894,38.358946,38.358946,38.358934,38.358922,38.35891,38.358904,38.358904,38.358889,38.358856,38.358817,38.358783,38.358747,38.358705,38.358645,38.358609,38.358591,38.358564,38.358504,38.358459,38.358443,38.358411,38.358374,38.358325,38.358239,38.358079,38.358025,38.357955,38.357885,38.357804,38.357737,38.35769,38.357645,38.357613,38.357583,38.357529,38.357452,38.357393,38.357309,38.357262,38.357195,38.357106,38.357019,38.356861,38.356755,38.35672,38.356696,38.35667,38.356645,38.356617,38.356598,38.356582,38.356568,38.356559,38.356521,38.356525,38.356537,38.356539,38.356548,38.356546,38.356538,38.356517,38.356487,38.356462,38.356424,38.356391,38.356364,38.356328,38.356295,38.356262,38.356213,38.356171,38.356134,38.356093,38.356071,38.355972,38.355895,38.355842,38.355783,38.355741,38.355674,38.35551,38.355343,38.355096,38.354974,38.35491,38.354785,38.35456,38.354398,38.354247,38.35418,38.354124,38.353979,38.353819,38.353491,38.353102,38.353002,38.352942,38.352885,38.352791,38.35267,38.352458,38.352265,38.352181,38.352052,38.351954,38.351881,38.351782,38.351745,38.351719,38.351697,38.351676,38.351642,38.351591,38.351368,38.351266,38.351193,38.351142,38.351013,38.350983,38.350966,38.35097,38.350985,38.350877,38.350814,38.350777,38.350726,38.350659,38.35058,38.350534,38.350468,38.35032,38.350158,38.350077,38.349841,38.349731,38.349657,38.349528,38.349299,38.349071,38.348872,38.348786,38.348642,38.348559,38.348512,38.348388,38.348215,38.348117,38.348016,38.34796,38.347901,38.3479,38.347912,38.347935,38.347935,38.34792,38.347918,38.34791,38.347897,38.347897,38.347891,38.347876,38.347872,38.347853,38.347843,38.34782,38.347787,38.347758,38.347735,38.347706,38.347685,38.34766,38.347619,38.34758,38.347544,38.347517,38.347493,38.347441,38.347408,38.347352,38.347194,38.347103,38.346983,38.346889,38.346848,38.346792,38.346729,38.346635,38.3466,38.346553,38.346506,38.346437,38.346347,38.346149,38.345936,38.345713,38.345569,38.345384,38.345267,38.345155,38.345053,38.345004,38.344926,38.344838,38.344751,38.344639,38.344527,38.344478,38.34441,38.34436,38.344314,38.344254,38.344191,38.344143,38.344097,38.344065,38.344041,38.343993,38.343944,38.343862,38.343807,38.343737,38.343681,38.343645,38.343592,38.343495,38.3434,38.343304,38.343144,38.343109,38.342916,38.342831,38.342746,38.342667,38.342558,38.342449,38.34237,38.342267,38.342055,38.341612,38.34143,38.341012,38.340581,38.340247,38.34013,38.340048,38.339995,38.339951,38.339903,38.339845,38.339754,38.339652,38.339614,38.339512,38.33944,38.339401,38.339377,38.339357,38.339216,38.339046,38.338929,38.338757,38.338575,38.33843,38.338295,38.338233,38.338192,38.33816,38.338107,38.338004,38.337977,38.337946,38.337907,38.337843,38.337777,38.337722,38.337692,38.337604,38.337509,38.337417,38.337391,38.33733,38.337235,38.337122,38.337068,38.337014,38.336973,38.336913,38.336861,38.336815,38.336769,38.336692,38.336623,38.336341,38.336221,38.336134,38.336016,38.335919,38.335829,38.335707,38.335548,38.335483,38.33545,38.335432,38.335409,38.33538,38.335352,38.335336,38.335314,38.335239,38.33522,38.335217,38.33522,38.335227,38.335237,38.335261,38.335325,38.335427,38.335505,38.335595,38.335625,38.335632,38.335635,38.335628,38.335613,38.335586,38.335551,38.33544,38.335294,38.335214,38.335098,38.334998,38.334971,38.334925,38.334872,38.33478,38.334698,38.334576,38.334552,38.33452,38.334489,38.334457,38.334424,38.334371,38.334327,38.334276,38.334236,38.334157,38.334052,38.333947,38.333897,38.333847,38.333805,38.33375,38.33365,38.333587,38.33352,38.333339,38.333261,38.333214,38.333174,38.333146,38.333125,38.333107,38.333077,38.333016,38.332942,38.332913,38.332884,38.332861,38.33283,38.332779,38.332703,38.332578,38.332539,38.332471,38.332383,38.332326,38.332235,38.332154,38.332058,38.331917,38.331731,38.331645,38.331566,38.33148,38.33141,38.331349,38.331288,38.331239,38.331199,38.331165,38.331141,38.331092,38.33104,38.330976,38.330909,38.330851,38.330777,38.330722,38.330652,38.330575,38.33044,38.330364,38.330328,38.330275,38.330244,38.330175,38.330106,38.330034,38.330002,38.329973,38.329932,38.329894,38.329853,38.329815,38.329782,38.329761,38.3297,38.329591,38.329527,38.329417,38.329383,38.328995,38.328779,38.328692,38.328623,38.328501,38.328384,38.328258,38.328167,38.327831,38.327641,38.327552,38.327487,38.327431,38.327385,38.327352,38.327348,38.327352,38.327389,38.32744,38.327509,38.327556,38.327588,38.3276,38.327602,38.3276,38.327589,38.327559,38.327488,38.327406,38.32731,38.327245,38.327177,38.327147,38.327046,38.326999,38.326964,38.326858,38.326828,38.32672,38.326591,38.326518,38.326462,38.326407,38.326357,38.326325,38.326292,38.326246,38.326194,38.326145,38.326054,38.325984,38.325929,38.325888,38.325837,38.325782,38.325767,38.325727,38.325627,38.325595,38.325588,38.325543,38.325389,38.32529,38.32523,38.32519,38.325139,38.325063,38.325015,38.324956,38.324888,38.324796,38.324673,38.324541,38.324452,38.32442,38.32432,38.324295,38.324286,38.324284,38.324281,38.324275,38.324256,38.324235,38.324205,38.32417,38.324126,38.324069,38.324021,38.323947,38.323883,38.323822,38.323687,38.323416,38.323224,38.323094,38.322943,38.322799,38.32272,38.32247,38.322387,38.322314,38.32221,38.322006,38.321883,38.321753,38.321512,38.32137,38.321272,38.321118,38.321074,38.32074,38.320525,38.320284,38.320096,38.319991,38.319841,38.31958,38.31936,38.319137,38.319015,38.318892,38.318746,38.31867,38.318627,38.318568,38.318525,38.318497,38.318469,38.318446,38.318417,38.318387,38.318362,38.318325,38.318294,38.318272,38.318246,38.318222,38.318207,38.31804,38.317997,38.317948,38.317932,38.317923,38.317925,38.317933,38.317954,38.317962,38.317965,38.317965,38.317955,38.317946,38.317782,38.317763,38.317747,38.317734,38.317702,38.317681,38.317653,38.317604,38.317532,38.317495,38.317458,38.31741,38.317357,38.317263,38.317103,38.317045,38.317012,38.316983,38.316976,38.31696,38.316972,38.316998,38.317044,38.317082,38.317099,38.317104,38.317102,38.3171,38.317094,38.317085,38.317062,38.317047,38.317046,38.317051,38.317054,38.317082,38.317094,38.317108,38.317127,38.317129,38.31711,38.317091,38.317068,38.317021,38.316976,38.316964,38.31694,38.316931,38.316931,38.316966,38.317034,38.317289,38.317408,38.317544,38.317604,38.31766,38.317702,38.317721,38.31772,38.317708,38.317683,38.31767,38.317661,38.317647,38.317621,38.317606,38.317592,38.317581,38.317566,38.317548,38.317442,38.317416,38.317406,38.317402,38.317404,38.317414,38.317449,38.317467,38.317469,38.31746,38.317454,38.317441,38.317414,38.317376,38.317329,38.317183,38.317136,38.317109,38.317088,38.317082,38.317077,38.317067,38.317077,38.317107,38.317153,38.317283,38.317424,38.317448,38.317455,38.317437,38.317396,38.317346,38.317291,38.317241,38.317191,38.317141,38.317072,38.316972,38.316703,38.316211,38.316138,38.316064,38.315955,38.315853,38.315742,38.315615,38.315465,38.31539,38.315323,38.315255,38.315224,38.315169,38.315113,38.315054,38.31496,38.314877,38.314833,38.314789,38.314727,38.314596,38.314537,38.314484,38.314379,38.314287,38.314164,38.314059,38.313944,38.313642,38.313097,38.312942,38.312769,38.312538,38.312365,38.312271,38.312062,38.311246,38.31117,38.3111,38.311059,38.311018,38.310986,38.310966,38.310948,38.310934,38.31091,38.310875,38.310855,38.310808,38.310778,38.310726,38.310668,38.310306,38.310021,38.309625,38.309556,38.30948,38.309435,38.30942,38.309394,38.309334,38.309199,38.309037,38.308918,38.308792,38.308667,38.308542,38.30841,38.308059,38.307713,38.307433,38.307351,38.307247,38.307144,38.306896,38.306797,38.306297,38.305609,38.30541,38.305139,38.304885,38.304668,38.304499,38.304431,38.304359,38.304262,38.3041,38.30404,38.303981,38.303852,38.303724,38.303697,38.303671,38.303664,38.303661,38.303669,38.303685,38.303716,38.303751,38.303808,38.303824,38.303839,38.303836,38.303811,38.303766,38.303696,38.303582,38.303489,38.303417,38.303338,38.303275,38.303189,38.302999,38.302849,38.302735,38.302645,38.302563,38.302508,38.302457,38.302351,38.302287,38.302233,38.302182,38.302142,38.302091,38.302057,38.302009,38.301976,38.301924,38.301858,38.301785,38.301672,38.301477,38.301177,38.300919,38.300816,38.300685,38.300587,38.300485,38.300329,38.300189,38.300121,38.300073,38.299992,38.299952,38.299947,38.299973,38.299994,38.300017,38.300066,38.300137,38.300225,38.300317,38.300344,38.300387,38.300424,38.300476,38.300549,38.300693,38.30068,38.300692,38.300703,38.300748,38.300767,38.300772,38.300756,38.300752,38.300737,38.300737,38.300723,38.300729,38.300714,38.300676,38.300608,38.300355,38.3003,38.300249,38.300227,38.300189,38.300152,38.299972,38.299779,38.299758,38.299593,38.299358,38.299051,38.298823,38.29854,38.298405,38.298222,38.29797,38.297712,38.29733,38.297045,38.296801,38.29651,38.296234,38.296021,38.295765,38.295495,38.295218,38.294859,38.294587,38.294402,38.294203,38.293741,38.293608,38.293229,38.293036,38.29274,38.292594,38.292495,38.292443,38.292416,38.292404,38.292416,38.292427,38.292431,38.292411,38.292364,38.29228,38.29209,38.292018,38.29199,38.291977,38.291989,38.292004,38.292032,38.292104,38.292196,38.292304,38.292352,38.292371,38.292375,38.292367,38.292347,38.292311,38.292182,38.292034,38.291885,38.291789,38.291741,38.291701,38.291637,38.291537,38.291368,38.290848,38.290695,38.290425,38.290194,38.2901,38.28992,38.289806,38.289744,38.289671,38.289592,38.289529,38.289438,38.28932,38.289229,38.289052,38.288889,38.28873,38.288608,38.28854,38.288467,38.288394,38.288349,38.288317,38.288299,38.288289,38.288275,38.288293,38.288333,38.28845,38.288586,38.288729,38.289009,38.289248,38.289269,38.289298,38.289187,38.289166,38.289133,38.289057,38.289014,38.288982,38.288927,38.288833,38.288695,38.288584,38.288536,38.288483,38.288435,38.288329,38.288234,38.288069,38.287985,38.287879,38.287783,38.28767,38.28755,38.287423,38.287223,38.287101,38.286983,38.286905,38.286856,38.286821,38.286753,38.286684,38.286577,38.286488,38.286371,38.286164,38.285885,38.285709,38.285493,38.285243,38.285063,38.284773,38.2845,38.28426,38.283954,38.283598,38.283101,38.282695,38.282149,38.281942,38.281751,38.281594,38.28142,38.281263,38.281075,38.280798,38.280556,38.279982,38.279696,38.279663,38.279585,38.279131,38.278729,38.2785,38.278396,38.278142,38.277969,38.277913,38.277732,38.277589,38.277463,38.277429,38.27742,38.277417,38.277413,38.277478,38.27749,38.277487,38.277446,38.277403,38.277353,38.277297,38.277244,38.277131,38.277047,38.276982,38.276939,38.27691,38.276891,38.276876,38.276872,38.276879,38.276891,38.276895,38.276937,38.276969,38.277022,38.277118,38.277342,38.277487,38.277557,38.277583,38.27764,38.277772,38.277964,38.278109,38.278267,38.278341,38.278446,38.278819,38.278947,38.279203,38.279586,38.279869,38.280015,38.280125,38.280189,38.28028,38.280343,38.28037,38.280379,38.28037,38.280324,38.280278,38.280185,38.280136,38.280094,38.280071,38.280003,38.279482,38.279307,38.278857,38.278686,38.278622,38.27841,38.278348,38.278167,38.277938,38.277789,38.277447,38.276449,38.275754,38.274816,38.274592,38.274393,38.274133,38.273949,38.273731,38.273496,38.272914,38.272444,38.271816,38.270193,38.269807,38.269405,38.268835,38.268419,38.267927,38.267697,38.267311,38.265534,38.264489,38.26392,38.262487,38.262548,38.262557,38.262553,38.262692,38.262742,38.262904,38.262957,38.262959,38.262963,38.262935,38.262938,38.262957,38.262997,38.263053,38.263122,38.263203,38.263426,38.263704,38.264131,38.264284,38.264502,38.264571,38.264648,38.264714,38.26491,38.265042,38.265121,38.265191,38.265264,38.265358,38.26546,38.265537,38.265618,38.265679,38.265733,38.265792,38.265841,38.265876,38.265897,38.265916,38.265924,38.265963,38.265992,38.265989,38.26597,38.265935,38.265888,38.26584,38.265398,38.265349,38.265292,38.265265,38.265262,38.26526,38.265322,38.265331,38.26533,38.265323,38.265301,38.265274,38.265239,38.265228,38.265153,38.264913,38.264711,38.264521,38.264334,38.264187,38.264022,38.263988,38.263967,38.26396,38.26397,38.264021,38.264083,38.264083,38.264064,38.264001,38.263896,38.263803,38.263742,38.263597,38.263507,38.263401,38.263321,38.263241,38.263072,38.262987,38.262902,38.2628,38.262714,38.262393,38.262044,38.261651,38.261545,38.261444,38.261387,38.260968,38.260769,38.260608,38.260463,38.260324,38.260194,38.260079,38.260005,38.259917,38.259695,38.259496,38.259346,38.259216,38.259149,38.259088,38.259071,38.259061,38.259067,38.259113,38.259243,38.259422,38.259554,38.259628,38.259756,38.259795,38.259861,38.259896,38.259918,38.25998,38.259992,38.259995,38.259972,38.259939,38.2599,38.259862,38.259763,38.259605,38.259525,38.25943,38.259382,38.259325,38.259244,38.259001,38.258753,38.258669,38.258501,38.258336,38.258258,38.257667,38.257434,38.257402,38.25735,38.257239,38.257197,38.257021,38.256837,38.256747,38.256706,38.256686,38.256668,38.256661,38.256674,38.256707,38.256725,38.256751,38.256753,38.256747,38.256731,38.256699,38.256663,38.256637,38.256606,38.256523,38.256396,38.256263,38.256105,38.255855,38.255331,38.255105,38.254833,38.254589,38.25435,38.254097,38.253559,38.252832,38.252727,38.252687,38.252607,38.252492,38.252448,38.252435,38.25237,38.25231,38.252262,38.252228,38.252203,38.252189,38.252155,38.252614,38.252936,38.253218,38.253534,38.253732,38.253983,38.254211,38.254485,38.254662,38.254917,38.255625,38.259098,38.259351,38.260004,38.260271,38.26038,38.260615,38.260866,38.261183,38.261486,38.261742,38.26182,38.262099,38.262402,38.262567,38.262873,38.263077,38.263554,38.265872,38.266696,38.267956,38.269019,38.270326,38.272131,38.272652,38.273109,38.273392,38.273599,38.273917,38.274294,38.274656,38.274888,38.275059,38.275466,38.275808,38.276073,38.27616,38.276276,38.276399,38.276722,38.276822,38.277037,38.277347,38.277638,38.277715,38.278153,38.280661,38.281938,38.282455,38.282862,38.282957,38.283218,38.283326,38.283589,38.283613,38.284023,38.284256,38.284576,38.28492,38.285121,38.28529,38.285552,38.285835,38.285979,38.286063,38.286126,38.286352,38.286471,38.286595,38.287032,38.287178,38.287306,38.287513,38.287536,38.287767,38.287905,38.288148,38.288393,38.288688,38.289007,38.28904,38.289369,38.289533,38.289697,38.29033,38.291102,38.291342,38.291386,38.291532,38.292479,38.292694,38.292904,38.29365,38.293745,38.294014,38.294276,38.295001,38.295395,38.297001,38.297161,38.297495,38.297792,38.297926,38.298067,38.298273,38.298395,38.298588,38.298745,38.298847,38.299097,38.299259,38.299447,38.299594,38.299886,38.300122,38.30031,38.300675,38.300712,38.302022,38.302356,38.302621,38.303801,38.303893,38.303985,38.304191,38.30452,38.304769,38.305147,38.305384,38.306511,38.307196,38.30782,38.308552,38.309009,38.30938,38.31049,38.310782,38.311022,38.311449,38.311723,38.312166,38.312486,38.312707,38.312717,38.312926,38.313003,38.313295,38.313664,38.313848,38.314047,38.314171,38.31441,38.314595,38.314854,38.314962,38.315069,38.316227,38.31649,38.316548,38.316666,38.316962,38.317138,38.317333,38.317568,38.317763,38.317919,38.318245,38.318567,38.318964,38.319452,38.319808,38.319966,38.320127,38.320288,38.320449,38.320609,38.320763,38.320881,38.321022,38.321129,38.321333,38.321516,38.321718,38.321871,38.32203,38.322241,38.322456,38.322638,38.322865,38.322995,38.323319,38.323473,38.323627,38.323767,38.323897,38.324021,38.324154,38.324254,38.324327,38.324455,38.324565,38.324684,38.324799,38.324954,38.325115,38.325604,38.325803,38.326036,38.326192,38.326308,38.326416,38.326497,38.327003,38.327113,38.327215,38.327333,38.32742,38.327498,38.327567,38.327631,38.327641,38.32768,38.327745,38.327796,38.327822,38.328249,38.328362,38.328408,38.328512,38.328587,38.328649,38.328756,38.328786,38.328855,38.328949,38.329164,38.329359,38.329563,38.329804,38.329963,38.330029,38.330128,38.330421,38.33056,38.330713,38.331133,38.331243,38.331335,38.331418,38.331483,38.331525,38.331636,38.33169,38.331721,38.331739,38.331781,38.331811,38.331871,38.331937,38.332034,38.33213,38.332238,38.332433,38.33299,38.333414,38.333727,38.333808,38.333955,38.334271,38.334517,38.334875,38.335001,38.335253,38.33571,38.335793,38.336009,38.336271,38.336476,38.336728,38.337,38.337326,38.337456,38.337562,38.337648,38.337843,38.338134,38.338303,38.338361,38.338672,38.338971,38.339144,38.339776,38.340082,38.340163,38.340451,38.340633,38.340757,38.341388,38.341508,38.341883,38.342052,38.342236,38.342534,38.342911,38.343428,38.343666,38.343789,38.343933,38.344066,38.344169,38.344291,38.344839,38.34502,38.345057,38.345392,38.345636,38.345897,38.34597,38.346073,38.346459,38.346593,38.346664,38.346742,38.346807,38.346859,38.346891,38.346919,38.346931,38.346929,38.346916,38.34684,38.346801,38.346766,38.346761,38.346771,38.346796,38.346834,38.346866,38.346911,38.346957,38.347011,38.347071,38.347132,38.347217,38.347314,38.347399,38.348006,38.348077,38.348137,38.348186,38.348222,38.348245,38.348245,38.348233,38.348227,38.348189,38.348152,38.348096,38.347882,38.347598,38.347551,38.347481,38.347424,38.347381,38.347357,38.347339,38.34734,38.347357,38.347382,38.347429,38.347463,38.347511,38.347662,38.347727,38.347828,38.348007,38.348099,38.348223,38.348357,38.348574,38.348725,38.348915,38.349037,38.349126,38.349246,38.349405,38.35048,38.35058,38.350669,38.350789,38.350892,38.351028,38.351583,38.35191,38.352515,38.353296,38.353487,38.353592,38.353767,38.353916,38.354068,38.354221,38.354371,38.354491,38.354638,38.355033,38.355638,38.355706,38.355975,38.356127,38.356218,38.356368,38.3565,38.356632,38.356762,38.356863,38.357001,38.357076,38.357163,38.357242,38.357283,38.357319,38.357339,38.357349,38.357347,38.35733,38.3573,38.357267,38.357216,38.357168,38.357115,38.356765,38.356555,38.356485,38.356405,38.356335,38.356275,38.356227,38.356192,38.356132,38.35611,38.35608,38.356031,38.355969,38.355896,38.355765,38.355712,38.355666,38.35562,38.355587,38.355567,38.355561,38.355562,38.35558,38.35561,38.355617,38.355612,38.355598,38.355568,38.355513,38.355395,38.355383,38.355385,38.355402,38.355426,38.355477,38.355536,38.355619,38.355713,38.355816,38.356139,38.356306,38.356432,38.35658,38.356716,38.356834,38.356886,38.356909,38.356933]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F89106","#CAAF34","#F89106","#F89106"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $67,061<br>Census Tract: 301.02<br>Area Name: Monroe","Median family income: $103,679<br>Census Tract: 302.01<br>Area Name: Midway","Median family income: $70,689<br>Census Tract: 302.02<br>Area Name: Ruckersville","Median family income: $61,930<br>Census Tract: 301.01<br>Area Name: Stanardsville"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[38.184146,38.475527],"lng":[-78.663145,-78.288474]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The Stanardsville tract has the lowest median family incomes at
\$61,930. By contrast, the Midway tract has the highest median family
income at \$103,679.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. Similar
to the other counties, in Greene County, the tract with the lowest
median family income also has the highest percentage of families making
less than \$35,000.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Greene County

<div id="htmlwidget-45f9578e86eb100c18a2" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-45f9578e86eb100c18a2">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.6626,-78.662406,-78.662128,-78.661878,-78.661629,-78.661268,-78.660698,-78.660169,-78.659534,-78.65928,-78.659073,-78.658768,-78.658448,-78.658339,-78.658452,-78.6583,-78.657938,-78.657239,-78.656961,-78.656836,-78.656475,-78.656061,-78.655616,-78.655144,-78.654504,-78.653808,-78.653184,-78.652639,-78.652264,-78.651569,-78.651214,-78.650855,-78.649656,-78.648652,-78.647508,-78.646504,-78.645235,-78.644386,-78.643508,-78.642489,-78.642452,-78.642031,-78.641652,-78.640969,-78.640243,-78.639212,-78.637958,-78.637038,-78.636701,-78.636189,-78.635576,-78.63527,-78.634337,-78.633836,-78.63321,-78.632597,-78.632111,-78.631502,-78.63093,-78.630335,-78.629873,-78.629666,-78.629495,-78.629193,-78.628525,-78.627592,-78.626422,-78.625655,-78.624582,-78.623649,-78.622855,-78.622644,-78.622556,-78.622325,-78.621267,-78.620488,-78.619303,-78.618105,-78.616948,-78.615903,-78.615011,-78.614691,-78.614147,-78.613858,-78.613261,-78.613214,-78.612058,-78.611935,-78.610859,-78.60895,-78.606985,-78.605131,-78.60378,-78.603447,-78.602721,-78.602248,-78.602263,-78.602292,-78.602213,-78.602162,-78.602068,-78.601976,-78.601713,-78.601045,-78.600641,-78.600307,-78.599025,-78.597715,-78.596573,-78.595529,-78.595418,-78.595392,-78.594333,-78.593803,-78.592772,-78.592239,-78.591685,-78.591013,-78.590752,-78.589972,-78.58954,-78.588565,-78.588482,-78.587506,-78.585248,-78.583589,-78.582432,-78.581302,-78.580773,-78.579813,-78.578711,-78.576746,-78.575505,-78.575287,-78.574442,-78.574375,-78.574004,-78.573204,-78.572897,-78.57174,-78.570094,-78.568431,-78.568146,-78.567232,-78.566452,-78.565438,-78.565119,-78.564965,-78.564714,-78.563637,-78.561841,-78.560308,-78.559822,-78.559081,-78.558231,-78.557004,-78.555819,-78.555373,-78.555011,-78.55395,-78.553143,-78.55253,-78.551987,-78.551583,-78.551778,-78.551994,-78.552295,-78.5527,-78.552729,-78.552702,-78.552671,-78.552661,-78.552701,-78.552773,-78.553025,-78.553067,-78.553291,-78.55364,-78.553766,-78.553822,-78.553809,-78.553112,-78.551997,-78.550812,-78.549654,-78.549508,-78.54826,-78.547298,-78.546866,-78.546657,-78.546602,-78.54631,-78.54571,-78.54541,-78.545351,-78.545304,-78.545199,-78.544986,-78.544771,-78.54457,-78.544429,-78.544267,-78.544005,-78.5439,-78.543782,-78.543653,-78.543541,-78.543423,-78.543321,-78.543189,-78.543055,-78.542922,-78.542296,-78.541923,-78.541609,-78.541356,-78.541103,-78.540858,-78.540385,-78.540156,-78.540073,-78.539962,-78.539826,-78.539695,-78.539569,-78.539475,-78.539387,-78.53921,-78.539085,-78.53895,-78.538807,-78.538688,-78.538566,-78.538078,-78.537954,-78.537838,-78.537731,-78.537634,-78.537551,-78.537495,-78.537371,-78.537193,-78.537154,-78.537105,-78.537032,-78.536967,-78.536877,-78.536782,-78.536684,-78.536598,-78.536514,-78.536428,-78.536361,-78.536271,-78.536196,-78.536147,-78.536075,-78.536034,-78.535998,-78.53598,-78.53598,-78.535997,-78.536016,-78.536073,-78.536198,-78.536237,-78.536539,-78.536714,-78.536757,-78.536779,-78.536789,-78.536783,-78.536758,-78.536716,-78.536643,-78.536582,-78.536455,-78.535837,-78.535396,-78.535171,-78.53476,-78.534637,-78.534529,-78.534381,-78.534254,-78.534085,-78.531905,-78.531582,-78.531367,-78.531224,-78.531056,-78.530832,-78.530678,-78.530487,-78.530347,-78.530193,-78.53006,-78.529735,-78.529535,-78.5294,-78.529046,-78.528889,-78.528726,-78.528353,-78.528077,-78.527732,-78.527559,-78.527387,-78.527252,-78.527087,-78.526929,-78.52678,-78.526695,-78.526288,-78.525993,-78.52589,-78.5258,-78.525658,-78.525606,-78.525509,-78.525409,-78.525288,-78.525172,-78.525064,-78.524966,-78.52488,-78.524265,-78.524162,-78.524023,-78.523871,-78.523737,-78.523578,-78.523399,-78.52321,-78.52297,-78.522726,-78.522389,-78.522049,-78.521709,-78.521529,-78.520972,-78.520527,-78.519781,-78.519569,-78.519305,-78.51904,-78.518816,-78.518639,-78.518422,-78.51821,-78.518006,-78.517849,-78.517598,-78.516935,-78.516725,-78.516551,-78.51586,-78.515182,-78.514274,-78.514173,-78.51366,-78.512179,-78.51189,-78.51167,-78.511422,-78.511185,-78.511003,-78.510705,-78.510122,-78.509698,-78.50935,-78.509146,-78.508958,-78.50853,-78.508387,-78.507698,-78.507554,-78.507375,-78.507127,-78.507063,-78.506849,-78.506446,-78.506332,-78.506115,-78.505866,-78.505817,-78.505673,-78.505402,-78.505198,-78.505105,-78.504989,-78.504837,-78.504453,-78.50414,-78.503842,-78.503595,-78.503262,-78.50296,-78.502836,-78.502103,-78.501692,-78.501479,-78.500901,-78.500481,-78.499987,-78.499747,-78.499614,-78.499101,-78.498404,-78.497503,-78.497151,-78.496929,-78.496697,-78.496423,-78.496192,-78.495908,-78.495715,-78.495327,-78.495094,-78.494765,-78.494188,-78.493283,-78.493046,-78.492754,-78.49245,-78.492138,-78.491823,-78.490785,-78.490425,-78.490098,-78.489396,-78.48914,-78.48899,-78.488618,-78.488018,-78.487534,-78.487042,-78.486421,-78.48611,-78.485857,-78.485745,-78.485296,-78.485013,-78.484627,-78.48416,-78.483922,-78.483418,-78.481373,-78.48125,-78.481039,-78.480741,-78.480557,-78.480523,-78.480307,-78.480112,-78.479943,-78.479781,-78.479588,-78.479441,-78.479303,-78.478603,-78.478514,-78.478416,-78.478333,-78.47825,-78.478159,-78.478098,-78.477963,-78.477893,-78.477807,-78.477725,-78.477612,-78.477484,-78.47731,-78.477227,-78.477136,-78.477041,-78.476973,-78.476923,-78.476888,-78.476867,-78.476864,-78.476897,-78.476916,-78.476921,-78.476911,-78.476859,-78.476787,-78.476715,-78.47663,-78.476492,-78.476368,-78.476238,-78.476151,-78.476057,-78.475996,-78.475933,-78.475889,-78.475865,-78.475861,-78.475876,-78.47591,-78.476021,-78.476187,-78.476331,-78.476426,-78.476502,-78.476525,-78.476539,-78.476532,-78.476506,-78.476468,-78.476383,-78.476343,-78.476322,-78.476234,-78.475842,-78.475796,-78.475749,-78.475613,-78.475499,-78.475312,-78.475206,-78.475008,-78.474806,-78.474383,-78.474074,-78.474006,-78.473834,-78.473826,-78.473665,-78.473456,-78.473178,-78.473012,-78.472721,-78.472535,-78.472284,-78.471263,-78.470922,-78.470502,-78.469822,-78.469238,-78.468604,-78.467562,-78.467348,-78.467093,-78.466948,-78.466735,-78.466587,-78.466513,-78.466438,-78.465402,-78.465169,-78.464868,-78.463712,-78.463677,-78.463279,-78.463074,-78.462789,-78.462384,-78.462165,-78.461865,-78.461562,-78.461063,-78.460839,-78.460459,-78.459917,-78.459505,-78.458748,-78.458328,-78.457961,-78.457261,-78.456476,-78.456099,-78.452337,-78.451414,-78.44972,-78.449119,-78.448489,-78.448244,-78.446485,-78.445976,-78.445491,-78.443281,-78.442961,-78.442865,-78.442307,-78.440479,-78.438995,-78.438596,-78.438196,-78.437346,-78.43726,-78.436376,-78.4355,-78.434726,-78.43392,-78.433434,-78.432568,-78.432476,-78.43164,-78.431087,-78.430417,-78.428243,-78.427702,-78.427219,-78.426418,-78.426215,-78.425942,-78.425501,-78.424727,-78.424075,-78.423685,-78.423242,-78.422545,-78.421953,-78.421543,-78.420873,-78.420834,-78.420438,-78.420283,-78.419922,-78.419791,-78.419263,-78.41864,-78.41715,-78.414224,-78.413719,-78.413637,-78.413324,-78.413016,-78.412817,-78.412725,-78.412451,-78.412355,-78.412263,-78.412195,-78.412003,-78.411774,-78.411526,-78.411433,-78.411307,-78.411134,-78.410973,-78.410851,-78.410778,-78.410689,-78.410565,-78.410432,-78.409971,-78.409637,-78.40936,-78.409035,-78.40882,-78.408232,-78.408096,-78.408033,-78.407926,-78.407861,-78.407729,-78.407589,-78.407544,-78.407396,-78.407206,-78.406978,-78.406786,-78.40659,-78.406493,-78.40624,-78.405542,-78.40526,-78.401424,-78.400656,-78.400407,-78.400253,-78.40004,-78.399883,-78.399732,-78.399627,-78.399487,-78.399384,-78.39929,-78.399184,-78.399102,-78.399011,-78.398959,-78.398815,-78.398638,-78.398421,-78.398505,-78.398648,-78.398692,-78.398803,-78.398913,-78.399902,-78.400194,-78.400423,-78.400918,-78.401126,-78.401528,-78.401949,-78.402156,-78.402319,-78.402613,-78.402748,-78.403026,-78.403206,-78.404098,-78.404344,-78.404537,-78.404929,-78.405225,-78.405371,-78.405617,-78.405867,-78.406242,-78.406617,-78.406755,-78.406984,-78.40721,-78.407431,-78.40772,-78.408091,-78.408286,-78.408721,-78.408984,-78.409356,-78.409587,-78.409824,-78.410376,-78.41097,-78.411067,-78.411332,-78.411664,-78.411866,-78.412074,-78.412283,-78.412535,-78.412748,-78.412959,-78.413576,-78.413813,-78.414034,-78.4143,-78.415083,-78.415497,-78.415852,-78.416235,-78.416908,-78.417454,-78.417829,-78.41819,-78.418451,-78.418725,-78.418968,-78.419207,-78.419333,-78.419529,-78.419709,-78.419935,-78.420099,-78.420158,-78.420252,-78.420393,-78.420794,-78.42094,-78.421135,-78.421362,-78.421981,-78.422086,-78.422178,-78.42236,-78.42261,-78.422674,-78.422857,-78.422985,-78.423094,-78.423216,-78.42332,-78.423428,-78.42357,-78.423716,-78.424206,-78.424485,-78.424827,-78.425655,-78.426502,-78.426764,-78.426873,-78.427055,-78.42719,-78.427354,-78.42751,-78.428329,-78.42882,-78.428961,-78.429071,-78.429168,-78.429368,-78.430172,-78.431709,-78.431869,-78.431933,-78.431983,-78.43206,-78.43226,-78.432466,-78.432866,-78.433393,-78.434583,-78.434851,-78.43512,-78.435302,-78.435484,-78.43585,-78.43677,-78.437007,-78.437285,-78.437704,-78.438635,-78.439116,-78.439297,-78.439516,-78.439774,-78.439868,-78.440043,-78.440144,-78.440277,-78.440389,-78.440558,-78.440708,-78.440918,-78.441084,-78.441293,-78.441489,-78.441967,-78.442078,-78.442193,-78.442327,-78.442462,-78.442651,-78.442722,-78.442822,-78.442971,-78.443098,-78.443219,-78.443418,-78.443863,-78.444391,-78.444743,-78.444871,-78.444906,-78.445004,-78.445087,-78.445151,-78.445213,-78.445318,-78.445396,-78.44546,-78.445498,-78.445558,-78.44561,-78.445623,-78.445716,-78.445852,-78.445961,-78.446498,-78.446884,-78.447135,-78.447322,-78.44747,-78.447629,-78.447799,-78.447907,-78.4481,-78.448318,-78.448492,-78.448716,-78.448805,-78.448874,-78.44897,-78.448999,-78.449194,-78.449302,-78.449491,-78.44975,-78.449839,-78.44991,-78.450071,-78.450388,-78.45118,-78.451529,-78.451762,-78.451945,-78.452171,-78.452399,-78.45264,-78.452887,-78.453401,-78.453888,-78.454216,-78.454707,-78.454942,-78.455261,-78.456391,-78.456875,-78.457238,-78.457692,-78.457973,-78.45807,-78.458189,-78.458282,-78.458393,-78.458505,-78.458618,-78.458922,-78.459075,-78.459627,-78.459847,-78.460085,-78.460257,-78.460409,-78.460565,-78.46078,-78.461076,-78.461524,-78.461707,-78.462011,-78.462385,-78.462758,-78.463301,-78.463563,-78.463761,-78.464046,-78.464329,-78.464877,-78.466103,-78.467068,-78.467435,-78.467661,-78.467793,-78.468405,-78.468754,-78.469026,-78.469417,-78.46966,-78.47011,-78.470432,-78.47063,-78.470727,-78.471248,-78.471888,-78.472814,-78.472925,-78.473222,-78.473422,-78.47368,-78.473757,-78.474553,-78.475554,-78.475677,-78.476125,-78.476556,-78.476781,-78.476992,-78.47712,-78.477348,-78.4779,-78.478029,-78.478199,-78.478295,-78.478819,-78.47895,-78.479039,-78.47912,-78.479187,-78.479542,-78.479631,-78.47975,-78.479944,-78.479971,-78.480009,-78.480084,-78.480116,-78.480169,-78.480186,-78.480245,-78.480287,-78.480314,-78.480366,-78.480423,-78.480463,-78.480539,-78.480619,-78.480667,-78.480749,-78.481028,-78.481174,-78.48132,-78.481466,-78.481569,-78.481715,-78.48195,-78.482229,-78.482954,-78.483128,-78.483314,-78.484139,-78.484386,-78.484633,-78.484997,-78.485103,-78.485223,-78.485481,-78.485638,-78.485684,-78.485773,-78.485879,-78.485897,-78.48595,-78.485982,-78.486026,-78.486052,-78.486085,-78.486102,-78.486117,-78.486123,-78.486127,-78.486127,-78.486123,-78.486117,-78.486108,-78.486081,-78.486065,-78.48572,-78.48559,-78.485539,-78.485494,-78.485456,-78.485433,-78.48543,-78.48544,-78.485525,-78.485527,-78.485515,-78.485477,-78.485424,-78.485382,-78.485352,-78.485318,-78.485288,-78.485158,-78.485053,-78.484969,-78.484523,-78.484335,-78.4837,-78.483199,-78.483124,-78.483031,-78.482971,-78.482905,-78.482807,-78.482749,-78.482719,-78.482696,-78.48269,-78.482702,-78.482746,-78.482774,-78.482955,-78.48299,-78.482999,-78.483015,-78.48302,-78.483011,-78.482983,-78.482976,-78.482984,-78.483097,-78.483111,-78.483107,-78.483099,-78.483037,-78.483016,-78.482897,-78.482865,-78.48282,-78.482745,-78.482638,-78.482513,-78.482065,-78.481934,-78.481857,-78.4818,-78.481728,-78.481674,-78.481639,-78.481625,-78.481624,-78.481643,-78.481682,-78.481782,-78.481812,-78.48182,-78.481818,-78.481797,-78.481765,-78.481723,-78.481658,-78.481576,-78.481478,-78.481338,-78.481183,-78.481089,-78.480941,-78.480695,-78.480255,-78.479629,-78.479399,-78.479076,-78.478836,-78.478547,-78.478266,-78.47807,-78.477746,-78.477506,-78.477425,-78.477265,-78.476777,-78.476256,-78.476043,-78.475879,-78.475722,-78.475533,-78.475341,-78.475207,-78.475163,-78.475061,-78.474772,-78.474293,-78.473909,-78.473176,-78.473051,-78.472901,-78.472604,-78.472356,-78.472121,-78.471939,-78.471744,-78.471529,-78.471305,-78.471117,-78.470254,-78.469984,-78.469747,-78.469567,-78.469429,-78.469203,-78.469034,-78.46889,-78.468778,-78.468701,-78.468575,-78.468278,-78.468099,-78.467982,-78.467887,-78.467676,-78.467581,-78.467216,-78.466873,-78.466669,-78.466137,-78.466007,-78.465904,-78.465828,-78.465767,-78.465712,-78.465662,-78.465642,-78.465626,-78.46563,-78.465645,-78.465668,-78.465726,-78.465836,-78.465857,-78.46589,-78.465903,-78.46589,-78.465858,-78.465811,-78.465738,-78.465519,-78.465472,-78.465451,-78.465449,-78.467572,-78.467919,-78.471796,-78.472261,-78.474119,-78.481371,-78.48394,-78.488745,-78.491678,-78.499909,-78.500368,-78.504016,-78.509716,-78.514855,-78.517624,-78.517778,-78.518031,-78.518231,-78.518577,-78.519084,-78.519567,-78.519692,-78.519824,-78.520098,-78.520365,-78.520561,-78.520962,-78.521648,-78.521818,-78.522374,-78.522545,-78.522709,-78.522902,-78.523012,-78.523159,-78.523282,-78.52341,-78.523936,-78.524629,-78.52488,-78.524995,-78.534755,-78.537527,-78.538553,-78.538791,-78.541978,-78.542088,-78.542325,-78.543685,-78.544122,-78.545032,-78.546192,-78.549476,-78.550669,-78.550959,-78.551723,-78.554501,-78.55544,-78.555711,-78.556015,-78.556103,-78.556322,-78.556454,-78.556708,-78.558639,-78.559997,-78.560217,-78.560351,-78.560515,-78.562801,-78.565471,-78.565855,-78.56805,-78.56832,-78.570438,-78.570534,-78.573129,-78.574797,-78.57511,-78.575172,-78.576176,-78.577427,-78.578244,-78.578686,-78.579986,-78.580709,-78.580825,-78.581223,-78.581568,-78.582533,-78.583632,-78.584932,-78.584986,-78.585394,-78.586098,-78.593696,-78.596734,-78.606539,-78.617335,-78.620785,-78.62477,-78.636279,-78.637236,-78.64755,-78.64935,-78.649898,-78.6541,-78.655638,-78.660394,-78.660583,-78.663145,-78.6626],"lat":[38.277857,38.278121,38.278572,38.279132,38.279704,38.280376,38.28099,38.281574,38.282289,38.282859,38.283518,38.284178,38.284738,38.285322,38.285969,38.28654,38.28696,38.28768,38.287936,38.288054,38.288444,38.288895,38.289445,38.290158,38.290785,38.291182,38.291536,38.292106,38.292569,38.293184,38.293463,38.293481,38.293307,38.29287,38.292453,38.292445,38.292447,38.292491,38.292338,38.291888,38.291872,38.29169,38.291527,38.290989,38.290704,38.290662,38.290762,38.291016,38.291138,38.291326,38.291531,38.291633,38.292029,38.292436,38.293098,38.293657,38.294362,38.295445,38.296317,38.297106,38.297857,38.298692,38.298953,38.299428,38.300023,38.300386,38.300772,38.300927,38.301136,38.301357,38.301588,38.30165,38.301675,38.301743,38.302326,38.303019,38.303416,38.303571,38.303704,38.303869,38.304035,38.304125,38.304278,38.304393,38.304633,38.304652,38.305016,38.305048,38.305335,38.305765,38.306042,38.306252,38.306484,38.306617,38.306891,38.307485,38.30832,38.309187,38.309965,38.310485,38.311438,38.312471,38.313538,38.314681,38.315155,38.315549,38.316154,38.316496,38.317079,38.318068,38.318925,38.3201,38.320727,38.320813,38.320981,38.32123,38.321487,38.32208,38.322312,38.323191,38.323444,38.324174,38.324236,38.32483,38.325315,38.325547,38.325558,38.325625,38.326131,38.327504,38.327965,38.328242,38.328417,38.328435,38.328501,38.328506,38.328475,38.328408,38.328326,38.328013,38.327884,38.328073,38.328112,38.328236,38.32849,38.328996,38.329583,38.330062,38.330644,38.330929,38.330992,38.331064,38.331066,38.331064,38.331351,38.331977,38.332846,38.333203,38.333493,38.334209,38.334824,38.33545,38.335947,38.336318,38.33701,38.3373,38.337702,38.338625,38.339855,38.341228,38.342214,38.342513,38.342965,38.343732,38.344731,38.344893,38.345764,38.346719,38.347401,38.347708,38.348499,38.349312,38.349949,38.350598,38.351148,38.351223,38.351884,38.352324,38.352906,38.353936,38.354224,38.355444,38.356487,38.356933,38.356909,38.356886,38.356834,38.356716,38.35658,38.356432,38.356306,38.356139,38.355816,38.355713,38.355619,38.355536,38.355477,38.355426,38.355402,38.355385,38.355383,38.355395,38.355513,38.355568,38.355598,38.355612,38.355617,38.35561,38.35558,38.355562,38.355561,38.355567,38.355587,38.35562,38.355666,38.355712,38.355765,38.355896,38.355969,38.356031,38.35608,38.35611,38.356132,38.356192,38.356227,38.356275,38.356335,38.356405,38.356485,38.356555,38.356765,38.357115,38.357168,38.357216,38.357267,38.3573,38.35733,38.357347,38.357349,38.357339,38.357319,38.357283,38.357242,38.357163,38.357076,38.357001,38.356863,38.356762,38.356632,38.3565,38.356368,38.356218,38.356127,38.355975,38.355706,38.355638,38.355033,38.354638,38.354491,38.354371,38.354221,38.354068,38.353916,38.353767,38.353592,38.353487,38.353296,38.352515,38.35191,38.351583,38.351028,38.350892,38.350789,38.350669,38.35058,38.35048,38.349405,38.349246,38.349126,38.349037,38.348915,38.348725,38.348574,38.348357,38.348223,38.348099,38.348007,38.347828,38.347727,38.347662,38.347511,38.347463,38.347429,38.347382,38.347357,38.34734,38.347339,38.347357,38.347381,38.347424,38.347481,38.347551,38.347598,38.347882,38.348096,38.348152,38.348189,38.348227,38.348233,38.348245,38.348245,38.348222,38.348186,38.348137,38.348077,38.348006,38.347399,38.347314,38.347217,38.347132,38.347071,38.347011,38.346957,38.346911,38.346866,38.346834,38.346796,38.346771,38.346761,38.346766,38.346801,38.34684,38.346916,38.346929,38.346931,38.346919,38.346891,38.346859,38.346807,38.346742,38.346664,38.346593,38.346459,38.346073,38.34597,38.345897,38.345636,38.345392,38.345057,38.34502,38.344839,38.344291,38.344169,38.344066,38.343933,38.343789,38.343666,38.343428,38.342911,38.342534,38.342236,38.342052,38.341883,38.341508,38.341388,38.340757,38.340633,38.340451,38.340163,38.340082,38.339776,38.339144,38.338971,38.338672,38.338361,38.338303,38.338134,38.337843,38.337648,38.337562,38.337456,38.337326,38.337,38.336728,38.336476,38.336271,38.336009,38.335793,38.33571,38.335253,38.335001,38.334875,38.334517,38.334271,38.333955,38.333808,38.333727,38.333414,38.33299,38.332433,38.332238,38.33213,38.332034,38.331937,38.331871,38.331811,38.331781,38.331739,38.331721,38.33169,38.331636,38.331525,38.331483,38.331418,38.331335,38.331243,38.331133,38.330713,38.33056,38.330421,38.330128,38.330029,38.329963,38.329804,38.329563,38.329359,38.329164,38.328949,38.328855,38.328786,38.328756,38.328649,38.328587,38.328512,38.328408,38.328362,38.328249,38.327822,38.327796,38.327745,38.32768,38.327641,38.327631,38.327567,38.327498,38.32742,38.327333,38.327215,38.327113,38.327003,38.326497,38.326416,38.326308,38.326192,38.326036,38.325803,38.325604,38.325115,38.324954,38.324799,38.324684,38.324565,38.324455,38.324327,38.324254,38.324154,38.324021,38.323897,38.323767,38.323627,38.323473,38.323319,38.322995,38.322865,38.322638,38.322456,38.322241,38.32203,38.321871,38.321718,38.321516,38.321333,38.321129,38.321022,38.320881,38.320763,38.320609,38.320449,38.320288,38.320127,38.319966,38.319808,38.319452,38.318964,38.318567,38.318245,38.317919,38.317763,38.317568,38.317333,38.317138,38.316962,38.316666,38.316548,38.31649,38.316227,38.315069,38.314962,38.314854,38.314595,38.31441,38.314171,38.314047,38.313848,38.313664,38.313295,38.313003,38.312926,38.312717,38.312707,38.312486,38.312166,38.311723,38.311449,38.311022,38.310782,38.31049,38.30938,38.309009,38.308552,38.30782,38.307196,38.306511,38.305384,38.305147,38.304769,38.30452,38.304191,38.303985,38.303893,38.303801,38.302621,38.302356,38.302022,38.300712,38.300675,38.30031,38.300122,38.299886,38.299594,38.299447,38.299259,38.299097,38.298847,38.298745,38.298588,38.298395,38.298273,38.298067,38.297926,38.297792,38.297495,38.297161,38.297001,38.295395,38.295001,38.294276,38.294014,38.293745,38.29365,38.292904,38.292694,38.292479,38.291532,38.291386,38.291342,38.291102,38.29033,38.289697,38.289533,38.289369,38.28904,38.289007,38.288688,38.288393,38.288148,38.287905,38.287767,38.287536,38.287513,38.287306,38.287178,38.287032,38.286595,38.286471,38.286352,38.286126,38.286063,38.285979,38.285835,38.285552,38.28529,38.285121,38.28492,38.284576,38.284256,38.284023,38.283613,38.283589,38.283326,38.283218,38.282957,38.282862,38.282455,38.281938,38.280661,38.278153,38.277715,38.277638,38.277347,38.277037,38.276822,38.276722,38.276399,38.276276,38.27616,38.276073,38.275808,38.275466,38.275059,38.274888,38.274656,38.274294,38.273917,38.273599,38.273392,38.273109,38.272652,38.272131,38.270326,38.269019,38.267956,38.266696,38.265872,38.263554,38.263077,38.262873,38.262567,38.262402,38.262099,38.26182,38.261742,38.261486,38.261183,38.260866,38.260615,38.26038,38.260271,38.260004,38.259351,38.259098,38.255625,38.254917,38.254662,38.254485,38.254211,38.253983,38.253732,38.253534,38.253218,38.252936,38.252614,38.252155,38.251853,38.251587,38.251464,38.251161,38.250833,38.250508,38.250474,38.250433,38.250427,38.250422,38.250431,38.250629,38.250668,38.250685,38.25069,38.250687,38.250679,38.250698,38.250723,38.250753,38.250826,38.25086,38.250924,38.250957,38.251078,38.251124,38.251172,38.251292,38.251385,38.251416,38.251457,38.251484,38.251502,38.251505,38.251496,38.25147,38.25143,38.251376,38.251291,38.251155,38.251074,38.250892,38.250781,38.250636,38.250558,38.250494,38.25039,38.250258,38.250237,38.250186,38.250129,38.250097,38.25007,38.250052,38.250043,38.250049,38.250068,38.25017,38.250202,38.250215,38.250212,38.250153,38.250138,38.25014,38.250161,38.250218,38.250251,38.250264,38.250265,38.250257,38.25024,38.250211,38.250167,38.250134,38.250072,38.250004,38.249903,38.249815,38.249779,38.249715,38.249604,38.249203,38.249068,38.248908,38.248749,38.248384,38.248312,38.248245,38.248095,38.247839,38.247766,38.247563,38.247436,38.247348,38.247273,38.247224,38.247186,38.24715,38.247129,38.247123,38.247122,38.247115,38.247072,38.247024,38.247012,38.247015,38.24703,38.247054,38.247096,38.247152,38.247504,38.247696,38.247756,38.247807,38.247854,38.24796,38.24844,38.249345,38.24943,38.249462,38.249487,38.249518,38.249587,38.249643,38.249718,38.249802,38.249993,38.25002,38.250032,38.250028,38.250017,38.249976,38.249856,38.249815,38.249747,38.249615,38.249301,38.249128,38.249044,38.248928,38.248761,38.2487,38.248607,38.248562,38.248519,38.248495,38.248474,38.248466,38.248471,38.248485,38.24852,38.24857,38.24873,38.248756,38.248769,38.248767,38.248754,38.248728,38.248724,38.248724,38.24874,38.248773,38.248819,38.248927,38.249229,38.249583,38.249831,38.249944,38.24998,38.250097,38.250227,38.250358,38.250547,38.250949,38.251205,38.251358,38.251427,38.251536,38.251611,38.251629,38.251737,38.25187,38.251961,38.25238,38.2527,38.252925,38.25308,38.253189,38.253287,38.253373,38.253419,38.253484,38.253538,38.253568,38.253591,38.253586,38.253571,38.253534,38.253517,38.2534,38.25334,38.253251,38.253152,38.253122,38.253099,38.25305,38.252943,38.252641,38.252519,38.252444,38.252394,38.252352,38.252329,38.252318,38.252309,38.252282,38.252241,38.252197,38.252115,38.252089,38.252074,38.252072,38.252081,38.252099,38.252148,38.252174,38.252176,38.25217,38.252155,38.252123,38.252073,38.252004,38.251767,38.251664,38.251363,38.251221,38.251082,38.251015,38.250974,38.250947,38.250931,38.250924,38.250935,38.250945,38.250974,38.25103,38.25108,38.251134,38.251154,38.251162,38.251174,38.251198,38.251261,38.251423,38.251545,38.251586,38.251607,38.251617,38.251646,38.251667,38.251695,38.251755,38.251799,38.251905,38.251996,38.252064,38.2521,38.252317,38.252581,38.252974,38.253021,38.25315,38.253231,38.25332,38.253343,38.253561,38.253883,38.253918,38.254039,38.254141,38.25421,38.254298,38.254364,38.254499,38.254864,38.254936,38.255013,38.25505,38.255232,38.255291,38.255346,38.255408,38.255468,38.255879,38.255957,38.25582,38.255552,38.255504,38.255438,38.255271,38.255158,38.254573,38.254428,38.25409,38.253936,38.253882,38.253813,38.253766,38.253744,38.25372,38.253711,38.253713,38.253723,38.253774,38.253788,38.253787,38.253771,38.253747,38.253702,38.25362,38.253538,38.253365,38.253308,38.253231,38.252809,38.252663,38.252498,38.252228,38.252156,38.25208,38.251932,38.25185,38.251825,38.251774,38.251709,38.251697,38.251658,38.25163,38.251585,38.251553,38.251504,38.251472,38.251426,38.251396,38.251365,38.251318,38.251287,38.251256,38.251226,38.251168,38.251146,38.250774,38.250628,38.250555,38.250472,38.250368,38.25025,38.250137,38.249973,38.249073,38.248916,38.24875,38.248531,38.248344,38.248236,38.24816,38.248088,38.248043,38.247871,38.247753,38.247669,38.247258,38.247079,38.246472,38.246001,38.245914,38.245776,38.245653,38.245474,38.245185,38.24499,38.244879,38.244735,38.244591,38.244447,38.24427,38.244189,38.243738,38.243621,38.243565,38.243473,38.243301,38.243093,38.242833,38.242707,38.24255,38.241892,38.241708,38.241547,38.241189,38.240678,38.240512,38.239203,38.239042,38.238897,38.238719,38.238518,38.238323,38.23769,38.237473,38.237327,38.237205,38.237,38.236805,38.2366,38.236435,38.236278,38.236094,38.235873,38.235395,38.235201,38.235062,38.234939,38.234748,38.234589,38.234444,38.23428,38.234122,38.233969,38.233794,38.233628,38.233539,38.233412,38.233226,38.232908,38.232469,38.232309,38.232095,38.23195,38.231791,38.231649,38.231549,38.231405,38.231304,38.231271,38.231203,38.230998,38.230767,38.230654,38.230556,38.230451,38.230307,38.230136,38.229993,38.229946,38.229819,38.229435,38.228777,38.228262,38.227252,38.227085,38.226872,38.22647,38.226133,38.225858,38.225675,38.225501,38.225329,38.225168,38.225046,38.224546,38.22438,38.224216,38.224077,38.223952,38.223722,38.223503,38.22329,38.22309,38.222926,38.22263,38.221855,38.221437,38.221205,38.221034,38.220717,38.220587,38.220095,38.219647,38.219366,38.218661,38.218467,38.218296,38.218148,38.218006,38.217842,38.217653,38.217548,38.21731,38.217072,38.216934,38.21681,38.216567,38.2162,38.216121,38.215947,38.215808,38.215628,38.215451,38.215286,38.215082,38.21448,38.214309,38.214168,38.214047,38.214691,38.214796,38.215972,38.216117,38.216661,38.218891,38.219669,38.22113,38.222021,38.224504,38.224639,38.225719,38.2274,38.228917,38.229734,38.229787,38.229874,38.229923,38.230025,38.230222,38.23044,38.230479,38.230504,38.230539,38.23059,38.230641,38.230768,38.23093,38.230962,38.231082,38.231133,38.231197,38.231294,38.231356,38.231422,38.231467,38.231503,38.231625,38.231825,38.231897,38.231933,38.234986,38.235892,38.236227,38.236304,38.237333,38.237367,38.23744,38.237859,38.237994,38.238274,38.238631,38.239642,38.24001,38.240099,38.240334,38.24119,38.241491,38.241577,38.241674,38.241702,38.241783,38.241826,38.241909,38.242537,38.242979,38.243051,38.243094,38.243148,38.243892,38.24476,38.244881,38.2456,38.245688,38.246377,38.246408,38.247253,38.247784,38.247879,38.247898,38.248203,38.248583,38.248831,38.248965,38.24936,38.249579,38.249614,38.249735,38.24984,38.250133,38.250469,38.250861,38.250879,38.251002,38.251216,38.253523,38.254623,38.258172,38.262079,38.263271,38.264648,38.268633,38.268964,38.272536,38.273159,38.273347,38.274795,38.275325,38.276965,38.277047,38.277933,38.277857]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.438408,-78.438383,-78.438342,-78.438306,-78.438283,-78.438063,-78.437983,-78.4379,-78.437819,-78.437724,-78.437618,-78.437498,-78.437438,-78.437366,-78.437208,-78.437004,-78.436788,-78.436225,-78.436017,-78.435805,-78.435697,-78.435174,-78.434699,-78.433968,-78.433878,-78.433576,-78.433276,-78.433144,-78.432988,-78.432871,-78.432735,-78.4325,-78.431645,-78.431467,-78.431307,-78.431067,-78.431017,-78.430801,-78.430636,-78.430516,-78.430387,-78.430085,-78.429959,-78.429845,-78.429744,-78.429663,-78.428704,-78.428087,-78.42783,-78.427549,-78.427245,-78.42712,-78.426778,-78.426516,-78.426031,-78.425545,-78.425236,-78.424711,-78.42433,-78.423853,-78.42355,-78.423401,-78.423254,-78.423167,-78.423062,-78.422384,-78.421811,-78.421276,-78.420651,-78.419944,-78.419478,-78.419316,-78.419171,-78.4189,-78.418567,-78.418321,-78.4178,-78.417534,-78.417163,-78.417012,-78.41635,-78.415658,-78.415577,-78.415363,-78.415088,-78.414862,-78.414448,-78.414325,-78.413618,-78.412632,-78.41214,-78.411998,-78.410245,-78.409962,-78.409684,-78.409429,-78.409072,-78.408789,-78.408023,-78.407702,-78.407207,-78.40708,-78.406895,-78.406696,-78.406561,-78.406451,-78.406308,-78.406163,-78.405897,-78.403933,-78.403777,-78.403598,-78.403457,-78.403351,-78.40321,-78.403133,-78.402937,-78.402841,-78.402497,-78.402404,-78.40223,-78.402143,-78.402074,-78.402004,-78.401963,-78.401941,-78.401926,-78.401889,-78.401852,-78.401775,-78.401682,-78.401477,-78.401317,-78.401004,-78.400776,-78.400152,-78.399961,-78.399762,-78.399543,-78.39924,-78.398971,-78.398561,-78.39837,-78.398151,-78.397946,-78.397793,-78.397699,-78.39758,-78.397402,-78.397279,-78.397184,-78.39712,-78.397056,-78.397011,-78.396971,-78.396943,-78.396894,-78.396886,-78.396895,-78.396922,-78.396956,-78.397015,-78.39709,-78.397202,-78.397276,-78.397314,-78.39733,-78.39734,-78.397328,-78.397301,-78.39715,-78.397064,-78.397002,-78.39694,-78.396847,-78.396717,-78.396569,-78.396557,-78.396384,-78.396242,-78.396112,-78.395939,-78.395782,-78.395291,-78.395152,-78.393835,-78.393607,-78.39341,-78.393062,-78.39286,-78.392586,-78.392439,-78.392052,-78.390762,-78.390328,-78.389783,-78.389499,-78.389411,-78.389305,-78.388954,-78.388783,-78.388616,-78.388476,-78.388417,-78.388328,-78.388207,-78.388132,-78.38802,-78.387861,-78.387719,-78.387341,-78.387252,-78.387139,-78.387048,-78.386948,-78.386829,-78.386719,-78.386593,-78.386334,-78.386069,-78.385847,-78.385558,-78.385348,-78.385091,-78.384751,-78.38446,-78.384329,-78.384011,-78.383544,-78.383069,-78.382377,-78.381718,-78.381326,-78.380726,-78.379803,-78.379089,-78.378707,-78.378368,-78.377574,-78.377149,-78.376722,-78.376216,-78.375802,-78.375388,-78.37357,-78.372716,-78.372441,-78.372164,-78.372005,-78.371888,-78.371612,-78.371401,-78.371032,-78.370663,-78.370362,-78.369536,-78.369247,-78.369006,-78.368421,-78.367976,-78.367744,-78.367649,-78.366994,-78.365582,-78.364999,-78.364679,-78.36412,-78.364025,-78.363053,-78.362573,-78.362206,-78.361959,-78.361713,-78.361518,-78.361292,-78.360964,-78.36066,-78.360269,-78.360129,-78.359598,-78.359149,-78.357958,-78.356675,-78.355449,-78.354964,-78.354826,-78.354399,-78.354123,-78.354035,-78.353813,-78.353604,-78.353406,-78.353169,-78.353068,-78.352892,-78.352705,-78.352189,-78.352154,-78.35113,-78.350739,-78.350682,-78.3499,-78.349476,-78.349366,-78.348819,-78.348765,-78.348435,-78.348366,-78.347981,-78.347809,-78.347593,-78.347439,-78.347328,-78.346858,-78.346751,-78.346636,-78.346337,-78.34586,-78.345695,-78.345603,-78.345479,-78.345349,-78.345305,-78.345261,-78.345242,-78.345254,-78.345273,-78.345353,-78.345567,-78.345727,-78.345863,-78.345921,-78.345961,-78.345983,-78.345986,-78.345974,-78.345957,-78.345912,-78.345859,-78.345785,-78.345698,-78.345596,-78.345478,-78.34534,-78.345187,-78.345131,-78.344659,-78.344354,-78.344036,-78.343816,-78.34331,-78.342928,-78.342678,-78.342757,-78.344801,-78.34614,-78.347118,-78.349726,-78.353204,-78.353332,-78.353684,-78.353791,-78.35524,-78.355252,-78.35682,-78.355937,-78.35569,-78.356164,-78.356986,-78.357264,-78.357366,-78.357478,-78.357651,-78.357758,-78.358193,-78.35847,-78.358897,-78.359165,-78.359794,-78.359842,-78.360004,-78.360224,-78.360452,-78.361493,-78.363271,-78.364853,-78.366847,-78.368701,-78.368984,-78.36902,-78.369061,-78.370026,-78.370352,-78.370611,-78.371733,-78.372361,-78.372497,-78.373595,-78.375375,-78.375462,-78.375901,-78.377138,-78.377436,-78.378909,-78.379332,-78.379448,-78.379763,-78.380363,-78.38144,-78.383155,-78.383973,-78.384368,-78.385008,-78.385667,-78.385988,-78.386667,-78.387807,-78.388811,-78.389564,-78.39031,-78.392446,-78.394631,-78.396281,-78.396311,-78.396421,-78.396706,-78.396801,-78.398052,-78.399808,-78.400641,-78.402108,-78.403077,-78.407392,-78.40747,-78.409542,-78.409954,-78.411009,-78.416816,-78.417359,-78.419161,-78.421614,-78.424793,-78.430471,-78.431502,-78.432688,-78.438107,-78.43838,-78.438379,-78.438376,-78.438395,-78.438414,-78.438408],"lat":[38.206893,38.207015,38.207135,38.207208,38.207249,38.207605,38.207769,38.207961,38.208099,38.20823,38.208346,38.208453,38.208498,38.208548,38.208635,38.20873,38.208813,38.20902,38.209083,38.209135,38.209157,38.209241,38.209319,38.209449,38.209469,38.209543,38.20963,38.209681,38.209756,38.209825,38.209922,38.21012,38.210927,38.211088,38.211243,38.211475,38.211528,38.211782,38.211999,38.212161,38.212343,38.212723,38.212866,38.212969,38.213043,38.213094,38.213635,38.213993,38.214142,38.214289,38.214426,38.214471,38.21458,38.214573,38.214569,38.214538,38.214517,38.214466,38.214427,38.214372,38.214348,38.214351,38.214368,38.214386,38.214419,38.21465,38.214839,38.215007,38.21519,38.215393,38.215527,38.21558,38.21563,38.215729,38.215862,38.215973,38.216227,38.216354,38.216503,38.216558,38.21677,38.216978,38.216999,38.217048,38.21709,38.217113,38.217133,38.217135,38.217124,38.217099,38.217075,38.217064,38.216876,38.216831,38.21677,38.2167,38.216592,38.216494,38.216174,38.216033,38.216519,38.216639,38.216793,38.216936,38.217021,38.217078,38.217135,38.217174,38.21722,38.217518,38.217553,38.217613,38.217676,38.217739,38.217841,38.217908,38.218097,38.218203,38.218629,38.21877,38.219068,38.219252,38.219441,38.21969,38.219904,38.22012,38.220416,38.220679,38.220817,38.221006,38.221182,38.221549,38.221807,38.222276,38.222592,38.223391,38.223613,38.223819,38.224015,38.224265,38.224474,38.224784,38.224928,38.225115,38.225311,38.225474,38.225587,38.225745,38.226007,38.226217,38.226414,38.226575,38.226779,38.226981,38.227235,38.227554,38.228155,38.228318,38.228509,38.228699,38.228849,38.229035,38.229229,38.229527,38.229784,38.229981,38.230163,38.230619,38.230786,38.230952,38.231587,38.231911,38.23207,38.232194,38.232344,38.232509,38.232668,38.232682,38.232845,38.232963,38.233056,38.233162,38.233244,38.233502,38.233575,38.23428,38.234391,38.23448,38.23462,38.234693,38.234785,38.234834,38.234982,38.235526,38.235713,38.235967,38.236117,38.23617,38.236242,38.236509,38.236628,38.236718,38.236772,38.23679,38.236813,38.236836,38.236845,38.236852,38.236849,38.236829,38.236731,38.236715,38.236709,38.236714,38.236731,38.236769,38.236821,38.236898,38.236647,38.23642,38.236246,38.236038,38.235902,38.235747,38.235554,38.235404,38.235341,38.235196,38.235021,38.23486,38.234649,38.234455,38.234332,38.234155,38.233876,38.23367,38.233578,38.23351,38.233386,38.233341,38.23331,38.233292,38.233293,38.233308,38.233435,38.233496,38.23352,38.233528,38.233524,38.233522,38.233501,38.233475,38.233424,38.233374,38.233329,38.233228,38.233202,38.233191,38.233176,38.233183,38.233194,38.233199,38.233252,38.233366,38.233414,38.233441,38.233488,38.233494,38.233562,38.233595,38.233607,38.2336,38.23358,38.233553,38.233512,38.233436,38.233351,38.23322,38.233173,38.23298,38.23282,38.232393,38.23193,38.231493,38.231321,38.231271,38.231099,38.230969,38.230922,38.230788,38.230643,38.230487,38.230278,38.230184,38.23002,38.229835,38.229341,38.229306,38.228345,38.227972,38.227917,38.227176,38.226773,38.226669,38.22615,38.226096,38.225756,38.225678,38.225243,38.225042,38.224774,38.224566,38.224393,38.223604,38.223441,38.223277,38.22291,38.222354,38.222139,38.221984,38.221737,38.221375,38.221236,38.22105,38.220894,38.220674,38.220576,38.220296,38.219724,38.219281,38.218855,38.218632,38.218402,38.21817,38.217756,38.21758,38.217443,38.217241,38.217094,38.216944,38.216811,38.216686,38.21657,38.216458,38.21635,38.216314,38.216022,38.215804,38.215545,38.21535,38.2149,38.214568,38.214411,38.214327,38.212146,38.210715,38.209668,38.206882,38.203167,38.20303,38.202654,38.202604,38.201028,38.200976,38.199299,38.19829,38.198044,38.197833,38.197474,38.197334,38.197267,38.197197,38.197109,38.197038,38.196748,38.196559,38.196265,38.196083,38.195649,38.195618,38.195516,38.1954,38.195294,38.193843,38.191366,38.189284,38.186804,38.184498,38.184146,38.184158,38.184172,38.184491,38.184597,38.184682,38.18505,38.185255,38.1853,38.18566,38.186237,38.186266,38.18641,38.186816,38.186914,38.187347,38.187475,38.187506,38.187607,38.187774,38.188076,38.188557,38.188786,38.188898,38.189077,38.189263,38.189363,38.189582,38.189949,38.190254,38.190484,38.190694,38.191168,38.191652,38.192018,38.192025,38.192039,38.192075,38.192088,38.192504,38.193085,38.193454,38.194104,38.194452,38.196005,38.196028,38.196776,38.196925,38.197305,38.199299,38.199463,38.200005,38.200744,38.201702,38.203412,38.203739,38.204093,38.205708,38.205809,38.205844,38.206244,38.206519,38.206769,38.206893]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.486127,-78.486123,-78.486117,-78.486102,-78.486085,-78.486052,-78.486026,-78.485982,-78.48595,-78.485897,-78.485879,-78.485773,-78.485684,-78.485638,-78.485481,-78.485223,-78.485103,-78.484997,-78.484633,-78.484386,-78.484139,-78.483314,-78.483128,-78.482954,-78.482229,-78.48195,-78.481715,-78.481569,-78.481466,-78.48132,-78.481174,-78.481028,-78.480749,-78.480667,-78.480619,-78.480539,-78.480463,-78.480423,-78.480366,-78.480314,-78.480287,-78.480245,-78.480186,-78.480169,-78.480116,-78.480084,-78.480009,-78.479971,-78.479944,-78.47975,-78.479631,-78.479542,-78.479187,-78.47912,-78.479039,-78.47895,-78.478819,-78.478295,-78.478199,-78.478029,-78.4779,-78.477348,-78.47712,-78.476992,-78.476781,-78.476556,-78.476125,-78.475677,-78.475554,-78.474553,-78.473757,-78.47368,-78.473422,-78.473222,-78.472925,-78.472814,-78.471888,-78.471248,-78.470727,-78.47063,-78.470432,-78.47011,-78.46966,-78.469417,-78.469026,-78.468754,-78.468405,-78.467793,-78.467661,-78.467435,-78.467068,-78.466103,-78.464877,-78.464329,-78.464046,-78.463761,-78.463563,-78.463301,-78.462758,-78.462385,-78.462011,-78.461707,-78.461524,-78.461076,-78.46078,-78.460565,-78.460409,-78.460257,-78.460085,-78.459847,-78.459627,-78.459075,-78.458922,-78.458618,-78.458505,-78.458393,-78.458282,-78.458189,-78.45807,-78.457973,-78.457692,-78.457238,-78.456875,-78.456391,-78.455261,-78.454942,-78.454707,-78.454216,-78.453888,-78.453401,-78.452887,-78.45264,-78.452399,-78.452171,-78.451945,-78.451762,-78.451529,-78.45118,-78.450388,-78.450071,-78.44991,-78.449839,-78.44975,-78.449491,-78.449302,-78.449194,-78.448999,-78.44897,-78.448874,-78.448805,-78.448716,-78.448492,-78.448318,-78.4481,-78.447907,-78.447799,-78.447629,-78.44747,-78.447322,-78.447135,-78.446884,-78.446498,-78.445961,-78.445852,-78.445716,-78.445623,-78.44561,-78.445558,-78.445498,-78.44546,-78.445396,-78.445318,-78.445213,-78.445151,-78.445087,-78.445004,-78.444906,-78.444871,-78.444743,-78.444391,-78.443863,-78.443418,-78.443219,-78.443098,-78.442971,-78.442822,-78.442722,-78.442651,-78.442462,-78.442327,-78.442193,-78.442078,-78.441967,-78.441489,-78.441293,-78.441084,-78.440918,-78.440708,-78.440558,-78.440389,-78.440277,-78.440144,-78.440043,-78.439868,-78.439774,-78.439516,-78.439297,-78.439116,-78.438635,-78.437704,-78.437285,-78.437007,-78.43677,-78.43585,-78.435484,-78.435302,-78.43512,-78.434851,-78.434583,-78.433393,-78.432866,-78.432466,-78.43226,-78.43206,-78.431983,-78.431933,-78.431869,-78.431709,-78.430172,-78.429368,-78.429168,-78.429071,-78.428961,-78.42882,-78.428329,-78.42751,-78.427354,-78.42719,-78.427055,-78.426873,-78.426764,-78.426502,-78.425655,-78.424827,-78.424485,-78.424206,-78.423716,-78.42357,-78.423428,-78.42332,-78.423216,-78.423094,-78.422985,-78.422857,-78.422674,-78.42261,-78.42236,-78.422178,-78.422086,-78.421981,-78.421362,-78.421135,-78.42094,-78.420794,-78.420393,-78.420252,-78.420158,-78.420099,-78.419935,-78.419709,-78.419529,-78.419333,-78.419207,-78.418968,-78.418725,-78.418451,-78.41819,-78.417829,-78.417454,-78.416908,-78.416235,-78.415852,-78.415497,-78.415083,-78.4143,-78.414034,-78.413813,-78.413576,-78.412959,-78.412748,-78.412535,-78.412283,-78.412074,-78.411866,-78.411664,-78.411332,-78.411067,-78.41097,-78.410376,-78.409824,-78.409587,-78.409356,-78.408984,-78.408721,-78.408286,-78.408091,-78.40772,-78.407431,-78.40721,-78.406984,-78.406755,-78.406617,-78.406242,-78.405867,-78.405617,-78.405371,-78.405225,-78.404929,-78.404537,-78.404344,-78.404098,-78.403206,-78.403026,-78.402748,-78.402613,-78.402319,-78.402156,-78.401949,-78.401528,-78.401126,-78.400918,-78.400423,-78.400194,-78.399902,-78.398913,-78.398803,-78.398692,-78.398648,-78.398505,-78.398421,-78.398638,-78.398815,-78.398959,-78.399011,-78.399102,-78.399184,-78.398968,-78.398883,-78.398739,-78.398623,-78.398515,-78.398417,-78.398336,-78.398323,-78.398284,-78.398221,-78.398192,-78.398182,-78.39816,-78.398116,-78.398086,-78.398087,-78.39811,-78.398155,-78.398229,-78.398291,-78.398485,-78.398598,-78.398693,-78.398789,-78.398615,-78.398469,-78.398408,-78.398349,-78.398246,-78.398111,-78.398001,-78.397802,-78.397653,-78.397052,-78.396489,-78.395993,-78.395586,-78.395454,-78.395327,-78.395233,-78.395076,-78.394809,-78.394362,-78.393908,-78.393804,-78.393557,-78.393476,-78.393433,-78.393204,-78.392791,-78.392718,-78.39252,-78.392291,-78.392164,-78.391769,-78.391352,-78.391183,-78.39104,-78.390892,-78.390522,-78.390154,-78.389252,-78.388659,-78.388368,-78.38801,-78.387542,-78.387013,-78.386889,-78.38677,-78.386521,-78.386448,-78.386335,-78.38615,-78.386044,-78.385745,-78.385549,-78.385151,-78.384554,-78.384059,-78.383851,-78.383723,-78.383635,-78.383559,-78.383366,-78.383207,-78.382939,-78.382647,-78.382272,-78.38187,-78.381739,-78.381643,-78.381517,-78.381401,-78.381301,-78.381218,-78.381154,-78.381086,-78.380975,-78.380952,-78.380901,-78.380828,-78.380486,-78.380227,-78.379967,-78.379879,-78.37974,-78.379588,-78.379396,-78.378936,-78.378707,-78.378475,-78.378185,-78.377933,-78.377493,-78.377287,-78.377005,-78.376639,-78.376372,-78.376226,-78.376147,-78.375362,-78.37485,-78.374692,-78.374574,-78.374458,-78.374348,-78.373964,-78.373668,-78.373277,-78.372853,-78.372382,-78.371773,-78.371562,-78.371522,-78.371384,-78.371237,-78.371051,-78.370901,-78.370816,-78.370496,-78.369866,-78.369719,-78.369669,-78.369525,-78.369315,-78.36918,-78.368131,-78.368001,-78.367833,-78.367659,-78.367426,-78.367227,-78.366652,-78.366062,-78.365609,-78.363942,-78.363813,-78.363688,-78.363571,-78.363476,-78.363411,-78.363354,-78.363297,-78.363257,-78.363191,-78.363109,-78.363025,-78.362927,-78.362794,-78.362503,-78.362043,-78.361937,-78.361843,-78.361778,-78.361599,-78.361464,-78.361063,-78.360811,-78.360595,-78.360484,-78.360361,-78.360229,-78.360079,-78.359951,-78.359821,-78.359308,-78.359137,-78.359089,-78.358642,-78.357676,-78.357412,-78.356686,-78.356593,-78.356534,-78.356328,-78.3557,-78.355441,-78.354985,-78.354199,-78.354014,-78.353899,-78.353632,-78.353386,-78.353012,-78.352727,-78.352433,-78.351176,-78.35069,-78.350332,-78.349867,-78.349659,-78.349448,-78.349246,-78.348925,-78.348653,-78.348309,-78.346752,-78.345609,-78.34394,-78.343411,-78.343205,-78.342906,-78.342692,-78.342621,-78.342399,-78.342335,-78.342171,-78.341782,-78.341631,-78.341204,-78.341153,-78.341132,-78.340975,-78.340792,-78.34061,-78.340391,-78.339746,-78.339301,-78.3391,-78.338933,-78.338798,-78.338522,-78.338132,-78.337669,-78.337248,-78.33686,-78.3366,-78.336445,-78.336346,-78.33623,-78.336212,-78.336136,-78.336061,-78.336036,-78.336036,-78.336062,-78.336158,-78.336163,-78.336172,-78.33619,-78.336227,-78.336192,-78.336138,-78.335988,-78.335852,-78.3357,-78.335602,-78.335456,-78.33534,-78.335212,-78.335066,-78.334925,-78.334687,-78.334443,-78.334205,-78.333844,-78.333709,-78.333643,-78.333562,-78.333496,-78.333416,-78.333357,-78.333306,-78.33327,-78.333241,-78.333219,-78.333205,-78.33322,-78.333256,-78.333352,-78.333499,-78.333558,-78.333558,-78.333551,-78.333529,-78.333478,-78.33339,-78.333191,-78.332827,-78.332733,-78.332479,-78.332423,-78.332156,-78.33184,-78.331563,-78.331247,-78.330946,-78.330684,-78.330415,-78.330199,-78.330092,-78.329953,-78.32983,-78.329668,-78.329522,-78.329337,-78.329144,-78.328975,-78.328844,-78.328751,-78.328574,-78.328334,-78.327881,-78.327647,-78.327593,-78.327577,-78.327523,-78.327415,-78.327303,-78.327175,-78.327067,-78.32689,-78.326458,-78.326034,-78.325849,-78.325571,-78.325384,-78.325292,-78.325138,-78.324603,-78.324536,-78.324478,-78.324424,-78.324391,-78.324358,-78.324337,-78.3243,-78.324251,-78.324217,-78.32418,-78.324139,-78.324107,-78.324048,-78.323994,-78.323944,-78.32395,-78.323956,-78.323956,-78.32396,-78.323954,-78.323914,-78.323768,-78.323683,-78.323433,-78.32328,-78.323024,-78.322677,-78.322499,-78.32231,-78.322057,-78.32189,-78.321733,-78.321494,-78.320623,-78.320466,-78.320314,-78.320141,-78.319756,-78.319513,-78.31928,-78.318991,-78.318701,-78.318021,-78.317865,-78.317748,-78.317521,-78.317263,-78.31701,-78.316927,-78.316849,-78.316809,-78.316637,-78.316551,-78.316378,-78.316237,-78.316161,-78.316104,-78.316025,-78.315987,-78.316001,-78.316056,-78.316165,-78.316632,-78.316687,-78.316755,-78.316796,-78.316843,-78.316859,-78.316848,-78.316801,-78.316708,-78.316616,-78.316367,-78.315897,-78.315685,-78.315325,-78.315227,-78.315096,-78.314857,-78.314749,-78.314679,-78.314656,-78.314596,-78.314506,-78.314413,-78.314332,-78.314249,-78.314115,-78.313951,-78.313843,-78.313705,-78.313536,-78.313392,-78.312762,-78.312383,-78.312014,-78.311761,-78.311508,-78.311304,-78.311073,-78.310869,-78.310623,-78.310226,-78.309686,-78.309555,-78.309487,-78.309455,-78.30944,-78.309393,-78.309361,-78.309309,-78.309205,-78.309136,-78.309031,-78.30891,-78.308705,-78.308469,-78.308159,-78.307634,-78.307294,-78.30697,-78.306777,-78.306434,-78.30578,-78.305145,-78.304877,-78.304715,-78.304522,-78.304277,-78.303723,-78.303362,-78.303311,-78.303268,-78.30328,-78.303329,-78.303398,-78.303497,-78.303609,-78.303709,-78.303809,-78.303877,-78.30408,-78.304332,-78.30442,-78.304524,-78.304545,-78.304501,-78.304473,-78.304494,-78.304505,-78.304575,-78.304638,-78.304806,-78.304938,-78.305043,-78.305054,-78.305048,-78.305028,-78.304965,-78.304856,-78.304723,-78.304589,-78.304428,-78.304259,-78.304081,-78.30387,-78.303624,-78.30342,-78.303172,-78.30297,-78.30282,-78.302677,-78.302594,-78.302416,-78.302138,-78.302027,-78.301849,-78.301703,-78.301589,-78.301448,-78.301406,-78.301377,-78.301306,-78.301228,-78.301155,-78.300694,-78.300168,-78.299487,-78.298911,-78.298611,-78.298505,-78.29838,-78.29828,-78.298142,-78.297992,-78.297891,-78.297816,-78.297759,-78.297715,-78.297695,-78.297613,-78.297467,-78.297201,-78.297132,-78.296949,-78.296786,-78.296592,-78.296404,-78.296251,-78.296128,-78.29596,-78.295816,-78.295663,-78.295481,-78.295347,-78.295263,-78.295106,-78.294973,-78.294756,-78.294351,-78.294016,-78.293781,-78.293452,-78.292827,-78.292021,-78.291734,-78.291618,-78.291576,-78.291512,-78.291417,-78.291247,-78.290896,-78.290599,-78.290281,-78.289611,-78.289014,-78.288837,-78.28859,-78.288474,-78.28851,-78.289792,-78.290554,-78.29121,-78.292194,-78.293166,-78.294286,-78.296981,-78.297098,-78.298738,-78.299936,-78.300399,-78.300677,-78.300838,-78.3019,-78.304107,-78.305217,-78.305443,-78.306241,-78.307944,-78.310678,-78.311594,-78.313275,-78.313768,-78.314255,-78.317518,-78.323262,-78.328652,-78.328735,-78.331796,-78.333763,-78.333984,-78.335527,-78.335717,-78.336947,-78.336989,-78.337262,-78.338249,-78.338406,-78.339336,-78.340128,-78.342678,-78.342928,-78.34331,-78.343816,-78.344036,-78.344354,-78.344659,-78.345131,-78.345187,-78.34534,-78.345478,-78.345596,-78.345698,-78.345785,-78.345859,-78.345912,-78.345957,-78.345974,-78.345986,-78.345983,-78.345961,-78.345921,-78.345863,-78.345727,-78.345567,-78.345353,-78.345273,-78.345254,-78.345242,-78.345261,-78.345305,-78.345349,-78.345479,-78.345603,-78.345695,-78.34586,-78.346337,-78.346636,-78.346751,-78.346858,-78.347328,-78.347439,-78.347593,-78.347809,-78.347981,-78.348366,-78.348435,-78.348765,-78.348819,-78.349366,-78.349476,-78.3499,-78.350682,-78.350739,-78.35113,-78.352154,-78.352189,-78.352705,-78.352892,-78.353068,-78.353169,-78.353406,-78.353604,-78.353813,-78.354035,-78.354123,-78.354399,-78.354826,-78.354964,-78.355449,-78.356675,-78.357958,-78.359149,-78.359598,-78.360129,-78.360269,-78.36066,-78.360964,-78.361292,-78.361518,-78.361713,-78.361959,-78.362206,-78.362573,-78.363053,-78.364025,-78.36412,-78.364679,-78.364999,-78.365582,-78.366994,-78.367649,-78.367744,-78.367976,-78.368421,-78.369006,-78.369247,-78.369536,-78.370362,-78.370663,-78.371032,-78.371401,-78.371612,-78.371888,-78.372005,-78.372164,-78.372441,-78.372716,-78.37357,-78.375388,-78.375802,-78.376216,-78.376722,-78.377149,-78.377574,-78.378368,-78.378707,-78.379089,-78.379803,-78.380726,-78.381326,-78.381718,-78.382377,-78.383069,-78.383544,-78.384011,-78.384329,-78.38446,-78.384751,-78.385091,-78.385348,-78.385558,-78.385847,-78.386069,-78.386334,-78.386593,-78.386719,-78.386829,-78.386948,-78.387048,-78.387139,-78.387252,-78.387341,-78.387719,-78.387861,-78.38802,-78.388132,-78.388207,-78.388328,-78.388417,-78.388476,-78.388616,-78.388783,-78.388954,-78.389305,-78.389411,-78.389499,-78.389783,-78.390328,-78.390762,-78.392052,-78.392439,-78.392586,-78.39286,-78.393062,-78.39341,-78.393607,-78.393835,-78.395152,-78.395291,-78.395782,-78.395939,-78.396112,-78.396242,-78.396384,-78.396557,-78.396569,-78.396717,-78.396847,-78.39694,-78.397002,-78.397064,-78.39715,-78.397301,-78.397328,-78.39734,-78.39733,-78.397314,-78.397276,-78.397202,-78.39709,-78.397015,-78.396956,-78.396922,-78.396895,-78.396886,-78.396894,-78.396943,-78.396971,-78.397011,-78.397056,-78.39712,-78.397184,-78.397279,-78.397402,-78.39758,-78.397699,-78.397793,-78.397946,-78.398151,-78.39837,-78.398561,-78.398971,-78.39924,-78.399543,-78.399762,-78.399961,-78.400152,-78.400776,-78.401004,-78.401317,-78.401477,-78.401682,-78.401775,-78.401852,-78.401889,-78.401926,-78.401941,-78.401963,-78.402004,-78.402074,-78.402143,-78.40223,-78.402404,-78.402497,-78.402841,-78.402937,-78.403133,-78.40321,-78.403351,-78.403457,-78.403598,-78.403777,-78.403933,-78.405897,-78.406163,-78.406308,-78.406451,-78.406561,-78.406696,-78.406895,-78.40708,-78.407207,-78.407702,-78.408023,-78.408789,-78.409072,-78.409429,-78.409684,-78.409962,-78.410245,-78.411998,-78.41214,-78.412632,-78.413618,-78.414325,-78.414448,-78.414862,-78.415088,-78.415363,-78.415577,-78.415658,-78.41635,-78.417012,-78.417163,-78.417534,-78.4178,-78.418321,-78.418567,-78.4189,-78.419171,-78.419316,-78.419478,-78.419944,-78.420651,-78.421276,-78.421811,-78.422384,-78.423062,-78.423167,-78.423254,-78.423401,-78.42355,-78.423853,-78.42433,-78.424711,-78.425236,-78.425545,-78.426031,-78.426516,-78.426778,-78.42712,-78.427245,-78.427549,-78.42783,-78.428087,-78.428704,-78.429663,-78.429744,-78.429845,-78.429959,-78.430085,-78.430387,-78.430516,-78.430636,-78.430801,-78.431017,-78.431067,-78.431307,-78.431467,-78.431645,-78.4325,-78.432735,-78.432871,-78.432988,-78.433144,-78.433276,-78.433576,-78.433878,-78.433968,-78.434699,-78.435174,-78.435697,-78.435805,-78.436017,-78.436225,-78.436788,-78.437004,-78.437208,-78.437366,-78.437438,-78.437498,-78.437618,-78.437724,-78.437819,-78.4379,-78.437983,-78.438063,-78.438283,-78.438306,-78.438342,-78.438383,-78.438408,-78.438414,-78.438395,-78.438376,-78.438379,-78.44021,-78.440298,-78.440786,-78.441257,-78.442005,-78.442031,-78.442164,-78.442376,-78.44242,-78.446021,-78.446042,-78.446976,-78.45012,-78.451119,-78.457422,-78.462002,-78.462017,-78.465372,-78.465449,-78.465451,-78.465472,-78.465519,-78.465738,-78.465811,-78.465858,-78.46589,-78.465903,-78.46589,-78.465857,-78.465836,-78.465726,-78.465668,-78.465645,-78.46563,-78.465626,-78.465642,-78.465662,-78.465712,-78.465767,-78.465828,-78.465904,-78.466007,-78.466137,-78.466669,-78.466873,-78.467216,-78.467581,-78.467676,-78.467887,-78.467982,-78.468099,-78.468278,-78.468575,-78.468701,-78.468778,-78.46889,-78.469034,-78.469203,-78.469429,-78.469567,-78.469747,-78.469984,-78.470254,-78.471117,-78.471305,-78.471529,-78.471744,-78.471939,-78.472121,-78.472356,-78.472604,-78.472901,-78.473051,-78.473176,-78.473909,-78.474293,-78.474772,-78.475061,-78.475163,-78.475207,-78.475341,-78.475533,-78.475722,-78.475879,-78.476043,-78.476256,-78.476777,-78.477265,-78.477425,-78.477506,-78.477746,-78.47807,-78.478266,-78.478547,-78.478836,-78.479076,-78.479399,-78.479629,-78.480255,-78.480695,-78.480941,-78.481089,-78.481183,-78.481338,-78.481478,-78.481576,-78.481658,-78.481723,-78.481765,-78.481797,-78.481818,-78.48182,-78.481812,-78.481782,-78.481682,-78.481643,-78.481624,-78.481625,-78.481639,-78.481674,-78.481728,-78.4818,-78.481857,-78.481934,-78.482065,-78.482513,-78.482638,-78.482745,-78.48282,-78.482865,-78.482897,-78.483016,-78.483037,-78.483099,-78.483107,-78.483111,-78.483097,-78.482984,-78.482976,-78.482983,-78.483011,-78.48302,-78.483015,-78.482999,-78.48299,-78.482955,-78.482774,-78.482746,-78.482702,-78.48269,-78.482696,-78.482719,-78.482749,-78.482807,-78.482905,-78.482971,-78.483031,-78.483124,-78.483199,-78.4837,-78.484335,-78.484523,-78.484969,-78.485053,-78.485158,-78.485288,-78.485318,-78.485352,-78.485382,-78.485424,-78.485477,-78.485515,-78.485527,-78.485525,-78.48544,-78.48543,-78.485433,-78.485456,-78.485494,-78.485539,-78.48559,-78.48572,-78.486065,-78.486081,-78.486108,-78.486117,-78.486123,-78.486127,-78.486127],"lat":[38.251365,38.251396,38.251426,38.251472,38.251504,38.251553,38.251585,38.25163,38.251658,38.251697,38.251709,38.251774,38.251825,38.25185,38.251932,38.25208,38.252156,38.252228,38.252498,38.252663,38.252809,38.253231,38.253308,38.253365,38.253538,38.25362,38.253702,38.253747,38.253771,38.253787,38.253788,38.253774,38.253723,38.253713,38.253711,38.25372,38.253744,38.253766,38.253813,38.253882,38.253936,38.25409,38.254428,38.254573,38.255158,38.255271,38.255438,38.255504,38.255552,38.25582,38.255957,38.255879,38.255468,38.255408,38.255346,38.255291,38.255232,38.25505,38.255013,38.254936,38.254864,38.254499,38.254364,38.254298,38.25421,38.254141,38.254039,38.253918,38.253883,38.253561,38.253343,38.25332,38.253231,38.25315,38.253021,38.252974,38.252581,38.252317,38.2521,38.252064,38.251996,38.251905,38.251799,38.251755,38.251695,38.251667,38.251646,38.251617,38.251607,38.251586,38.251545,38.251423,38.251261,38.251198,38.251174,38.251162,38.251154,38.251134,38.25108,38.25103,38.250974,38.250945,38.250935,38.250924,38.250931,38.250947,38.250974,38.251015,38.251082,38.251221,38.251363,38.251664,38.251767,38.252004,38.252073,38.252123,38.252155,38.25217,38.252176,38.252174,38.252148,38.252099,38.252081,38.252072,38.252074,38.252089,38.252115,38.252197,38.252241,38.252282,38.252309,38.252318,38.252329,38.252352,38.252394,38.252444,38.252519,38.252641,38.252943,38.25305,38.253099,38.253122,38.253152,38.253251,38.25334,38.2534,38.253517,38.253534,38.253571,38.253586,38.253591,38.253568,38.253538,38.253484,38.253419,38.253373,38.253287,38.253189,38.25308,38.252925,38.2527,38.25238,38.251961,38.25187,38.251737,38.251629,38.251611,38.251536,38.251427,38.251358,38.251205,38.250949,38.250547,38.250358,38.250227,38.250097,38.24998,38.249944,38.249831,38.249583,38.249229,38.248927,38.248819,38.248773,38.24874,38.248724,38.248724,38.248728,38.248754,38.248767,38.248769,38.248756,38.24873,38.24857,38.24852,38.248485,38.248471,38.248466,38.248474,38.248495,38.248519,38.248562,38.248607,38.2487,38.248761,38.248928,38.249044,38.249128,38.249301,38.249615,38.249747,38.249815,38.249856,38.249976,38.250017,38.250028,38.250032,38.25002,38.249993,38.249802,38.249718,38.249643,38.249587,38.249518,38.249487,38.249462,38.24943,38.249345,38.24844,38.24796,38.247854,38.247807,38.247756,38.247696,38.247504,38.247152,38.247096,38.247054,38.24703,38.247015,38.247012,38.247024,38.247072,38.247115,38.247122,38.247123,38.247129,38.24715,38.247186,38.247224,38.247273,38.247348,38.247436,38.247563,38.247766,38.247839,38.248095,38.248245,38.248312,38.248384,38.248749,38.248908,38.249068,38.249203,38.249604,38.249715,38.249779,38.249815,38.249903,38.250004,38.250072,38.250134,38.250167,38.250211,38.25024,38.250257,38.250265,38.250264,38.250251,38.250218,38.250161,38.25014,38.250138,38.250153,38.250212,38.250215,38.250202,38.25017,38.250068,38.250049,38.250043,38.250052,38.25007,38.250097,38.250129,38.250186,38.250237,38.250258,38.25039,38.250494,38.250558,38.250636,38.250781,38.250892,38.251074,38.251155,38.251291,38.251376,38.25143,38.25147,38.251496,38.251505,38.251502,38.251484,38.251457,38.251416,38.251385,38.251292,38.251172,38.251124,38.251078,38.250957,38.250924,38.25086,38.250826,38.250753,38.250723,38.250698,38.250679,38.250687,38.25069,38.250685,38.250668,38.250629,38.250431,38.250422,38.250427,38.250433,38.250474,38.250508,38.250833,38.251161,38.251464,38.251587,38.251853,38.252155,38.252189,38.252203,38.252228,38.252262,38.25231,38.25237,38.252435,38.252448,38.252492,38.252607,38.252687,38.252727,38.252832,38.253559,38.254097,38.25435,38.254589,38.254833,38.255105,38.255331,38.255855,38.256105,38.256263,38.256396,38.256523,38.256606,38.256637,38.256663,38.256699,38.256731,38.256747,38.256753,38.256751,38.256725,38.256707,38.256674,38.256661,38.256668,38.256686,38.256706,38.256747,38.256837,38.257021,38.257197,38.257239,38.25735,38.257402,38.257434,38.257667,38.258258,38.258336,38.258501,38.258669,38.258753,38.259001,38.259244,38.259325,38.259382,38.25943,38.259525,38.259605,38.259763,38.259862,38.2599,38.259939,38.259972,38.259995,38.259992,38.25998,38.259918,38.259896,38.259861,38.259795,38.259756,38.259628,38.259554,38.259422,38.259243,38.259113,38.259067,38.259061,38.259071,38.259088,38.259149,38.259216,38.259346,38.259496,38.259695,38.259917,38.260005,38.260079,38.260194,38.260324,38.260463,38.260608,38.260769,38.260968,38.261387,38.261444,38.261545,38.261651,38.262044,38.262393,38.262714,38.2628,38.262902,38.262987,38.263072,38.263241,38.263321,38.263401,38.263507,38.263597,38.263742,38.263803,38.263896,38.264001,38.264064,38.264083,38.264083,38.264021,38.26397,38.26396,38.263967,38.263988,38.264022,38.264187,38.264334,38.264521,38.264711,38.264913,38.265153,38.265228,38.265239,38.265274,38.265301,38.265323,38.26533,38.265331,38.265322,38.26526,38.265262,38.265265,38.265292,38.265349,38.265398,38.26584,38.265888,38.265935,38.26597,38.265989,38.265992,38.265963,38.265924,38.265916,38.265897,38.265876,38.265841,38.265792,38.265733,38.265679,38.265618,38.265537,38.26546,38.265358,38.265264,38.265191,38.265121,38.265042,38.26491,38.264714,38.264648,38.264571,38.264502,38.264284,38.264131,38.263704,38.263426,38.263203,38.263122,38.263053,38.262997,38.262957,38.262938,38.262935,38.262963,38.262959,38.262957,38.262904,38.262742,38.262692,38.262553,38.262557,38.262548,38.262487,38.26392,38.264489,38.265534,38.267311,38.267697,38.267927,38.268419,38.268835,38.269405,38.269807,38.270193,38.271816,38.272444,38.272914,38.273496,38.273731,38.273949,38.274133,38.274393,38.274592,38.274816,38.275754,38.276449,38.277447,38.277789,38.277938,38.278167,38.278348,38.27841,38.278622,38.278686,38.278857,38.279307,38.279482,38.280003,38.280071,38.280094,38.280015,38.279963,38.279909,38.279839,38.279571,38.279332,38.279217,38.279131,38.279061,38.278958,38.278847,38.278714,38.27858,38.278407,38.278266,38.278161,38.278094,38.277988,38.277968,38.277875,38.277749,38.277623,38.277536,38.277437,38.277129,38.277112,38.276999,38.276757,38.276344,38.276109,38.27591,38.275511,38.275202,38.274981,38.27487,38.27473,38.274624,38.274562,38.274494,38.274441,38.274383,38.274344,38.274334,38.274377,38.274384,38.274378,38.274326,38.274262,38.274187,38.274112,38.274043,38.273956,38.273841,38.273737,38.273615,38.273436,38.273361,38.273263,38.273154,38.273062,38.272975,38.272831,38.272675,38.272565,38.272461,38.272241,38.271906,38.271808,38.271638,38.271611,38.271485,38.271369,38.271321,38.271271,38.27121,38.271143,38.271058,38.270973,38.270893,38.270802,38.270759,38.270705,38.270686,38.270686,38.270698,38.270691,38.270661,38.270679,38.270752,38.270939,38.271343,38.271552,38.271655,38.271709,38.271837,38.271988,38.272111,38.272194,38.272231,38.272249,38.27229,38.272399,38.272447,38.272574,38.272656,38.272675,38.272695,38.272688,38.272678,38.272655,38.272599,38.272569,38.272527,38.272488,38.272412,38.272327,38.272271,38.272226,38.272167,38.27205,38.271767,38.271565,38.271379,38.271274,38.271178,38.27111,38.271083,38.271074,38.27099,38.270706,38.270643,38.270474,38.270411,38.270286,38.270117,38.270026,38.269888,38.269672,38.269539,38.269447,38.269351,38.26901,38.268998,38.26899,38.268946,38.268837,38.268766,38.268728,38.268744,38.268779,38.268862,38.268861,38.268836,38.268731,38.268681,38.268707,38.26873,38.268792,38.268847,38.269075,38.269155,38.26929,38.269388,38.269504,38.269622,38.269794,38.269943,38.270053,38.27017,38.270299,38.270891,38.270984,38.271108,38.271224,38.271365,38.271444,38.271522,38.271659,38.271793,38.271861,38.271974,38.27228,38.272423,38.272643,38.27268,38.272715,38.272773,38.272785,38.272782,38.272779,38.272755,38.272699,38.272605,38.272527,38.272478,38.272414,38.27234,38.272281,38.272207,38.27213,38.272083,38.271953,38.271856,38.271768,38.271696,38.271597,38.271486,38.271337,38.271193,38.271003,38.270752,38.270453,38.27037,38.270299,38.270229,38.270163,38.270055,38.270018,38.269973,38.269923,38.269894,38.269873,38.269873,38.269843,38.269793,38.269669,38.269531,38.269412,38.269309,38.269289,38.269278,38.269233,38.269163,38.269163,38.269192,38.26926,38.269371,38.269593,38.269754,38.269842,38.269955,38.270029,38.270107,38.270166,38.270211,38.27024,38.270265,38.270309,38.270379,38.270578,38.270873,38.271016,38.271211,38.271302,38.271588,38.271761,38.271921,38.272025,38.272363,38.272583,38.273039,38.273398,38.273834,38.273916,38.274016,38.274146,38.274261,38.274356,38.274426,38.274486,38.27452,38.27453,38.274515,38.274489,38.274469,38.274481,38.274524,38.274628,38.274703,38.27475,38.274765,38.274785,38.274805,38.274818,38.274854,38.27487,38.27487,38.274833,38.274821,38.27482,38.274821,38.274831,38.274839,38.274844,38.274807,38.274704,38.274604,38.274544,38.274495,38.274455,38.274426,38.27442,38.27444,38.274494,38.274642,38.274858,38.275001,38.275233,38.275489,38.275841,38.276432,38.276536,38.276668,38.276808,38.27699,38.277072,38.277095,38.277102,38.277094,38.27709,38.277063,38.277008,38.276949,38.276871,38.276735,38.276587,38.27638,38.276107,38.275861,38.275612,38.275193,38.274623,38.274027,38.273834,38.273717,38.273633,38.273549,38.273465,38.273398,38.273263,38.273204,38.273141,38.272953,38.272752,38.272656,38.272498,38.272306,38.272274,38.27089,38.270066,38.269356,38.268293,38.267243,38.266034,38.263121,38.262994,38.261223,38.259928,38.259422,38.259125,38.258954,38.257806,38.255422,38.254249,38.254008,38.253167,38.251365,38.248475,38.247506,38.245731,38.24521,38.24469,38.241215,38.235097,38.229356,38.229267,38.226008,38.223912,38.223677,38.222053,38.221847,38.220519,38.220474,38.220183,38.219131,38.218964,38.217973,38.217131,38.214411,38.214568,38.2149,38.21535,38.215545,38.215804,38.216022,38.216314,38.21635,38.216458,38.21657,38.216686,38.216811,38.216944,38.217094,38.217241,38.217443,38.21758,38.217756,38.21817,38.218402,38.218632,38.218855,38.219281,38.219724,38.220296,38.220576,38.220674,38.220894,38.22105,38.221236,38.221375,38.221737,38.221984,38.222139,38.222354,38.22291,38.223277,38.223441,38.223604,38.224393,38.224566,38.224774,38.225042,38.225243,38.225678,38.225756,38.226096,38.22615,38.226669,38.226773,38.227176,38.227917,38.227972,38.228345,38.229306,38.229341,38.229835,38.23002,38.230184,38.230278,38.230487,38.230643,38.230788,38.230922,38.230969,38.231099,38.231271,38.231321,38.231493,38.23193,38.232393,38.23282,38.23298,38.233173,38.23322,38.233351,38.233436,38.233512,38.233553,38.23358,38.2336,38.233607,38.233595,38.233562,38.233494,38.233488,38.233441,38.233414,38.233366,38.233252,38.233199,38.233194,38.233183,38.233176,38.233191,38.233202,38.233228,38.233329,38.233374,38.233424,38.233475,38.233501,38.233522,38.233524,38.233528,38.23352,38.233496,38.233435,38.233308,38.233293,38.233292,38.23331,38.233341,38.233386,38.23351,38.233578,38.23367,38.233876,38.234155,38.234332,38.234455,38.234649,38.23486,38.235021,38.235196,38.235341,38.235404,38.235554,38.235747,38.235902,38.236038,38.236246,38.23642,38.236647,38.236898,38.236821,38.236769,38.236731,38.236714,38.236709,38.236715,38.236731,38.236829,38.236849,38.236852,38.236845,38.236836,38.236813,38.23679,38.236772,38.236718,38.236628,38.236509,38.236242,38.23617,38.236117,38.235967,38.235713,38.235526,38.234982,38.234834,38.234785,38.234693,38.23462,38.23448,38.234391,38.23428,38.233575,38.233502,38.233244,38.233162,38.233056,38.232963,38.232845,38.232682,38.232668,38.232509,38.232344,38.232194,38.23207,38.231911,38.231587,38.230952,38.230786,38.230619,38.230163,38.229981,38.229784,38.229527,38.229229,38.229035,38.228849,38.228699,38.228509,38.228318,38.228155,38.227554,38.227235,38.226981,38.226779,38.226575,38.226414,38.226217,38.226007,38.225745,38.225587,38.225474,38.225311,38.225115,38.224928,38.224784,38.224474,38.224265,38.224015,38.223819,38.223613,38.223391,38.222592,38.222276,38.221807,38.221549,38.221182,38.221006,38.220817,38.220679,38.220416,38.22012,38.219904,38.21969,38.219441,38.219252,38.219068,38.21877,38.218629,38.218203,38.218097,38.217908,38.217841,38.217739,38.217676,38.217613,38.217553,38.217518,38.21722,38.217174,38.217135,38.217078,38.217021,38.216936,38.216793,38.216639,38.216519,38.216033,38.216174,38.216494,38.216592,38.2167,38.21677,38.216831,38.216876,38.217064,38.217075,38.217099,38.217124,38.217135,38.217133,38.217113,38.21709,38.217048,38.216999,38.216978,38.21677,38.216558,38.216503,38.216354,38.216227,38.215973,38.215862,38.215729,38.21563,38.21558,38.215527,38.215393,38.21519,38.215007,38.214839,38.21465,38.214419,38.214386,38.214368,38.214351,38.214348,38.214372,38.214427,38.214466,38.214517,38.214538,38.214569,38.214573,38.21458,38.214471,38.214426,38.214289,38.214142,38.213993,38.213635,38.213094,38.213043,38.212969,38.212866,38.212723,38.212343,38.212161,38.211999,38.211782,38.211528,38.211475,38.211243,38.211088,38.210927,38.21012,38.209922,38.209825,38.209756,38.209681,38.20963,38.209543,38.209469,38.209449,38.209319,38.209241,38.209157,38.209135,38.209083,38.20902,38.208813,38.20873,38.208635,38.208548,38.208498,38.208453,38.208346,38.20823,38.208099,38.207961,38.207769,38.207605,38.207249,38.207208,38.207135,38.207015,38.206893,38.206769,38.206519,38.206244,38.205844,38.206515,38.206549,38.20671,38.206876,38.207149,38.207158,38.207204,38.207283,38.207296,38.20833,38.208329,38.208604,38.209507,38.209794,38.211605,38.212999,38.213004,38.214023,38.214047,38.214168,38.214309,38.21448,38.215082,38.215286,38.215451,38.215628,38.215808,38.215947,38.216121,38.2162,38.216567,38.21681,38.216934,38.217072,38.21731,38.217548,38.217653,38.217842,38.218006,38.218148,38.218296,38.218467,38.218661,38.219366,38.219647,38.220095,38.220587,38.220717,38.221034,38.221205,38.221437,38.221855,38.22263,38.222926,38.22309,38.22329,38.223503,38.223722,38.223952,38.224077,38.224216,38.22438,38.224546,38.225046,38.225168,38.225329,38.225501,38.225675,38.225858,38.226133,38.22647,38.226872,38.227085,38.227252,38.228262,38.228777,38.229435,38.229819,38.229946,38.229993,38.230136,38.230307,38.230451,38.230556,38.230654,38.230767,38.230998,38.231203,38.231271,38.231304,38.231405,38.231549,38.231649,38.231791,38.23195,38.232095,38.232309,38.232469,38.232908,38.233226,38.233412,38.233539,38.233628,38.233794,38.233969,38.234122,38.23428,38.234444,38.234589,38.234748,38.234939,38.235062,38.235201,38.235395,38.235873,38.236094,38.236278,38.236435,38.2366,38.236805,38.237,38.237205,38.237327,38.237473,38.23769,38.238323,38.238518,38.238719,38.238897,38.239042,38.239203,38.240512,38.240678,38.241189,38.241547,38.241708,38.241892,38.24255,38.242707,38.242833,38.243093,38.243301,38.243473,38.243565,38.243621,38.243738,38.244189,38.24427,38.244447,38.244591,38.244735,38.244879,38.24499,38.245185,38.245474,38.245653,38.245776,38.245914,38.246001,38.246472,38.247079,38.247258,38.247669,38.247753,38.247871,38.248043,38.248088,38.24816,38.248236,38.248344,38.248531,38.24875,38.248916,38.249073,38.249973,38.250137,38.25025,38.250368,38.250472,38.250555,38.250628,38.250774,38.251146,38.251168,38.251226,38.251256,38.251287,38.251318,38.251365]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.54541,-78.545289,-78.54524,-78.544498,-78.543773,-78.543982,-78.544373,-78.544464,-78.544681,-78.544637,-78.544528,-78.543929,-78.542855,-78.542015,-78.541837,-78.540652,-78.539912,-78.539072,-78.537792,-78.536564,-78.535365,-78.534025,-78.533035,-78.531877,-78.531082,-78.530859,-78.529743,-78.528724,-78.527497,-78.526803,-78.526325,-78.52554,-78.524944,-78.523959,-78.523814,-78.522792,-78.523549,-78.524833,-78.525698,-78.525781,-78.526173,-78.526424,-78.525881,-78.525166,-78.524789,-78.524615,-78.524305,-78.52373,-78.523189,-78.522701,-78.522412,-78.521948,-78.521441,-78.520971,-78.519715,-78.519441,-78.518641,-78.518502,-78.518545,-78.518575,-78.518683,-78.518632,-78.518359,-78.517979,-78.51755,-78.517304,-78.517048,-78.516954,-78.516968,-78.517031,-78.517174,-78.517136,-78.516829,-78.516421,-78.515793,-78.515141,-78.514416,-78.512954,-78.511945,-78.51108,-78.510159,-78.509,-78.508023,-78.507444,-78.506614,-78.50586,-78.50488,-78.503725,-78.503034,-78.502689,-78.501715,-78.500989,-78.499995,-78.499527,-78.499397,-78.499115,-78.499147,-78.498948,-78.498822,-78.498431,-78.497611,-78.496742,-78.496045,-78.49543,-78.494847,-78.493881,-78.493214,-78.493141,-78.493647,-78.494118,-78.494289,-78.494355,-78.493842,-78.493228,-78.492329,-78.491455,-78.490715,-78.490324,-78.489842,-78.489221,-78.489123,-78.488648,-78.488109,-78.487587,-78.486721,-78.486819,-78.486903,-78.48707,-78.487251,-78.487233,-78.48707,-78.486763,-78.486249,-78.485876,-78.48574,-78.485699,-78.485573,-78.485042,-78.484583,-78.484246,-78.484124,-78.484065,-78.484038,-78.484021,-78.483902,-78.483576,-78.483347,-78.483219,-78.482913,-78.482658,-78.482239,-78.481647,-78.480431,-78.479664,-78.478938,-78.478222,-78.477803,-78.47719,-78.476566,-78.476802,-78.477061,-78.477191,-78.477488,-78.477714,-78.477908,-78.477918,-78.477955,-78.47797,-78.47796,-78.477868,-78.477767,-78.477702,-78.47768,-78.477614,-78.477573,-78.477645,-78.477728,-78.477726,-78.477724,-78.477722,-78.477718,-78.477585,-78.477401,-78.477361,-78.477271,-78.476961,-78.476523,-78.476196,-78.47591,-78.475892,-78.475889,-78.475856,-78.475833,-78.475777,-78.475491,-78.474878,-78.474408,-78.474153,-78.474133,-78.474328,-78.473909,-78.473429,-78.473112,-78.472693,-78.472509,-78.472192,-78.47165,-78.469718,-78.469539,-78.469359,-78.468132,-78.467651,-78.466894,-78.466035,-78.465073,-78.465165,-78.465381,-78.465443,-78.465464,-78.465209,-78.464964,-78.464699,-78.464208,-78.463554,-78.463217,-78.462685,-78.462113,-78.461918,-78.461796,-78.461858,-78.462155,-78.462237,-78.462494,-78.462573,-78.462586,-78.462615,-78.462658,-78.462658,-78.46228,-78.462067,-78.461964,-78.461735,-78.461452,-78.460962,-78.460543,-78.460195,-78.460103,-78.459947,-78.459848,-78.459741,-78.459439,-78.458754,-78.458017,-78.457711,-78.45764,-78.457712,-78.457651,-78.457621,-78.457547,-78.457416,-78.457294,-78.457236,-78.457162,-78.457079,-78.457008,-78.456844,-78.456456,-78.456282,-78.45617,-78.455966,-78.455495,-78.455025,-78.454472,-78.453828,-78.453378,-78.453166,-78.453043,-78.452871,-78.452801,-78.452515,-78.451962,-78.451214,-78.450507,-78.449934,-78.449699,-78.448767,-78.448357,-78.448286,-78.448091,-78.447845,-78.447425,-78.447281,-78.447286,-78.447295,-78.447286,-78.447231,-78.447115,-78.446664,-78.446092,-78.445876,-78.445729,-78.445438,-78.445324,-78.445083,-78.4449,-78.444041,-78.443647,-78.443624,-78.443597,-78.443573,-78.443551,-78.443531,-78.443514,-78.443495,-78.44348,-78.443467,-78.443455,-78.443445,-78.443437,-78.443432,-78.443429,-78.443427,-78.443426,-78.443424,-78.443421,-78.443419,-78.443417,-78.443414,-78.443412,-78.443408,-78.443403,-78.443397,-78.44339,-78.443382,-78.443373,-78.443365,-78.443352,-78.443336,-78.443318,-78.443298,-78.443277,-78.443255,-78.443232,-78.443213,-78.443193,-78.443172,-78.44315,-78.443128,-78.443106,-78.443087,-78.443067,-78.443047,-78.443026,-78.443005,-78.442984,-78.442961,-78.442938,-78.442915,-78.442891,-78.442867,-78.442843,-78.442789,-78.442734,-78.442708,-78.442664,-78.442628,-78.442594,-78.442561,-78.442528,-78.442495,-78.442459,-78.442419,-78.442378,-78.442335,-78.442288,-78.442242,-78.442195,-78.442146,-78.442073,-78.442043,-78.442013,-78.441983,-78.441952,-78.441921,-78.44189,-78.441873,-78.441839,-78.441804,-78.441766,-78.441723,-78.44168,-78.441633,-78.441581,-78.441529,-78.44148,-78.441434,-78.441388,-78.441346,-78.441307,-78.441268,-78.441228,-78.441186,-78.441144,-78.4411,-78.441053,-78.441007,-78.440954,-78.440895,-78.440836,-78.440785,-78.440742,-78.440699,-78.440663,-78.440633,-78.440605,-78.440578,-78.440554,-78.440532,-78.440509,-78.440488,-78.440467,-78.440446,-78.440412,-78.440401,-78.440361,-78.44034,-78.440304,-78.440278,-78.440253,-78.440233,-78.44022,-78.440212,-78.440203,-78.440195,-78.440187,-78.440177,-78.440164,-78.44015,-78.440134,-78.440116,-78.440098,-78.440081,-78.440033,-78.439982,-78.439929,-78.439894,-78.439858,-78.439819,-78.439785,-78.439748,-78.43971,-78.439671,-78.439629,-78.439587,-78.43955,-78.439511,-78.439476,-78.43945,-78.439403,-78.439362,-78.439328,-78.4393,-78.439288,-78.439276,-78.439265,-78.439252,-78.439239,-78.439227,-78.439216,-78.439206,-78.439198,-78.439192,-78.439185,-78.439178,-78.439166,-78.439153,-78.439139,-78.439122,-78.439103,-78.439081,-78.439054,-78.439025,-78.438991,-78.438956,-78.438921,-78.438883,-78.438837,-78.438782,-78.438725,-78.438676,-78.438631,-78.438587,-78.438531,-78.43848,-78.43843,-78.438399,-78.438369,-78.438334,-78.438304,-78.438258,-78.438227,-78.438193,-78.438158,-78.438122,-78.438084,-78.438043,-78.438,-78.437956,-78.43791,-78.437863,-78.437815,-78.437778,-78.43775,-78.437722,-78.437696,-78.437671,-78.437647,-78.437613,-78.437593,-78.437564,-78.437535,-78.437515,-78.437495,-78.437473,-78.43745,-78.437409,-78.437364,-78.437319,-78.437285,-78.437251,-78.43722,-78.437191,-78.437165,-78.437141,-78.437117,-78.437081,-78.437056,-78.43703,-78.436992,-78.436964,-78.436937,-78.436909,-78.436864,-78.436819,-78.436776,-78.436752,-78.436728,-78.436703,-78.436673,-78.43664,-78.436609,-78.436576,-78.436556,-78.436522,-78.43648,-78.436431,-78.436392,-78.436345,-78.436329,-78.436312,-78.436296,-78.436282,-78.436271,-78.436264,-78.436259,-78.436254,-78.43625,-78.436246,-78.436241,-78.436232,-78.436223,-78.436212,-78.436201,-78.436191,-78.436182,-78.436175,-78.436166,-78.436159,-78.436152,-78.436147,-78.436144,-78.436143,-78.436143,-78.436143,-78.436147,-78.43615,-78.436155,-78.436161,-78.436168,-78.436182,-78.43619,-78.436195,-78.436198,-78.436197,-78.436192,-78.436184,-78.43618,-78.436168,-78.436153,-78.436136,-78.436118,-78.436098,-78.436087,-78.436074,-78.436048,-78.436019,-78.435984,-78.435965,-78.435945,-78.4359,-78.435857,-78.43583,-78.435804,-78.435779,-78.435753,-78.435728,-78.435706,-78.435687,-78.435672,-78.435659,-78.435646,-78.435636,-78.435629,-78.435623,-78.43562,-78.435619,-78.43562,-78.435625,-78.435631,-78.435635,-78.435643,-78.435647,-78.435651,-78.435655,-78.435659,-78.435662,-78.435662,-78.43566,-78.435656,-78.435653,-78.435649,-78.435644,-78.435637,-78.435628,-78.435619,-78.435608,-78.435597,-78.435585,-78.435566,-78.435546,-78.435524,-78.435501,-78.435478,-78.435455,-78.435426,-78.435396,-78.435369,-78.435336,-78.435304,-78.435272,-78.435257,-78.435225,-78.435195,-78.43517,-78.435149,-78.43513,-78.435106,-78.435093,-78.435081,-78.43507,-78.435053,-78.435042,-78.435035,-78.435032,-78.435033,-78.435037,-78.435045,-78.435054,-78.435066,-78.435074,-78.435083,-78.435093,-78.435103,-78.435112,-78.435117,-78.435122,-78.435125,-78.435126,-78.435126,-78.43513,-78.435139,-78.435151,-78.435165,-78.435186,-78.435211,-78.435236,-78.435257,-78.435279,-78.435298,-78.435313,-78.435325,-78.435332,-78.435332,-78.435328,-78.435316,-78.435298,-78.435277,-78.435243,-78.435217,-78.435161,-78.435101,-78.435055,-78.435007,-78.434982,-78.434958,-78.434938,-78.434907,-78.43489,-78.434904,-78.434947,-78.435012,-78.435107,-78.43524,-78.435344,-78.435432,-78.435508,-78.435584,-78.435638,-78.435696,-78.435735,-78.435751,-78.435739,-78.435711,-78.435709,-78.435734,-78.435816,-78.435896,-78.435975,-78.436065,-78.436157,-78.436232,-78.436292,-78.436329,-78.436359,-78.436412,-78.436464,-78.436514,-78.436562,-78.436635,-78.436718,-78.436797,-78.436865,-78.436931,-78.436976,-78.43702,-78.437093,-78.437157,-78.437217,-78.437252,-78.437272,-78.437264,-78.437233,-78.437186,-78.43716,-78.437164,-78.437184,-78.437211,-78.437246,-78.437296,-78.437331,-78.437347,-78.437328,-78.437288,-78.43721,-78.437143,-78.437078,-78.43702,-78.436956,-78.436915,-78.436888,-78.43688,-78.436887,-78.436903,-78.436902,-78.436878,-78.43683,-78.436763,-78.436709,-78.436654,-78.436614,-78.436596,-78.436593,-78.436609,-78.436632,-78.436652,-78.436678,-78.436717,-78.436761,-78.4368,-78.436814,-78.436816,-78.436813,-78.436804,-78.436781,-78.436748,-78.436684,-78.436605,-78.436513,-78.436435,-78.436379,-78.436339,-78.436325,-78.436348,-78.436416,-78.436465,-78.43652,-78.43656,-78.436564,-78.436553,-78.436518,-78.43646,-78.436403,-78.436339,-78.436253,-78.436195,-78.436154,-78.436133,-78.436131,-78.436148,-78.436171,-78.436173,-78.436169,-78.436164,-78.436168,-78.436183,-78.436212,-78.436257,-78.436323,-78.436365,-78.436358,-78.436307,-78.436259,-78.436238,-78.436249,-78.436284,-78.436311,-78.436385,-78.436467,-78.436557,-78.436686,-78.43675,-78.436839,-78.436895,-78.436933,-78.436934,-78.436918,-78.43691,-78.436895,-78.436877,-78.43684,-78.436798,-78.43675,-78.436702,-78.436643,-78.436608,-78.436576,-78.436494,-78.436414,-78.436269,-78.436157,-78.436071,-78.435986,-78.435913,-78.435876,-78.435838,-78.435801,-78.43577,-78.435743,-78.43573,-78.435702,-78.435674,-78.435652,-78.435618,-78.435546,-78.43547,-78.435386,-78.435292,-78.435227,-78.435161,-78.435119,-78.435091,-78.435058,-78.435014,-78.434985,-78.434967,-78.434973,-78.434994,-78.435013,-78.435015,-78.435009,-78.43498,-78.434936,-78.434886,-78.434811,-78.434722,-78.434637,-78.434548,-78.434456,-78.434356,-78.434277,-78.434217,-78.434127,-78.434061,-78.434017,-78.434004,-78.433978,-78.433948,-78.433942,-78.433948,-78.433993,-78.434076,-78.434154,-78.434242,-78.434332,-78.434453,-78.434556,-78.434624,-78.434661,-78.434649,-78.434609,-78.434562,-78.434527,-78.434528,-78.434551,-78.434545,-78.434527,-78.434508,-78.434503,-78.434511,-78.434537,-78.434564,-78.434583,-78.434582,-78.434569,-78.434546,-78.434505,-78.43446,-78.434384,-78.434316,-78.434188,-78.434115,-78.434047,-78.433968,-78.43393,-78.433899,-78.433865,-78.433825,-78.433809,-78.43382,-78.433845,-78.433871,-78.433899,-78.433928,-78.43396,-78.433988,-78.434008,-78.434034,-78.434061,-78.434095,-78.434148,-78.434203,-78.434251,-78.434286,-78.434321,-78.43432,-78.434318,-78.434309,-78.434299,-78.434284,-78.434268,-78.434251,-78.434228,-78.434203,-78.434171,-78.434133,-78.434072,-78.434026,-78.433983,-78.433928,-78.433842,-78.433792,-78.433776,-78.433767,-78.433768,-78.433775,-78.433784,-78.433799,-78.43381,-78.433808,-78.433821,-78.433782,-78.4338,-78.433809,-78.433816,-78.433831,-78.433828,-78.433794,-78.433736,-78.433647,-78.433584,-78.433556,-78.433454,-78.433454,-78.433459,-78.433474,-78.433468,-78.433453,-78.433454,-78.433483,-78.433549,-78.433583,-78.433612,-78.433631,-78.433644,-78.433651,-78.43364,-78.433621,-78.433642,-78.433692,-78.433701,-78.433705,-78.433726,-78.433744,-78.433817,-78.433905,-78.433977,-78.434016,-78.434023,-78.434011,-78.434018,-78.43405,-78.434093,-78.434101,-78.434152,-78.434264,-78.434397,-78.434488,-78.434575,-78.434624,-78.434677,-78.434637,-78.434612,-78.434624,-78.434655,-78.434701,-78.43474,-78.434747,-78.434775,-78.43479,-78.434762,-78.434722,-78.434644,-78.434534,-78.434429,-78.434282,-78.434187,-78.43417,-78.434167,-78.434165,-78.43415,-78.434148,-78.434153,-78.434152,-78.434149,-78.434147,-78.434148,-78.434156,-78.434184,-78.434276,-78.434496,-78.434642,-78.434715,-78.434885,-78.435038,-78.435175,-78.435463,-78.435627,-78.43582,-78.435986,-78.436122,-78.436249,-78.436375,-78.4365,-78.436626,-78.436683,-78.436741,-78.436777,-78.436837,-78.436982,-78.437071,-78.437135,-78.437271,-78.437317,-78.437467,-78.437483,-78.437504,-78.438251,-78.438446,-78.438495,-78.43854,-78.438567,-78.438592,-78.438705,-78.438841,-78.438888,-78.438905,-78.438861,-78.438787,-78.438628,-78.438485,-78.438265,-78.43808,-78.437945,-78.437871,-78.437839,-78.437829,-78.437839,-78.437929,-78.438109,-78.438243,-78.438376,-78.438432,-78.438469,-78.43853,-78.438608,-78.438688,-78.43879,-78.438936,-78.439091,-78.439294,-78.439521,-78.439889,-78.43998,-78.440225,-78.44038,-78.440499,-78.440605,-78.440714,-78.440769,-78.440823,-78.440839,-78.440836,-78.440801,-78.440758,-78.44067,-78.440565,-78.440484,-78.440381,-78.440271,-78.440169,-78.440069,-78.439986,-78.439898,-78.439798,-78.439683,-78.439558,-78.439443,-78.439397,-78.439331,-78.439294,-78.43928,-78.439251,-78.439224,-78.439235,-78.439271,-78.439325,-78.439394,-78.439527,-78.439635,-78.439726,-78.439793,-78.439867,-78.439906,-78.439905,-78.439865,-78.439785,-78.439681,-78.439593,-78.439488,-78.439453,-78.439349,-78.439185,-78.439086,-78.438893,-78.438468,-78.438336,-78.438198,-78.43812,-78.438066,-78.438038,-78.438027,-78.438024,-78.438049,-78.438091,-78.4382,-78.43831,-78.438436,-78.43852,-78.438545,-78.438546,-78.438529,-78.438512,-78.438495,-78.43847,-78.438437,-78.438386,-78.438277,-78.438126,-78.437933,-78.437807,-78.437715,-78.437623,-78.437564,-78.437531,-78.437531,-78.437506,-78.437472,-78.437434,-78.437328,-78.437241,-78.43721,-78.437204,-78.437235,-78.437316,-78.437348,-78.437348,-78.437329,-78.437298,-78.437217,-78.437111,-78.437049,-78.437006,-78.437018,-78.437046,-78.437101,-78.437094,-78.437062,-78.436992,-78.43689,-78.436796,-78.436741,-78.436741,-78.436788,-78.436843,-78.436899,-78.436883,-78.436836,-78.436789,-78.436718,-78.436616,-78.436546,-78.436083,-78.43478,-78.434329,-78.433946,-78.433506,-78.433184,-78.432972,-78.432666,-78.432551,-78.432383,-78.432263,-78.432118,-78.431944,-78.431782,-78.431481,-78.431144,-78.430988,-78.430765,-78.430537,-78.430338,-78.4302,-78.430068,-78.42996,-78.429857,-78.429671,-78.429328,-78.42904,-78.428902,-78.428836,-78.428781,-78.428763,-78.428758,-78.42877,-78.428788,-78.428791,-78.428816,-78.428837,-78.428837,-78.428817,-78.42877,-78.428649,-78.42864,-78.428623,-78.428549,-78.428502,-78.428415,-78.428268,-78.427973,-78.427792,-78.427752,-78.427544,-78.427426,-78.427356,-78.427088,-78.426948,-78.426753,-78.426654,-78.426516,-78.426384,-78.426308,-78.426283,-78.426233,-78.426215,-78.426196,-78.426128,-78.426103,-78.426022,-78.425984,-78.425936,-78.425828,-78.425734,-78.42568,-78.425665,-78.425643,-78.425625,-78.425549,-78.425514,-78.425465,-78.425409,-78.425347,-78.425273,-78.42524,-78.425169,-78.425025,-78.424728,-78.424603,-78.424387,-78.42411,-78.423934,-78.423755,-78.423663,-78.423626,-78.4237,-78.423931,-78.424236,-78.424366,-78.424458,-78.424578,-78.424689,-78.424791,-78.425004,-78.425475,-78.425688,-78.42583,-78.42599,-78.426083,-78.426168,-78.426269,-78.426395,-78.42658,-78.426791,-78.426959,-78.426997,-78.427036,-78.427067,-78.427085,-78.427161,-78.427178,-78.42719,-78.42722,-78.427207,-78.427157,-78.427115,-78.427026,-78.426936,-78.426881,-78.426861,-78.426854,-78.426854,-78.426857,-78.426885,-78.426947,-78.427002,-78.427071,-78.427127,-78.427241,-78.427365,-78.427503,-78.42763,-78.427727,-78.427817,-78.427865,-78.427939,-78.427987,-78.428057,-78.428187,-78.428249,-78.428272,-78.428283,-78.428309,-78.428307,-78.428281,-78.428277,-78.428273,-78.428281,-78.428294,-78.428338,-78.428454,-78.428521,-78.428683,-78.428731,-78.42874,-78.428731,-78.42871,-78.428688,-78.428655,-78.428609,-78.428435,-78.428359,-78.42829,-78.428169,-78.428131,-78.428113,-78.42811,-78.428113,-78.428122,-78.428141,-78.428212,-78.42862,-78.428815,-78.42892,-78.428993,-78.429171,-78.429249,-78.429301,-78.429403,-78.42956,-78.429625,-78.429674,-78.42969,-78.429675,-78.429626,-78.429407,-78.429254,-78.429149,-78.429076,-78.429012,-78.428955,-78.428834,-78.428784,-78.428739,-78.428675,-78.428412,-78.428333,-78.428303,-78.428254,-78.428234,-78.428166,-78.427968,-78.427859,-78.427784,-78.427705,-78.427641,-78.427591,-78.427492,-78.427358,-78.427273,-78.427169,-78.427075,-78.42695,-78.426869,-78.426699,-78.426595,-78.426523,-78.426456,-78.426318,-78.426248,-78.426032,-78.425935,-78.425848,-78.425748,-78.42562,-78.425492,-78.425363,-78.425268,-78.425186,-78.425078,-78.425022,-78.424961,-78.424901,-78.424849,-78.424811,-78.424763,-78.42463,-78.424526,-78.424449,-78.424384,-78.424272,-78.423866,-78.423746,-78.423698,-78.423651,-78.423621,-78.423599,-78.423565,-78.423534,-78.423483,-78.423465,-78.423427,-78.423276,-78.423239,-78.423153,-78.423104,-78.423031,-78.422939,-78.422793,-78.422714,-78.422554,-78.42233,-78.422151,-78.422042,-78.421891,-78.421814,-78.421818,-78.421853,-78.421913,-78.421952,-78.421923,-78.421847,-78.421711,-78.421495,-78.421384,-78.421297,-78.421259,-78.421217,-78.421153,-78.421118,-78.42108,-78.421035,-78.421008,-78.420814,-78.420631,-78.420448,-78.42033,-78.420234,-78.420147,-78.420055,-78.420006,-78.419953,-78.41988,-78.419701,-78.419507,-78.419361,-78.419273,-78.419157,-78.419089,-78.419014,-78.418885,-78.418837,-78.418796,-78.418742,-78.418653,-78.418558,-78.41848,-78.418404,-78.418339,-78.418285,-78.4182,-78.4181,-78.418037,-78.417974,-78.417943,-78.417896,-78.417821,-78.417711,-78.417573,-78.417472,-78.417444,-78.417417,-78.417375,-78.41734,-78.417308,-78.417273,-78.417238,-78.417193,-78.417131,-78.416772,-78.416702,-78.41663,-78.416545,-78.416441,-78.416353,-78.416276,-78.416216,-78.416119,-78.416057,-78.415995,-78.41596,-78.415925,-78.415893,-78.415865,-78.415838,-78.415816,-78.415798,-78.415781,-78.415763,-78.415752,-78.415727,-78.415707,-78.415704,-78.415704,-78.415721,-78.415761,-78.415934,-78.416124,-78.41642,-78.416569,-78.416578,-78.416539,-78.416513,-78.416504,-78.416537,-78.416555,-78.416511,-78.416392,-78.416262,-78.415969,-78.41557,-78.415456,-78.415398,-78.415355,-78.415312,-78.41526,-78.415149,-78.415058,-78.415037,-78.414951,-78.414864,-78.414761,-78.414572,-78.414446,-78.414349,-78.414257,-78.414191,-78.414121,-78.41404,-78.413741,-78.413644,-78.41353,-78.413421,-78.413166,-78.413085,-78.412966,-78.412873,-78.412797,-78.412671,-78.412512,-78.412298,-78.412033,-78.411804,-78.411616,-78.411557,-78.411543,-78.411583,-78.41162,-78.411661,-78.411786,-78.411959,-78.412088,-78.412232,-78.412472,-78.412689,-78.412713,-78.412758,-78.412786,-78.412799,-78.412793,-78.412812,-78.412787,-78.412744,-78.412674,-78.412597,-78.412484,-78.412355,-78.412171,-78.411943,-78.411812,-78.411613,-78.411599,-78.411523,-78.411407,-78.411305,-78.411218,-78.411141,-78.411039,-78.410952,-78.41091,-78.410836,-78.410741,-78.410681,-78.410633,-78.410554,-78.410502,-78.410465,-78.410431,-78.410433,-78.410447,-78.410452,-78.410455,-78.410455,-78.410452,-78.410457,-78.410487,-78.410508,-78.410539,-78.410554,-78.410563,-78.410555,-78.410547,-78.410539,-78.410524,-78.410492,-78.410468,-78.410424,-78.410361,-78.410209,-78.410023,-78.409876,-78.4098,-78.409702,-78.409615,-78.40956,-78.409498,-78.409455,-78.409387,-78.409282,-78.409189,-78.409115,-78.40901,-78.408966,-78.408917,-78.408873,-78.408833,-78.408809,-78.408784,-78.408772,-78.40876,-78.408754,-78.408751,-78.408757,-78.408788,-78.408825,-78.408828,-78.408828,-78.408803,-78.408776,-78.408758,-78.408764,-78.408764,-78.408727,-78.408653,-78.408622,-78.408569,-78.408492,-78.40843,-78.408361,-78.408277,-78.408184,-78.408138,-78.4081,-78.408038,-78.407935,-78.407893,-78.407832,-78.407686,-78.407601,-78.407554,-78.407493,-78.407438,-78.407389,-78.407346,-78.407303,-78.407254,-78.407205,-78.407174,-78.406997,-78.406899,-78.406813,-78.406727,-78.406598,-78.406416,-78.406162,-78.406038,-78.405841,-78.40576,-78.405741,-78.405883,-78.405981,-78.405998,-78.405999,-78.406006,-78.405998,-78.405986,-78.405962,-78.405924,-78.405834,-78.405725,-78.405629,-78.405576,-78.405394,-78.405212,-78.405062,-78.40504,-78.404971,-78.404884,-78.404761,-78.404694,-78.404643,-78.404599,-78.404548,-78.404508,-78.404486,-78.404471,-78.40446,-78.404453,-78.404472,-78.404476,-78.404469,-78.404453,-78.404429,-78.404386,-78.404295,-78.404184,-78.404137,-78.404114,-78.404097,-78.404074,-78.40403,-78.403974,-78.403931,-78.40386,-78.403658,-78.403563,-78.40351,-78.403468,-78.403411,-78.403373,-78.403335,-78.403235,-78.403042,-78.402913,-78.40272,-78.402644,-78.402614,-78.402572,-78.402536,-78.402498,-78.402441,-78.402385,-78.402233,-78.402075,-78.401957,-78.401822,-78.40169,-78.401661,-78.401625,-78.401591,-78.401552,-78.401495,-78.401405,-78.401381,-78.401338,-78.401297,-78.40126,-78.401232,-78.401181,-78.401144,-78.401122,-78.401108,-78.401067,-78.400992,-78.400859,-78.400796,-78.400721,-78.400673,-78.400636,-78.400583,-78.400514,-78.400418,-78.400147,-78.400028,-78.399941,-78.399854,-78.399779,-78.399675,-78.39961,-78.399511,-78.399243,-78.398867,-78.398704,-78.398511,-78.3984,-78.398299,-78.398176,-78.398017,-78.397777,-78.397698,-78.397558,-78.397381,-78.397259,-78.397103,-78.396993,-78.396868,-78.396712,-78.396526,-78.396448,-78.396336,-78.396189,-78.396053,-78.395933,-78.395809,-78.395712,-78.395623,-78.395554,-78.395495,-78.395391,-78.395298,-78.395154,-78.39505,-78.394957,-78.394883,-78.394849,-78.394783,-78.394672,-78.394473,-78.3944,-78.394367,-78.394319,-78.394275,-78.394169,-78.394072,-78.393992,-78.393965,-78.393946,-78.393925,-78.393906,-78.3939,-78.393896,-78.393902,-78.393913,-78.393966,-78.394118,-78.394155,-78.394203,-78.394218,-78.394368,-78.394445,-78.39445,-78.394436,-78.394422,-78.394393,-78.394321,-78.394258,-78.393988,-78.393752,-78.393575,-78.39344,-78.39331,-78.393163,-78.392998,-78.392898,-78.392798,-78.392609,-78.392403,-78.392202,-78.392066,-78.391907,-78.391817,-78.391761,-78.391716,-78.391626,-78.391547,-78.391446,-78.391356,-78.391239,-78.391159,-78.391069,-78.391035,-78.390931,-78.3909,-78.390879,-78.390841,-78.390831,-78.390791,-78.390733,-78.390704,-78.390675,-78.39064,-78.390599,-78.390547,-78.390488,-78.390407,-78.390323,-78.390261,-78.390157,-78.390069,-78.389975,-78.389853,-78.38969,-78.389556,-78.389518,-78.389416,-78.389224,-78.389156,-78.389147,-78.38906,-78.388778,-78.388581,-78.388445,-78.388359,-78.388264,-78.388132,-78.388057,-78.387966,-78.387815,-78.387567,-78.387315,-78.387002,-78.386779,-78.386676,-78.386322,-78.386225,-78.386155,-78.386114,-78.38607,-78.386045,-78.385958,-78.385901,-78.385834,-78.385766,-78.385697,-78.385616,-78.385544,-78.385455,-78.385384,-78.38534,-78.385244,-78.385119,-78.385033,-78.384947,-78.384908,-78.384891,-78.384882,-78.384823,-78.384797,-78.384764,-78.384665,-78.384467,-78.384349,-78.384223,-78.38399,-78.383861,-78.38378,-78.383661,-78.383637,-78.383434,-78.383323,-78.383189,-78.383097,-78.383057,-78.383026,-78.383009,-78.382992,-78.383032,-78.38305,-78.383064,-78.383068,-78.383061,-78.383043,-78.383014,-78.382971,-78.382939,-78.382907,-78.382875,-78.382853,-78.382828,-78.382811,-78.382782,-78.382768,-78.38275,-78.382716,-78.382671,-78.382635,-78.382209,-78.382098,-78.38194,-78.381876,-78.381816,-78.381739,-78.381689,-78.381612,-78.381558,-78.381494,-78.381424,-78.38134,-78.381293,-78.380532,-78.380382,-78.380254,-78.380147,-78.379926,-78.379711,-78.3795,-78.379148,-78.378647,-78.378452,-78.378295,-78.378118,-78.377975,-78.377771,-78.377433,-78.377297,-78.377204,-78.377116,-78.377073,-78.376977,-78.376869,-78.376796,-78.376681,-78.376566,-78.376433,-78.376292,-78.376199,-78.376094,-78.37598,-78.375882,-78.375792,-78.375677,-78.375552,-78.375474,-78.37542,-78.374852,-78.374737,-78.37463,-78.374543,-78.37446,-78.374368,-78.374248,-78.374126,-78.373966,-78.373805,-78.373665,-78.373439,-78.373209,-78.372992,-78.372875,-78.372741,-78.372278,-78.372096,-78.371929,-78.371806,-78.371587,-78.371305,-78.371031,-78.370898,-78.370747,-78.370564,-78.37045,-78.370305,-78.369951,-78.369606,-78.369502,-78.369449,-78.369416,-78.369395,-78.369369,-78.369241,-78.369184,-78.369139,-78.369098,-78.369039,-78.368952,-78.368807,-78.368719,-78.36858,-78.368478,-78.368424,-78.368386,-78.368303,-78.368218,-78.368109,-78.367729,-78.367576,-78.367464,-78.367342,-78.367267,-78.367196,-78.367018,-78.366852,-78.366716,-78.366584,-78.366342,-78.36603,-78.365933,-78.365899,-78.365763,-78.3657,-78.365631,-78.365579,-78.365515,-78.365457,-78.365388,-78.365313,-78.365261,-78.365152,-78.364985,-78.364939,-78.364904,-78.364831,-78.364746,-78.364616,-78.364476,-78.36431,-78.36417,-78.36403,-78.36388,-78.363834,-78.36382,-78.36381,-78.36381,-78.363834,-78.363862,-78.36389,-78.363946,-78.364036,-78.364127,-78.364157,-78.364239,-78.364402,-78.364582,-78.364722,-78.364787,-78.364833,-78.365003,-78.365289,-78.365413,-78.365551,-78.365679,-78.365744,-78.365772,-78.36579,-78.365808,-78.36581,-78.365807,-78.365781,-78.365755,-78.365718,-78.365662,-78.3656,-78.365529,-78.365444,-78.365341,-78.3653,-78.36523,-78.365191,-78.365134,-78.365064,-78.364694,-78.364371,-78.363831,-78.3637,-78.363526,-78.363374,-78.363247,-78.363069,-78.362885,-78.362523,-78.362226,-78.362015,-78.361875,-78.361761,-78.361666,-78.361595,-78.361442,-78.361289,-78.36122,-78.361213,-78.361228,-78.361241,-78.361361,-78.361431,-78.361779,-78.362312,-78.36239,-78.362469,-78.362469,-78.362422,-78.362326,-78.362264,-78.362174,-78.362056,-78.361893,-78.361848,-78.3618,-78.361712,-78.361601,-78.361543,-78.361483,-78.361429,-78.361359,-78.361287,-78.36122,-78.361142,-78.361017,-78.36078,-78.3607,-78.360599,-78.360535,-78.36045,-78.360358,-78.360233,-78.360077,-78.359958,-78.359842,-78.359735,-78.359659,-78.359527,-78.359241,-78.359021,-78.358874,-78.358752,-78.358644,-78.358549,-78.358453,-78.358269,-78.358162,-78.35807,-78.357993,-78.357913,-78.357809,-78.357752,-78.35769,-78.357667,-78.357648,-78.357629,-78.357618,-78.357608,-78.357603,-78.357537,-78.357543,-78.357549,-78.357559,-78.357579,-78.357634,-78.357724,-78.357848,-78.357929,-78.358001,-78.358175,-78.358364,-78.358496,-78.35863,-78.35869,-78.358739,-78.358838,-78.358936,-78.359039,-78.359182,-78.359259,-78.359463,-78.359619,-78.359801,-78.360058,-78.361057,-78.361201,-78.361538,-78.361824,-78.362096,-78.362275,-78.362455,-78.362654,-78.362817,-78.363174,-78.363521,-78.363814,-78.363987,-78.364118,-78.364306,-78.364498,-78.365159,-78.365294,-78.365415,-78.365441,-78.365456,-78.365469,-78.365482,-78.3655,-78.365506,-78.365568,-78.365638,-78.365739,-78.36584,-78.365957,-78.366002,-78.366131,-78.366269,-78.366361,-78.366483,-78.366553,-78.36659,-78.366607,-78.366585,-78.366556,-78.366479,-78.366365,-78.366237,-78.366058,-78.365932,-78.365862,-78.365796,-78.365647,-78.365626,-78.365544,-78.365492,-78.365383,-78.365303,-78.365223,-78.365153,-78.365078,-78.365013,-78.364937,-78.364842,-78.364717,-78.364562,-78.364311,-78.363861,-78.362934,-78.362624,-78.362393,-78.362234,-78.361782,-78.361497,-78.361324,-78.36113,-78.360901,-78.360672,-78.360545,-78.360423,-78.360331,-78.360224,-78.360107,-78.359935,-78.359635,-78.359391,-78.359188,-78.359051,-78.359,-78.358969,-78.358944,-78.358929,-78.358914,-78.358834,-78.358817,-78.358787,-78.3587,-78.358643,-78.358485,-78.358301,-78.358213,-78.358113,-78.358008,-78.35792,-78.357847,-78.357761,-78.35768,-78.35737,-78.35702,-78.356767,-78.3566,-78.356509,-78.356394,-78.356244,-78.356066,-78.355865,-78.355681,-78.355376,-78.354951,-78.354669,-78.354439,-78.35399,-78.353583,-78.353213,-78.352632,-78.352182,-78.352119,-78.351846,-78.351083,-78.351003,-78.350888,-78.350505,-78.350243,-78.350008,-78.349828,-78.349571,-78.349,-78.348617,-78.34849,-78.348396,-78.348342,-78.348262,-78.348195,-78.347973,-78.347899,-78.347832,-78.347786,-78.347773,-78.347779,-78.34784,-78.347896,-78.347913,-78.34792,-78.347932,-78.347982,-78.348051,-78.348213,-78.348319,-78.348425,-78.348531,-78.348688,-78.348837,-78.349087,-78.349219,-78.3493,-78.349413,-78.34949,-78.349533,-78.349512,-78.349481,-78.349398,-78.34922,-78.349011,-78.34877,-78.34855,-78.348498,-78.348499,-78.34851,-78.348541,-78.348584,-78.348673,-78.348911,-78.349211,-78.349898,-78.350314,-78.350336,-78.350355,-78.350366,-78.350402,-78.350402,-78.350399,-78.350321,-78.350261,-78.350191,-78.349931,-78.349721,-78.349501,-78.349363,-78.349284,-78.349153,-78.348971,-78.348616,-78.348473,-78.348367,-78.34811,-78.348011,-78.347869,-78.347774,-78.347715,-78.347652,-78.34762,-78.347577,-78.34753,-78.347475,-78.347372,-78.347277,-78.347178,-78.347107,-78.347032,-78.346952,-78.346882,-78.346844,-78.346771,-78.346671,-78.346509,-78.346397,-78.346346,-78.346291,-78.346185,-78.345934,-78.345532,-78.345297,-78.345158,-78.345096,-78.344968,-78.344555,-78.34443,-78.344221,-78.34393,-78.343755,-78.343639,-78.343465,-78.343325,-78.34307,-78.34271,-78.342477,-78.34228,-78.341978,-78.341723,-78.341514,-78.34132,-78.341214,-78.341132,-78.341153,-78.341204,-78.341631,-78.341782,-78.342171,-78.342335,-78.342399,-78.342621,-78.342692,-78.342906,-78.343205,-78.343411,-78.34394,-78.345609,-78.346752,-78.348309,-78.348653,-78.348925,-78.349246,-78.349448,-78.349659,-78.349867,-78.350332,-78.35069,-78.351176,-78.352433,-78.352727,-78.353012,-78.353386,-78.353632,-78.353899,-78.354014,-78.354199,-78.354985,-78.355441,-78.3557,-78.356328,-78.356534,-78.356593,-78.356686,-78.357412,-78.357676,-78.358642,-78.359089,-78.359137,-78.359308,-78.359821,-78.359951,-78.360079,-78.360229,-78.360361,-78.360484,-78.360595,-78.360811,-78.361063,-78.361464,-78.361599,-78.361778,-78.361843,-78.361937,-78.362043,-78.362503,-78.362794,-78.362927,-78.363025,-78.363109,-78.363191,-78.363257,-78.363297,-78.363354,-78.363411,-78.363476,-78.363571,-78.363688,-78.363813,-78.363942,-78.365609,-78.366062,-78.366652,-78.367227,-78.367426,-78.367659,-78.367833,-78.368001,-78.368131,-78.36918,-78.369315,-78.369525,-78.369669,-78.369719,-78.369866,-78.370496,-78.370816,-78.370901,-78.371051,-78.371237,-78.371384,-78.371522,-78.371562,-78.371773,-78.372382,-78.372853,-78.373277,-78.373668,-78.373964,-78.374348,-78.374458,-78.374574,-78.374692,-78.37485,-78.375362,-78.376147,-78.376226,-78.376372,-78.376639,-78.377005,-78.377287,-78.377493,-78.377933,-78.378185,-78.378475,-78.378707,-78.378936,-78.379396,-78.379588,-78.37974,-78.379879,-78.379967,-78.380227,-78.380486,-78.380828,-78.380901,-78.380952,-78.380975,-78.381086,-78.381154,-78.381218,-78.381301,-78.381401,-78.381517,-78.381643,-78.381739,-78.38187,-78.382272,-78.382647,-78.382939,-78.383207,-78.383366,-78.383559,-78.383635,-78.383723,-78.383851,-78.384059,-78.384554,-78.385151,-78.385549,-78.385745,-78.386044,-78.38615,-78.386335,-78.386448,-78.386521,-78.38677,-78.386889,-78.387013,-78.387542,-78.38801,-78.388368,-78.388659,-78.389252,-78.390154,-78.390522,-78.390892,-78.39104,-78.391183,-78.391352,-78.391769,-78.392164,-78.392291,-78.39252,-78.392718,-78.392791,-78.393204,-78.393433,-78.393476,-78.393557,-78.393804,-78.393908,-78.394362,-78.394809,-78.395076,-78.395233,-78.395327,-78.395454,-78.395586,-78.395993,-78.396489,-78.397052,-78.397653,-78.397802,-78.398001,-78.398111,-78.398246,-78.398349,-78.398408,-78.398469,-78.398615,-78.398789,-78.398693,-78.398598,-78.398485,-78.398291,-78.398229,-78.398155,-78.39811,-78.398087,-78.398086,-78.398116,-78.39816,-78.398182,-78.398192,-78.398221,-78.398284,-78.398323,-78.398336,-78.398417,-78.398515,-78.398623,-78.398739,-78.398883,-78.398968,-78.399184,-78.39929,-78.399384,-78.399487,-78.399627,-78.399732,-78.399883,-78.40004,-78.400253,-78.400407,-78.400656,-78.401424,-78.40526,-78.405542,-78.40624,-78.406493,-78.40659,-78.406786,-78.406978,-78.407206,-78.407396,-78.407544,-78.407589,-78.407729,-78.407861,-78.407926,-78.408033,-78.408096,-78.408232,-78.40882,-78.409035,-78.40936,-78.409637,-78.409971,-78.410432,-78.410565,-78.410689,-78.410778,-78.410851,-78.410973,-78.411134,-78.411307,-78.411433,-78.411526,-78.411774,-78.412003,-78.412195,-78.412263,-78.412355,-78.412451,-78.412725,-78.412817,-78.413016,-78.413324,-78.413637,-78.413719,-78.414224,-78.41715,-78.41864,-78.419263,-78.419791,-78.419922,-78.420283,-78.420438,-78.420834,-78.420873,-78.421543,-78.421953,-78.422545,-78.423242,-78.423685,-78.424075,-78.424727,-78.425501,-78.425942,-78.426215,-78.426418,-78.427219,-78.427702,-78.428243,-78.430417,-78.431087,-78.43164,-78.432476,-78.432568,-78.433434,-78.43392,-78.434726,-78.4355,-78.436376,-78.43726,-78.437346,-78.438196,-78.438596,-78.438995,-78.440479,-78.442307,-78.442865,-78.442961,-78.443281,-78.445491,-78.445976,-78.446485,-78.448244,-78.448489,-78.449119,-78.44972,-78.451414,-78.452337,-78.456099,-78.456476,-78.457261,-78.457961,-78.458328,-78.458748,-78.459505,-78.459917,-78.460459,-78.460839,-78.461063,-78.461562,-78.461865,-78.462165,-78.462384,-78.462789,-78.463074,-78.463279,-78.463677,-78.463712,-78.464868,-78.465169,-78.465402,-78.466438,-78.466513,-78.466587,-78.466735,-78.466948,-78.467093,-78.467348,-78.467562,-78.468604,-78.469238,-78.469822,-78.470502,-78.470922,-78.471263,-78.472284,-78.472535,-78.472721,-78.473012,-78.473178,-78.473456,-78.473665,-78.473826,-78.473834,-78.474006,-78.474074,-78.474383,-78.474806,-78.475008,-78.475206,-78.475312,-78.475499,-78.475613,-78.475749,-78.475796,-78.475842,-78.476234,-78.476322,-78.476343,-78.476383,-78.476468,-78.476506,-78.476532,-78.476539,-78.476525,-78.476502,-78.476426,-78.476331,-78.476187,-78.476021,-78.47591,-78.475876,-78.475861,-78.475865,-78.475889,-78.475933,-78.475996,-78.476057,-78.476151,-78.476238,-78.476368,-78.476492,-78.47663,-78.476715,-78.476787,-78.476859,-78.476911,-78.476921,-78.476916,-78.476897,-78.476864,-78.476867,-78.476888,-78.476923,-78.476973,-78.477041,-78.477136,-78.477227,-78.47731,-78.477484,-78.477612,-78.477725,-78.477807,-78.477893,-78.477963,-78.478098,-78.478159,-78.47825,-78.478333,-78.478416,-78.478514,-78.478603,-78.479303,-78.479441,-78.479588,-78.479781,-78.479943,-78.480112,-78.480307,-78.480523,-78.480557,-78.480741,-78.481039,-78.48125,-78.481373,-78.483418,-78.483922,-78.48416,-78.484627,-78.485013,-78.485296,-78.485745,-78.485857,-78.48611,-78.486421,-78.487042,-78.487534,-78.488018,-78.488618,-78.48899,-78.48914,-78.489396,-78.490098,-78.490425,-78.490785,-78.491823,-78.492138,-78.49245,-78.492754,-78.493046,-78.493283,-78.494188,-78.494765,-78.495094,-78.495327,-78.495715,-78.495908,-78.496192,-78.496423,-78.496697,-78.496929,-78.497151,-78.497503,-78.498404,-78.499101,-78.499614,-78.499747,-78.499987,-78.500481,-78.500901,-78.501479,-78.501692,-78.502103,-78.502836,-78.50296,-78.503262,-78.503595,-78.503842,-78.50414,-78.504453,-78.504837,-78.504989,-78.505105,-78.505198,-78.505402,-78.505673,-78.505817,-78.505866,-78.506115,-78.506332,-78.506446,-78.506849,-78.507063,-78.507127,-78.507375,-78.507554,-78.507698,-78.508387,-78.50853,-78.508958,-78.509146,-78.50935,-78.509698,-78.510122,-78.510705,-78.511003,-78.511185,-78.511422,-78.51167,-78.51189,-78.512179,-78.51366,-78.514173,-78.514274,-78.515182,-78.51586,-78.516551,-78.516725,-78.516935,-78.517598,-78.517849,-78.518006,-78.51821,-78.518422,-78.518639,-78.518816,-78.51904,-78.519305,-78.519569,-78.519781,-78.520527,-78.520972,-78.521529,-78.521709,-78.522049,-78.522389,-78.522726,-78.52297,-78.52321,-78.523399,-78.523578,-78.523737,-78.523871,-78.524023,-78.524162,-78.524265,-78.52488,-78.524966,-78.525064,-78.525172,-78.525288,-78.525409,-78.525509,-78.525606,-78.525658,-78.5258,-78.52589,-78.525993,-78.526288,-78.526695,-78.52678,-78.526929,-78.527087,-78.527252,-78.527387,-78.527559,-78.527732,-78.528077,-78.528353,-78.528726,-78.528889,-78.529046,-78.5294,-78.529535,-78.529735,-78.53006,-78.530193,-78.530347,-78.530487,-78.530678,-78.530832,-78.531056,-78.531224,-78.531367,-78.531582,-78.531905,-78.534085,-78.534254,-78.534381,-78.534529,-78.534637,-78.53476,-78.535171,-78.535396,-78.535837,-78.536455,-78.536582,-78.536643,-78.536716,-78.536758,-78.536783,-78.536789,-78.536779,-78.536757,-78.536714,-78.536539,-78.536237,-78.536198,-78.536073,-78.536016,-78.535997,-78.53598,-78.53598,-78.535998,-78.536034,-78.536075,-78.536147,-78.536196,-78.536271,-78.536361,-78.536428,-78.536514,-78.536598,-78.536684,-78.536782,-78.536877,-78.536967,-78.537032,-78.537105,-78.537154,-78.537193,-78.537371,-78.537495,-78.537551,-78.537634,-78.537731,-78.537838,-78.537954,-78.538078,-78.538566,-78.538688,-78.538807,-78.53895,-78.539085,-78.53921,-78.539387,-78.539475,-78.539569,-78.539695,-78.539826,-78.539962,-78.540073,-78.540156,-78.540385,-78.540858,-78.541103,-78.541356,-78.541609,-78.541923,-78.542296,-78.542922,-78.543055,-78.543189,-78.543321,-78.543423,-78.543541,-78.543653,-78.543782,-78.5439,-78.544005,-78.544267,-78.544429,-78.54457,-78.544771,-78.544986,-78.545199,-78.545304,-78.545351,-78.54541],"lat":[38.356933,38.357108,38.357152,38.357872,38.358399,38.359124,38.35986,38.360235,38.361134,38.361536,38.362518,38.363319,38.364298,38.364859,38.364922,38.365341,38.365496,38.365639,38.365849,38.366113,38.366201,38.366212,38.366147,38.366103,38.366309,38.366367,38.366773,38.367037,38.36751,38.367716,38.367851,38.3684,38.369015,38.369255,38.36929,38.36951,38.369916,38.370279,38.370762,38.370851,38.371267,38.372442,38.373628,38.37465,38.375595,38.375911,38.376474,38.377297,38.378255,38.379011,38.379308,38.379791,38.38004,38.380264,38.380791,38.380905,38.381253,38.381956,38.382224,38.382414,38.383098,38.38326,38.384097,38.384477,38.384899,38.385304,38.385723,38.386789,38.386896,38.387269,38.388173,38.389381,38.390392,38.391567,38.39283,38.39372,38.394159,38.393915,38.393533,38.393138,38.392876,38.39293,38.39327,38.393573,38.394006,38.39461,38.395302,38.395885,38.39628,38.396478,38.39728,38.397881,38.398784,38.399422,38.399599,38.400487,38.401168,38.401981,38.402673,38.40323,38.403859,38.404221,38.404825,38.40532,38.405715,38.4061,38.406286,38.406813,38.40767,38.408395,38.408865,38.409054,38.409922,38.410405,38.411173,38.412119,38.412867,38.41359,38.414299,38.414815,38.414897,38.41515,38.415279,38.415402,38.416106,38.417182,38.418082,38.419071,38.419763,38.419838,38.420499,38.420817,38.42117,38.42147,38.421579,38.421731,38.421833,38.422341,38.422979,38.423648,38.42427,38.424696,38.424896,38.42502,38.425883,38.427061,38.427474,38.427706,38.428594,38.429231,38.429925,38.430603,38.431184,38.431491,38.431701,38.43175,38.431726,38.431847,38.432146,38.432872,38.433223,38.433396,38.433831,38.434178,38.434711,38.434777,38.43501,38.435106,38.435444,38.435719,38.436009,38.436199,38.436265,38.436461,38.436905,38.437485,38.43809,38.438201,38.438301,38.438366,38.438574,38.438816,38.439185,38.439268,38.439382,38.439777,38.440204,38.440511,38.440777,38.441677,38.44181,38.441955,38.442056,38.44231,38.442762,38.443343,38.443867,38.444287,38.444682,38.445586,38.446086,38.446481,38.446852,38.447449,38.447627,38.447603,38.447345,38.447433,38.447441,38.447449,38.447507,38.447548,38.447572,38.447475,38.447,38.447363,38.448194,38.448855,38.450283,38.451186,38.451945,38.452542,38.453002,38.453631,38.453921,38.454285,38.45472,38.455107,38.455712,38.456277,38.457068,38.457398,38.457874,38.458323,38.458399,38.458613,38.458923,38.459528,38.460101,38.460313,38.460416,38.460592,38.460811,38.461375,38.461819,38.462408,38.462731,38.463046,38.463247,38.463367,38.463707,38.46411,38.464385,38.464804,38.465514,38.46661,38.467409,38.467611,38.467733,38.467949,38.468224,38.468343,38.468496,38.468667,38.469063,38.469418,38.46999,38.470579,38.471176,38.471684,38.472532,38.472895,38.473395,38.474089,38.474661,38.475051,38.475278,38.475459,38.475527,38.475229,38.474366,38.473148,38.472495,38.471906,38.471607,38.470252,38.469567,38.469391,38.468904,38.468259,38.46742,38.466759,38.466254,38.466175,38.465964,38.465757,38.465477,38.464706,38.463719,38.463331,38.462871,38.461875,38.461614,38.461246,38.461085,38.460246,38.459861,38.459846,38.459824,38.459799,38.459772,38.459745,38.459719,38.459689,38.45966,38.459631,38.459601,38.45957,38.459539,38.459517,38.459495,38.459473,38.459451,38.459428,38.459406,38.459389,38.459372,38.459354,38.459337,38.45932,38.459304,38.459287,38.45927,38.459254,38.459237,38.459225,38.459206,38.459186,38.459166,38.459147,38.459129,38.459112,38.459096,38.459083,38.45907,38.459058,38.459046,38.459035,38.459025,38.459015,38.459006,38.458997,38.458989,38.458981,38.458975,38.458969,38.458964,38.458961,38.458958,38.458955,38.458953,38.458948,38.458946,38.458947,38.458956,38.458968,38.458983,38.458999,38.459011,38.459025,38.459033,38.459037,38.459037,38.459032,38.459021,38.459005,38.458987,38.458964,38.458929,38.458915,38.458902,38.458889,38.458877,38.458864,38.458853,38.458847,38.458835,38.458823,38.458813,38.458804,38.458797,38.458792,38.45879,38.45879,38.458794,38.458801,38.458809,38.458818,38.458827,38.458835,38.458839,38.45884,38.458838,38.458834,38.458826,38.458817,38.458811,38.458807,38.458804,38.458802,38.458801,38.458799,38.458794,38.458788,38.45878,38.458769,38.458755,38.45874,38.458721,38.458699,38.458676,38.458652,38.458613,38.458601,38.458563,38.458546,38.458513,38.458486,38.458457,38.458427,38.458397,38.458364,38.458332,38.458304,38.458276,38.458249,38.458225,38.458202,38.458179,38.458157,38.458135,38.458113,38.458058,38.458004,38.457951,38.457915,38.45788,38.457847,38.457821,38.457797,38.457775,38.457756,38.457739,38.457722,38.457709,38.457696,38.45768,38.457664,38.457625,38.457581,38.457537,38.457494,38.457471,38.457448,38.457426,38.4574,38.457373,38.457347,38.45732,38.457293,38.457266,38.457239,38.457184,38.457129,38.457084,38.457048,38.457013,38.456977,38.45694,38.456903,38.456868,38.456834,38.456802,38.456777,38.456757,38.456739,38.456721,38.456706,38.456693,38.45668,38.45667,38.456659,38.456641,38.456622,38.4566,38.456584,38.456566,38.456536,38.456502,38.45645,38.456413,38.456376,38.456346,38.456321,38.456298,38.456278,38.456263,38.456249,38.456237,38.456227,38.456216,38.456206,38.456197,38.456188,38.456176,38.456161,38.456145,38.456118,38.456098,38.456068,38.456038,38.456018,38.455999,38.45598,38.455963,38.455942,38.455926,38.455908,38.455893,38.455877,38.455858,38.455832,38.455801,38.455771,38.455744,38.455703,38.455676,38.45565,38.455611,38.455582,38.455553,38.455524,38.455476,38.455427,38.455377,38.455345,38.455312,38.45528,38.455247,38.455214,38.455181,38.455143,38.455118,38.455076,38.455022,38.454956,38.4549,38.454833,38.45481,38.454786,38.454763,38.454739,38.454714,38.454694,38.454676,38.454652,38.454631,38.45461,38.454589,38.454561,38.454537,38.454506,38.454478,38.454451,38.454423,38.454401,38.454374,38.454349,38.454325,38.4543,38.454277,38.454255,38.454236,38.454216,38.454177,38.454157,38.454135,38.454115,38.454091,38.454047,38.454009,38.453979,38.453949,38.453917,38.453884,38.453851,38.453834,38.453796,38.453758,38.453721,38.453684,38.453648,38.45363,38.453613,38.453579,38.453547,38.45352,38.453509,38.453501,38.453487,38.453472,38.453461,38.45345,38.453438,38.453422,38.453405,38.453386,38.453361,38.453335,38.453307,38.453278,38.453249,38.453218,38.453188,38.453157,38.453127,38.453108,38.45307,38.453031,38.453012,38.45297,38.452949,38.452928,38.452907,38.452868,38.452833,38.452798,38.45276,38.45272,38.4527,38.45268,38.452661,38.452638,38.452616,38.452594,38.452572,38.452551,38.452529,38.452499,38.452469,38.452439,38.45241,38.452381,38.452351,38.452313,38.452275,38.45224,38.452199,38.452162,38.452125,38.452109,38.452077,38.452045,38.452011,38.451978,38.451943,38.451893,38.451859,38.451824,38.45179,38.45172,38.451659,38.451598,38.451536,38.451479,38.451423,38.451366,38.451312,38.451259,38.451232,38.451206,38.451187,38.451168,38.451149,38.45113,38.451103,38.45108,38.451052,38.451024,38.450996,38.450971,38.450947,38.450923,38.450899,38.450876,38.450853,38.450835,38.450817,38.450798,38.450776,38.450753,38.450729,38.450708,38.450686,38.450646,38.450608,38.450572,38.45052,38.450488,38.450424,38.450364,38.450321,38.45028,38.450259,38.450238,38.450214,38.450169,38.450113,38.450024,38.44994,38.449893,38.449856,38.449804,38.449749,38.449686,38.449601,38.449518,38.449455,38.44938,38.449312,38.449229,38.449137,38.449041,38.448962,38.448912,38.448863,38.448818,38.448775,38.448729,38.448682,38.448638,38.448595,38.448529,38.448457,38.448398,38.448329,38.44826,38.448201,38.448154,38.448119,38.448085,38.448045,38.447978,38.447922,38.447857,38.447787,38.447731,38.44767,38.447601,38.447522,38.447435,38.447363,38.447299,38.447244,38.447173,38.447106,38.447016,38.446921,38.446833,38.44677,38.446708,38.446649,38.446588,38.446511,38.446466,38.446423,38.446379,38.446325,38.446257,38.446196,38.446126,38.446029,38.445921,38.445828,38.445775,38.445743,38.445708,38.445675,38.445631,38.445582,38.445519,38.44545,38.445367,38.445276,38.445181,38.445099,38.445016,38.444935,38.444854,38.444763,38.444652,38.444552,38.444453,38.444356,38.444268,38.444191,38.444135,38.444081,38.444033,38.443984,38.443924,38.44385,38.443794,38.443723,38.443682,38.443623,38.443524,38.443437,38.443355,38.443262,38.443168,38.443089,38.443018,38.442922,38.442839,38.442762,38.442684,38.442595,38.442502,38.442401,38.442281,38.44222,38.442116,38.442008,38.441872,38.44175,38.441659,38.441592,38.441515,38.441427,38.441339,38.441261,38.44118,38.441109,38.441018,38.44093,38.440806,38.440711,38.44061,38.440451,38.440387,38.440288,38.440201,38.440096,38.440004,38.439928,38.439855,38.439749,38.43966,38.439564,38.439477,38.439385,38.439316,38.439257,38.439224,38.439198,38.439126,38.439065,38.438998,38.438962,38.438929,38.438892,38.43885,38.438791,38.438715,38.438637,38.438553,38.438456,38.438363,38.43811,38.438011,38.437961,38.43789,38.437808,38.437752,38.437709,38.437662,38.437622,38.437555,38.437485,38.437425,38.437373,38.437323,38.437283,38.437228,38.437167,38.437114,38.437038,38.436974,38.436965,38.436916,38.436861,38.436811,38.436761,38.436713,38.436668,38.436623,38.436571,38.436506,38.436436,38.436377,38.436285,38.436199,38.436101,38.436013,38.435953,38.435888,38.435818,38.435751,38.435689,38.435626,38.435564,38.435509,38.435452,38.435379,38.435323,38.43528,38.435216,38.435161,38.435099,38.435044,38.434992,38.434929,38.434868,38.434796,38.434738,38.43467,38.434595,38.434522,38.434443,38.434368,38.434294,38.434227,38.434152,38.434077,38.433991,38.433918,38.433829,38.433765,38.433681,38.433619,38.43355,38.433439,38.433363,38.43329,38.433198,38.433109,38.433038,38.432976,38.432913,38.432848,38.432771,38.432681,38.432551,38.432425,38.432352,38.432271,38.432196,38.432134,38.432069,38.432009,38.431959,38.431906,38.431792,38.431746,38.431686,38.431642,38.43159,38.431526,38.43148,38.431432,38.431374,38.431318,38.431247,38.431193,38.431113,38.431059,38.431012,38.430952,38.430843,38.430747,38.430693,38.430616,38.430568,38.430487,38.430408,38.430324,38.430238,38.430057,38.429955,38.429804,38.429728,38.429681,38.429623,38.429515,38.429423,38.429342,38.429284,38.429229,38.4292,38.429199,38.429144,38.428945,38.428709,38.428548,38.428398,38.428178,38.428063,38.427874,38.427663,38.427552,38.427357,38.427283,38.427151,38.427009,38.426847,38.426711,38.426595,38.426404,38.426198,38.425982,38.425786,38.425664,38.425529,38.425405,38.425284,38.425146,38.425025,38.424921,38.424759,38.424607,38.42445,38.424411,38.424283,38.424072,38.423912,38.423805,38.42369,38.423606,38.423468,38.423317,38.423218,38.423095,38.422963,38.422811,38.422653,38.422521,38.42243,38.422336,38.422146,38.421992,38.421787,38.421672,38.421612,38.421552,38.421484,38.421292,38.421268,38.421038,38.420865,38.420672,38.420448,38.420336,38.420249,38.420162,38.420037,38.419887,38.41973,38.419641,38.419557,38.419486,38.419447,38.419332,38.41921,38.419105,38.41893,38.4189,38.418843,38.418755,38.418651,38.418536,38.418396,38.418243,38.418057,38.417946,38.417802,38.417625,38.417532,38.417349,38.417257,38.417209,38.417105,38.41707,38.416954,38.41695,38.416906,38.416423,38.416264,38.416214,38.416149,38.416096,38.416061,38.415872,38.415629,38.41552,38.415373,38.415158,38.414973,38.414845,38.414686,38.41442,38.414149,38.413865,38.41361,38.413445,38.413297,38.413193,38.413043,38.412895,38.412769,38.412581,38.412463,38.41237,38.412225,38.412043,38.411897,38.411766,38.4116,38.411455,38.411299,38.411175,38.410925,38.410868,38.410714,38.4106,38.410501,38.410409,38.410292,38.410212,38.410075,38.409979,38.409817,38.409686,38.409581,38.409396,38.409233,38.409115,38.408946,38.408729,38.40857,38.408438,38.408355,38.40829,38.408217,38.408112,38.407989,38.407838,38.407742,38.407566,38.407468,38.407331,38.407189,38.407055,38.406919,38.406782,38.406621,38.406532,38.406373,38.406239,38.406092,38.405948,38.405747,38.405577,38.405442,38.405328,38.405206,38.405084,38.40498,38.404875,38.404844,38.40475,38.404664,38.404633,38.404572,38.40441,38.404337,38.404212,38.404096,38.403954,38.40383,38.403715,38.403495,38.403313,38.403188,38.402798,38.402514,38.402184,38.401907,38.401735,38.401663,38.40161,38.401544,38.401464,38.401405,38.401359,38.401313,38.40122,38.401101,38.400929,38.400791,38.400672,38.40054,38.400427,38.400348,38.400242,38.400044,38.399939,38.399826,38.399649,38.399463,38.399346,38.399233,38.399047,38.398728,38.398464,38.398385,38.398317,38.398238,38.398091,38.397974,38.397866,38.397738,38.397586,38.397496,38.397236,38.39715,38.397057,38.396927,38.396742,38.396575,38.396402,38.39626,38.396069,38.395704,38.395469,38.395395,38.395284,38.39521,38.395136,38.395006,38.394948,38.394629,38.393908,38.393656,38.393463,38.393274,38.393124,38.393024,38.392887,38.392849,38.392806,38.392779,38.392764,38.392735,38.392721,38.392721,38.392744,38.392763,38.39277,38.392734,38.392668,38.392611,38.392526,38.392422,38.392356,38.39227,38.392128,38.391986,38.391877,38.391821,38.391764,38.391712,38.391612,38.391532,38.391485,38.391476,38.391414,38.391251,38.391166,38.391077,38.390987,38.390829,38.390791,38.390723,38.390491,38.39037,38.390254,38.390143,38.38999,38.389875,38.389847,38.389668,38.389562,38.389499,38.389256,38.389119,38.388971,38.388907,38.388828,38.388754,38.388699,38.388655,38.388541,38.388413,38.387998,38.387276,38.387039,38.386714,38.38659,38.386421,38.386108,38.385801,38.385366,38.3853,38.385243,38.385192,38.384835,38.384621,38.384429,38.384248,38.384143,38.384061,38.384038,38.383997,38.383912,38.38377,38.38369,38.383548,38.383357,38.383218,38.383027,38.382853,38.382701,38.382512,38.382316,38.382084,38.38196,38.381844,38.381663,38.381423,38.381213,38.38085,38.380211,38.379848,38.379554,38.379243,38.378972,38.378609,38.378351,38.378212,38.377981,38.37773,38.377515,38.377457,38.377407,38.377358,38.377334,38.377201,38.377135,38.377065,38.376884,38.376646,38.376347,38.376197,38.376029,38.375867,38.37581,38.375764,38.375723,38.375683,38.37562,38.375523,38.37542,38.375349,38.37529,38.375238,38.375168,38.37513,38.375103,38.375052,38.375002,38.374937,38.374917,38.374885,38.374838,38.374751,38.374574,38.374406,38.374241,38.373941,38.373494,38.373386,38.37323,38.373149,38.373095,38.373044,38.372972,38.372887,38.372748,38.372599,38.372236,38.37208,38.372025,38.371981,38.371924,38.371869,38.371779,38.371557,38.370748,38.37046,38.370274,38.369962,38.369812,38.369725,38.369694,38.369656,38.369623,38.369594,38.369509,38.369031,38.368815,38.368637,38.368434,38.368065,38.367876,38.367747,38.367588,38.367359,38.3672,38.367035,38.366908,38.366814,38.366704,38.3665,38.366411,38.366329,38.366239,38.366144,38.365979,38.36566,38.365528,38.365406,38.365293,38.364894,38.364676,38.364586,38.364472,38.364437,38.364341,38.364079,38.363899,38.363774,38.36366,38.363582,38.363547,38.3635,38.363441,38.363426,38.363402,38.363398,38.363406,38.36341,38.36342,38.363422,38.363411,38.363396,38.363344,38.363311,38.363209,38.363175,38.363147,38.363122,38.3631,38.363095,38.363095,38.363075,38.363047,38.363003,38.362959,38.362922,38.362877,38.362843,38.362796,38.362738,38.362562,38.362443,38.362365,38.362314,38.362232,38.362031,38.361953,38.361919,38.361885,38.361862,38.361845,38.361828,38.361817,38.361811,38.361794,38.361732,38.36144,38.361371,38.361144,38.360995,38.360899,38.360812,38.360667,38.360624,38.360513,38.360355,38.360191,38.360019,38.359747,38.359594,38.359426,38.359225,38.359142,38.359066,38.359019,38.359,38.358993,38.358967,38.358928,38.35894,38.358946,38.358946,38.358934,38.358922,38.35891,38.358904,38.358904,38.358889,38.358856,38.358817,38.358783,38.358747,38.358705,38.358645,38.358609,38.358591,38.358564,38.358504,38.358459,38.358443,38.358411,38.358374,38.358325,38.358239,38.358079,38.358025,38.357955,38.357885,38.357804,38.357737,38.35769,38.357645,38.357613,38.357583,38.357529,38.357452,38.357393,38.357309,38.357262,38.357195,38.357106,38.357019,38.356861,38.356755,38.35672,38.356696,38.35667,38.356645,38.356617,38.356598,38.356582,38.356568,38.356559,38.356521,38.356525,38.356537,38.356539,38.356548,38.356546,38.356538,38.356517,38.356487,38.356462,38.356424,38.356391,38.356364,38.356328,38.356295,38.356262,38.356213,38.356171,38.356134,38.356093,38.356071,38.355972,38.355895,38.355842,38.355783,38.355741,38.355674,38.35551,38.355343,38.355096,38.354974,38.35491,38.354785,38.35456,38.354398,38.354247,38.35418,38.354124,38.353979,38.353819,38.353491,38.353102,38.353002,38.352942,38.352885,38.352791,38.35267,38.352458,38.352265,38.352181,38.352052,38.351954,38.351881,38.351782,38.351745,38.351719,38.351697,38.351676,38.351642,38.351591,38.351368,38.351266,38.351193,38.351142,38.351013,38.350983,38.350966,38.35097,38.350985,38.350877,38.350814,38.350777,38.350726,38.350659,38.35058,38.350534,38.350468,38.35032,38.350158,38.350077,38.349841,38.349731,38.349657,38.349528,38.349299,38.349071,38.348872,38.348786,38.348642,38.348559,38.348512,38.348388,38.348215,38.348117,38.348016,38.34796,38.347901,38.3479,38.347912,38.347935,38.347935,38.34792,38.347918,38.34791,38.347897,38.347897,38.347891,38.347876,38.347872,38.347853,38.347843,38.34782,38.347787,38.347758,38.347735,38.347706,38.347685,38.34766,38.347619,38.34758,38.347544,38.347517,38.347493,38.347441,38.347408,38.347352,38.347194,38.347103,38.346983,38.346889,38.346848,38.346792,38.346729,38.346635,38.3466,38.346553,38.346506,38.346437,38.346347,38.346149,38.345936,38.345713,38.345569,38.345384,38.345267,38.345155,38.345053,38.345004,38.344926,38.344838,38.344751,38.344639,38.344527,38.344478,38.34441,38.34436,38.344314,38.344254,38.344191,38.344143,38.344097,38.344065,38.344041,38.343993,38.343944,38.343862,38.343807,38.343737,38.343681,38.343645,38.343592,38.343495,38.3434,38.343304,38.343144,38.343109,38.342916,38.342831,38.342746,38.342667,38.342558,38.342449,38.34237,38.342267,38.342055,38.341612,38.34143,38.341012,38.340581,38.340247,38.34013,38.340048,38.339995,38.339951,38.339903,38.339845,38.339754,38.339652,38.339614,38.339512,38.33944,38.339401,38.339377,38.339357,38.339216,38.339046,38.338929,38.338757,38.338575,38.33843,38.338295,38.338233,38.338192,38.33816,38.338107,38.338004,38.337977,38.337946,38.337907,38.337843,38.337777,38.337722,38.337692,38.337604,38.337509,38.337417,38.337391,38.33733,38.337235,38.337122,38.337068,38.337014,38.336973,38.336913,38.336861,38.336815,38.336769,38.336692,38.336623,38.336341,38.336221,38.336134,38.336016,38.335919,38.335829,38.335707,38.335548,38.335483,38.33545,38.335432,38.335409,38.33538,38.335352,38.335336,38.335314,38.335239,38.33522,38.335217,38.33522,38.335227,38.335237,38.335261,38.335325,38.335427,38.335505,38.335595,38.335625,38.335632,38.335635,38.335628,38.335613,38.335586,38.335551,38.33544,38.335294,38.335214,38.335098,38.334998,38.334971,38.334925,38.334872,38.33478,38.334698,38.334576,38.334552,38.33452,38.334489,38.334457,38.334424,38.334371,38.334327,38.334276,38.334236,38.334157,38.334052,38.333947,38.333897,38.333847,38.333805,38.33375,38.33365,38.333587,38.33352,38.333339,38.333261,38.333214,38.333174,38.333146,38.333125,38.333107,38.333077,38.333016,38.332942,38.332913,38.332884,38.332861,38.33283,38.332779,38.332703,38.332578,38.332539,38.332471,38.332383,38.332326,38.332235,38.332154,38.332058,38.331917,38.331731,38.331645,38.331566,38.33148,38.33141,38.331349,38.331288,38.331239,38.331199,38.331165,38.331141,38.331092,38.33104,38.330976,38.330909,38.330851,38.330777,38.330722,38.330652,38.330575,38.33044,38.330364,38.330328,38.330275,38.330244,38.330175,38.330106,38.330034,38.330002,38.329973,38.329932,38.329894,38.329853,38.329815,38.329782,38.329761,38.3297,38.329591,38.329527,38.329417,38.329383,38.328995,38.328779,38.328692,38.328623,38.328501,38.328384,38.328258,38.328167,38.327831,38.327641,38.327552,38.327487,38.327431,38.327385,38.327352,38.327348,38.327352,38.327389,38.32744,38.327509,38.327556,38.327588,38.3276,38.327602,38.3276,38.327589,38.327559,38.327488,38.327406,38.32731,38.327245,38.327177,38.327147,38.327046,38.326999,38.326964,38.326858,38.326828,38.32672,38.326591,38.326518,38.326462,38.326407,38.326357,38.326325,38.326292,38.326246,38.326194,38.326145,38.326054,38.325984,38.325929,38.325888,38.325837,38.325782,38.325767,38.325727,38.325627,38.325595,38.325588,38.325543,38.325389,38.32529,38.32523,38.32519,38.325139,38.325063,38.325015,38.324956,38.324888,38.324796,38.324673,38.324541,38.324452,38.32442,38.32432,38.324295,38.324286,38.324284,38.324281,38.324275,38.324256,38.324235,38.324205,38.32417,38.324126,38.324069,38.324021,38.323947,38.323883,38.323822,38.323687,38.323416,38.323224,38.323094,38.322943,38.322799,38.32272,38.32247,38.322387,38.322314,38.32221,38.322006,38.321883,38.321753,38.321512,38.32137,38.321272,38.321118,38.321074,38.32074,38.320525,38.320284,38.320096,38.319991,38.319841,38.31958,38.31936,38.319137,38.319015,38.318892,38.318746,38.31867,38.318627,38.318568,38.318525,38.318497,38.318469,38.318446,38.318417,38.318387,38.318362,38.318325,38.318294,38.318272,38.318246,38.318222,38.318207,38.31804,38.317997,38.317948,38.317932,38.317923,38.317925,38.317933,38.317954,38.317962,38.317965,38.317965,38.317955,38.317946,38.317782,38.317763,38.317747,38.317734,38.317702,38.317681,38.317653,38.317604,38.317532,38.317495,38.317458,38.31741,38.317357,38.317263,38.317103,38.317045,38.317012,38.316983,38.316976,38.31696,38.316972,38.316998,38.317044,38.317082,38.317099,38.317104,38.317102,38.3171,38.317094,38.317085,38.317062,38.317047,38.317046,38.317051,38.317054,38.317082,38.317094,38.317108,38.317127,38.317129,38.31711,38.317091,38.317068,38.317021,38.316976,38.316964,38.31694,38.316931,38.316931,38.316966,38.317034,38.317289,38.317408,38.317544,38.317604,38.31766,38.317702,38.317721,38.31772,38.317708,38.317683,38.31767,38.317661,38.317647,38.317621,38.317606,38.317592,38.317581,38.317566,38.317548,38.317442,38.317416,38.317406,38.317402,38.317404,38.317414,38.317449,38.317467,38.317469,38.31746,38.317454,38.317441,38.317414,38.317376,38.317329,38.317183,38.317136,38.317109,38.317088,38.317082,38.317077,38.317067,38.317077,38.317107,38.317153,38.317283,38.317424,38.317448,38.317455,38.317437,38.317396,38.317346,38.317291,38.317241,38.317191,38.317141,38.317072,38.316972,38.316703,38.316211,38.316138,38.316064,38.315955,38.315853,38.315742,38.315615,38.315465,38.31539,38.315323,38.315255,38.315224,38.315169,38.315113,38.315054,38.31496,38.314877,38.314833,38.314789,38.314727,38.314596,38.314537,38.314484,38.314379,38.314287,38.314164,38.314059,38.313944,38.313642,38.313097,38.312942,38.312769,38.312538,38.312365,38.312271,38.312062,38.311246,38.31117,38.3111,38.311059,38.311018,38.310986,38.310966,38.310948,38.310934,38.31091,38.310875,38.310855,38.310808,38.310778,38.310726,38.310668,38.310306,38.310021,38.309625,38.309556,38.30948,38.309435,38.30942,38.309394,38.309334,38.309199,38.309037,38.308918,38.308792,38.308667,38.308542,38.30841,38.308059,38.307713,38.307433,38.307351,38.307247,38.307144,38.306896,38.306797,38.306297,38.305609,38.30541,38.305139,38.304885,38.304668,38.304499,38.304431,38.304359,38.304262,38.3041,38.30404,38.303981,38.303852,38.303724,38.303697,38.303671,38.303664,38.303661,38.303669,38.303685,38.303716,38.303751,38.303808,38.303824,38.303839,38.303836,38.303811,38.303766,38.303696,38.303582,38.303489,38.303417,38.303338,38.303275,38.303189,38.302999,38.302849,38.302735,38.302645,38.302563,38.302508,38.302457,38.302351,38.302287,38.302233,38.302182,38.302142,38.302091,38.302057,38.302009,38.301976,38.301924,38.301858,38.301785,38.301672,38.301477,38.301177,38.300919,38.300816,38.300685,38.300587,38.300485,38.300329,38.300189,38.300121,38.300073,38.299992,38.299952,38.299947,38.299973,38.299994,38.300017,38.300066,38.300137,38.300225,38.300317,38.300344,38.300387,38.300424,38.300476,38.300549,38.300693,38.30068,38.300692,38.300703,38.300748,38.300767,38.300772,38.300756,38.300752,38.300737,38.300737,38.300723,38.300729,38.300714,38.300676,38.300608,38.300355,38.3003,38.300249,38.300227,38.300189,38.300152,38.299972,38.299779,38.299758,38.299593,38.299358,38.299051,38.298823,38.29854,38.298405,38.298222,38.29797,38.297712,38.29733,38.297045,38.296801,38.29651,38.296234,38.296021,38.295765,38.295495,38.295218,38.294859,38.294587,38.294402,38.294203,38.293741,38.293608,38.293229,38.293036,38.29274,38.292594,38.292495,38.292443,38.292416,38.292404,38.292416,38.292427,38.292431,38.292411,38.292364,38.29228,38.29209,38.292018,38.29199,38.291977,38.291989,38.292004,38.292032,38.292104,38.292196,38.292304,38.292352,38.292371,38.292375,38.292367,38.292347,38.292311,38.292182,38.292034,38.291885,38.291789,38.291741,38.291701,38.291637,38.291537,38.291368,38.290848,38.290695,38.290425,38.290194,38.2901,38.28992,38.289806,38.289744,38.289671,38.289592,38.289529,38.289438,38.28932,38.289229,38.289052,38.288889,38.28873,38.288608,38.28854,38.288467,38.288394,38.288349,38.288317,38.288299,38.288289,38.288275,38.288293,38.288333,38.28845,38.288586,38.288729,38.289009,38.289248,38.289269,38.289298,38.289187,38.289166,38.289133,38.289057,38.289014,38.288982,38.288927,38.288833,38.288695,38.288584,38.288536,38.288483,38.288435,38.288329,38.288234,38.288069,38.287985,38.287879,38.287783,38.28767,38.28755,38.287423,38.287223,38.287101,38.286983,38.286905,38.286856,38.286821,38.286753,38.286684,38.286577,38.286488,38.286371,38.286164,38.285885,38.285709,38.285493,38.285243,38.285063,38.284773,38.2845,38.28426,38.283954,38.283598,38.283101,38.282695,38.282149,38.281942,38.281751,38.281594,38.28142,38.281263,38.281075,38.280798,38.280556,38.279982,38.279696,38.279663,38.279585,38.279131,38.278729,38.2785,38.278396,38.278142,38.277969,38.277913,38.277732,38.277589,38.277463,38.277429,38.27742,38.277417,38.277413,38.277478,38.27749,38.277487,38.277446,38.277403,38.277353,38.277297,38.277244,38.277131,38.277047,38.276982,38.276939,38.27691,38.276891,38.276876,38.276872,38.276879,38.276891,38.276895,38.276937,38.276969,38.277022,38.277118,38.277342,38.277487,38.277557,38.277583,38.27764,38.277772,38.277964,38.278109,38.278267,38.278341,38.278446,38.278819,38.278947,38.279203,38.279586,38.279869,38.280015,38.280125,38.280189,38.28028,38.280343,38.28037,38.280379,38.28037,38.280324,38.280278,38.280185,38.280136,38.280094,38.280071,38.280003,38.279482,38.279307,38.278857,38.278686,38.278622,38.27841,38.278348,38.278167,38.277938,38.277789,38.277447,38.276449,38.275754,38.274816,38.274592,38.274393,38.274133,38.273949,38.273731,38.273496,38.272914,38.272444,38.271816,38.270193,38.269807,38.269405,38.268835,38.268419,38.267927,38.267697,38.267311,38.265534,38.264489,38.26392,38.262487,38.262548,38.262557,38.262553,38.262692,38.262742,38.262904,38.262957,38.262959,38.262963,38.262935,38.262938,38.262957,38.262997,38.263053,38.263122,38.263203,38.263426,38.263704,38.264131,38.264284,38.264502,38.264571,38.264648,38.264714,38.26491,38.265042,38.265121,38.265191,38.265264,38.265358,38.26546,38.265537,38.265618,38.265679,38.265733,38.265792,38.265841,38.265876,38.265897,38.265916,38.265924,38.265963,38.265992,38.265989,38.26597,38.265935,38.265888,38.26584,38.265398,38.265349,38.265292,38.265265,38.265262,38.26526,38.265322,38.265331,38.26533,38.265323,38.265301,38.265274,38.265239,38.265228,38.265153,38.264913,38.264711,38.264521,38.264334,38.264187,38.264022,38.263988,38.263967,38.26396,38.26397,38.264021,38.264083,38.264083,38.264064,38.264001,38.263896,38.263803,38.263742,38.263597,38.263507,38.263401,38.263321,38.263241,38.263072,38.262987,38.262902,38.2628,38.262714,38.262393,38.262044,38.261651,38.261545,38.261444,38.261387,38.260968,38.260769,38.260608,38.260463,38.260324,38.260194,38.260079,38.260005,38.259917,38.259695,38.259496,38.259346,38.259216,38.259149,38.259088,38.259071,38.259061,38.259067,38.259113,38.259243,38.259422,38.259554,38.259628,38.259756,38.259795,38.259861,38.259896,38.259918,38.25998,38.259992,38.259995,38.259972,38.259939,38.2599,38.259862,38.259763,38.259605,38.259525,38.25943,38.259382,38.259325,38.259244,38.259001,38.258753,38.258669,38.258501,38.258336,38.258258,38.257667,38.257434,38.257402,38.25735,38.257239,38.257197,38.257021,38.256837,38.256747,38.256706,38.256686,38.256668,38.256661,38.256674,38.256707,38.256725,38.256751,38.256753,38.256747,38.256731,38.256699,38.256663,38.256637,38.256606,38.256523,38.256396,38.256263,38.256105,38.255855,38.255331,38.255105,38.254833,38.254589,38.25435,38.254097,38.253559,38.252832,38.252727,38.252687,38.252607,38.252492,38.252448,38.252435,38.25237,38.25231,38.252262,38.252228,38.252203,38.252189,38.252155,38.252614,38.252936,38.253218,38.253534,38.253732,38.253983,38.254211,38.254485,38.254662,38.254917,38.255625,38.259098,38.259351,38.260004,38.260271,38.26038,38.260615,38.260866,38.261183,38.261486,38.261742,38.26182,38.262099,38.262402,38.262567,38.262873,38.263077,38.263554,38.265872,38.266696,38.267956,38.269019,38.270326,38.272131,38.272652,38.273109,38.273392,38.273599,38.273917,38.274294,38.274656,38.274888,38.275059,38.275466,38.275808,38.276073,38.27616,38.276276,38.276399,38.276722,38.276822,38.277037,38.277347,38.277638,38.277715,38.278153,38.280661,38.281938,38.282455,38.282862,38.282957,38.283218,38.283326,38.283589,38.283613,38.284023,38.284256,38.284576,38.28492,38.285121,38.28529,38.285552,38.285835,38.285979,38.286063,38.286126,38.286352,38.286471,38.286595,38.287032,38.287178,38.287306,38.287513,38.287536,38.287767,38.287905,38.288148,38.288393,38.288688,38.289007,38.28904,38.289369,38.289533,38.289697,38.29033,38.291102,38.291342,38.291386,38.291532,38.292479,38.292694,38.292904,38.29365,38.293745,38.294014,38.294276,38.295001,38.295395,38.297001,38.297161,38.297495,38.297792,38.297926,38.298067,38.298273,38.298395,38.298588,38.298745,38.298847,38.299097,38.299259,38.299447,38.299594,38.299886,38.300122,38.30031,38.300675,38.300712,38.302022,38.302356,38.302621,38.303801,38.303893,38.303985,38.304191,38.30452,38.304769,38.305147,38.305384,38.306511,38.307196,38.30782,38.308552,38.309009,38.30938,38.31049,38.310782,38.311022,38.311449,38.311723,38.312166,38.312486,38.312707,38.312717,38.312926,38.313003,38.313295,38.313664,38.313848,38.314047,38.314171,38.31441,38.314595,38.314854,38.314962,38.315069,38.316227,38.31649,38.316548,38.316666,38.316962,38.317138,38.317333,38.317568,38.317763,38.317919,38.318245,38.318567,38.318964,38.319452,38.319808,38.319966,38.320127,38.320288,38.320449,38.320609,38.320763,38.320881,38.321022,38.321129,38.321333,38.321516,38.321718,38.321871,38.32203,38.322241,38.322456,38.322638,38.322865,38.322995,38.323319,38.323473,38.323627,38.323767,38.323897,38.324021,38.324154,38.324254,38.324327,38.324455,38.324565,38.324684,38.324799,38.324954,38.325115,38.325604,38.325803,38.326036,38.326192,38.326308,38.326416,38.326497,38.327003,38.327113,38.327215,38.327333,38.32742,38.327498,38.327567,38.327631,38.327641,38.32768,38.327745,38.327796,38.327822,38.328249,38.328362,38.328408,38.328512,38.328587,38.328649,38.328756,38.328786,38.328855,38.328949,38.329164,38.329359,38.329563,38.329804,38.329963,38.330029,38.330128,38.330421,38.33056,38.330713,38.331133,38.331243,38.331335,38.331418,38.331483,38.331525,38.331636,38.33169,38.331721,38.331739,38.331781,38.331811,38.331871,38.331937,38.332034,38.33213,38.332238,38.332433,38.33299,38.333414,38.333727,38.333808,38.333955,38.334271,38.334517,38.334875,38.335001,38.335253,38.33571,38.335793,38.336009,38.336271,38.336476,38.336728,38.337,38.337326,38.337456,38.337562,38.337648,38.337843,38.338134,38.338303,38.338361,38.338672,38.338971,38.339144,38.339776,38.340082,38.340163,38.340451,38.340633,38.340757,38.341388,38.341508,38.341883,38.342052,38.342236,38.342534,38.342911,38.343428,38.343666,38.343789,38.343933,38.344066,38.344169,38.344291,38.344839,38.34502,38.345057,38.345392,38.345636,38.345897,38.34597,38.346073,38.346459,38.346593,38.346664,38.346742,38.346807,38.346859,38.346891,38.346919,38.346931,38.346929,38.346916,38.34684,38.346801,38.346766,38.346761,38.346771,38.346796,38.346834,38.346866,38.346911,38.346957,38.347011,38.347071,38.347132,38.347217,38.347314,38.347399,38.348006,38.348077,38.348137,38.348186,38.348222,38.348245,38.348245,38.348233,38.348227,38.348189,38.348152,38.348096,38.347882,38.347598,38.347551,38.347481,38.347424,38.347381,38.347357,38.347339,38.34734,38.347357,38.347382,38.347429,38.347463,38.347511,38.347662,38.347727,38.347828,38.348007,38.348099,38.348223,38.348357,38.348574,38.348725,38.348915,38.349037,38.349126,38.349246,38.349405,38.35048,38.35058,38.350669,38.350789,38.350892,38.351028,38.351583,38.35191,38.352515,38.353296,38.353487,38.353592,38.353767,38.353916,38.354068,38.354221,38.354371,38.354491,38.354638,38.355033,38.355638,38.355706,38.355975,38.356127,38.356218,38.356368,38.3565,38.356632,38.356762,38.356863,38.357001,38.357076,38.357163,38.357242,38.357283,38.357319,38.357339,38.357349,38.357347,38.35733,38.3573,38.357267,38.357216,38.357168,38.357115,38.356765,38.356555,38.356485,38.356405,38.356335,38.356275,38.356227,38.356192,38.356132,38.35611,38.35608,38.356031,38.355969,38.355896,38.355765,38.355712,38.355666,38.35562,38.355587,38.355567,38.355561,38.355562,38.35558,38.35561,38.355617,38.355612,38.355598,38.355568,38.355513,38.355395,38.355383,38.355385,38.355402,38.355426,38.355477,38.355536,38.355619,38.355713,38.355816,38.356139,38.356306,38.356432,38.35658,38.356716,38.356834,38.356886,38.356909,38.356933]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#CCAF2E","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#4DB48A"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 23%<br>Number of families: 300<br>Census Tract: 301.02<br>Area Name: Monroe","Percent of families: 8.9%<br>Number of families: 165<br>Census Tract: 302.01<br>Area Name: Midway","Percent of families: 9.9%<br>Number of families: 106<br>Census Tract: 302.02<br>Area Name: Ruckersville","Percent of families: 19.2%<br>Number of families: 220<br>Census Tract: 301.01<br>Area Name: Stanardsville"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[38.184146,38.475527],"lng":[-78.663145,-78.288474]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Louisa County

#### Louisa County

There are 10,249 families living in Louisa County. Of these, 1,791
(17.5%) do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the
costs associated with working.

Louisa at a glance:

- Louisa has the second highest number of families falling behind: 19%
  of the 9,413 families struggling in our region live in Louisa.

- Louisa has one of the lowest costs for basic needs and the cost of
  working, at \$45,917, second only to Buckingham.

- In Louisa, the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 (26%)
  is 11% higher than the percent of white families making under \$35,000
  (15%).

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Louisa County

<br/> As this table shows, 77% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Louisa, Black
families are over-represented at the low end of the pay range (under
\$35,000) and under-represented at the high end of the pay range (over
\$100k/year). In other words, relative to white families, Black families
are more likely to be paid insufficient wages and less likely to be
high-earning.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Louisa County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-40-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income or the percent of families within the tract who
make less than \$35,000 a year. Having a higher percentage of struggling
families in a neighborhood has implications for the resources and
opportunities available to the families living there.

To see which neighborhoods in Louisa County have the highest and lowest
median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median income and
neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Louisa County

<div id="htmlwidget-10c48d27fc1cc75258a7" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-10c48d27fc1cc75258a7">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-77.973466,-77.973435,-77.973411,-77.973366,-77.973305,-77.97326,-77.973228,-77.97309,-77.972995,-77.972894,-77.972865,-77.972816,-77.972784,-77.972748,-77.972689,-77.972674,-77.972652,-77.972648,-77.972662,-77.972703,-77.972707,-77.972693,-77.972656,-77.972597,-77.972506,-77.972311,-77.972138,-77.971961,-77.971799,-77.971629,-77.971443,-77.971262,-77.971159,-77.97101,-77.970814,-77.970037,-77.969856,-77.969726,-77.96954,-77.967821,-77.967717,-77.967594,-77.967417,-77.967294,-77.967106,-77.966948,-77.966756,-77.966543,-77.966399,-77.966257,-77.96619,-77.966139,-77.965946,-77.965856,-77.965739,-77.965642,-77.965514,-77.965308,-77.964946,-77.964782,-77.964671,-77.964605,-77.964559,-77.964499,-77.964485,-77.964484,-77.964503,-77.964629,-77.964691,-77.964707,-77.964701,-77.964677,-77.96467,-77.964621,-77.964583,-77.964438,-77.964341,-77.964243,-77.964124,-77.963895,-77.963444,-77.963085,-77.962937,-77.962781,-77.962655,-77.96252,-77.962355,-77.962181,-77.962109,-77.961782,-77.961426,-77.961033,-77.960638,-77.960448,-77.960216,-77.959991,-77.959816,-77.959602,-77.959288,-77.958987,-77.958745,-77.958425,-77.958243,-77.958156,-77.958047,-77.957885,-77.957625,-77.9575,-77.957228,-77.956931,-77.956882,-77.956836,-77.956808,-77.956797,-77.956805,-77.95684,-77.956885,-77.956955,-77.957121,-77.957164,-77.957302,-77.957435,-77.957508,-77.957597,-77.957653,-77.957691,-77.957709,-77.957749,-77.957933,-77.957988,-77.958045,-77.958099,-77.958125,-77.958173,-77.958216,-77.957464,-77.956978,-77.957091,-77.957131,-77.957227,-77.957382,-77.957462,-77.957521,-77.95758,-77.957627,-77.957641,-77.957727,-77.95787,-77.957898,-77.957969,-77.958017,-77.958069,-77.958368,-77.958479,-77.958612,-77.958886,-77.958968,-77.959338,-77.959361,-77.959421,-77.959573,-77.959663,-77.959823,-77.959854,-77.959926,-77.959948,-77.959987,-77.960049,-77.960141,-77.96034,-77.960509,-77.960609,-77.960689,-77.960824,-77.960857,-77.961244,-77.961285,-77.961305,-77.961312,-77.961314,-77.961288,-77.961252,-77.96118,-77.961065,-77.960941,-77.960707,-77.960029,-77.959517,-77.959279,-77.959084,-77.958766,-77.958588,-77.958354,-77.958181,-77.95771,-77.957614,-77.957567,-77.957479,-77.957384,-77.957325,-77.957275,-77.957243,-77.957215,-77.957188,-77.957116,-77.956973,-77.956953,-77.956901,-77.956841,-77.956804,-77.956704,-77.956656,-77.956616,-77.956573,-77.956482,-77.956444,-77.956395,-77.956094,-77.955753,-77.955228,-77.954954,-77.954702,-77.954459,-77.95435,-77.954241,-77.954141,-77.954049,-77.953822,-77.953341,-77.95313,-77.952963,-77.952859,-77.952824,-77.952724,-77.952654,-77.952565,-77.952482,-77.952376,-77.952168,-77.952014,-77.951978,-77.951934,-77.951743,-77.951623,-77.951378,-77.951306,-77.951276,-77.951206,-77.95116,-77.951143,-77.951086,-77.951061,-77.951056,-77.950949,-77.950865,-77.95085,-77.950741,-77.95068,-77.95058,-77.950499,-77.950434,-77.950319,-77.950086,-77.950017,-77.949811,-77.949596,-77.94933,-77.949104,-77.948971,-77.948868,-77.948669,-77.94857,-77.948497,-77.948411,-77.948318,-77.948229,-77.948058,-77.947935,-77.947756,-77.947581,-77.947353,-77.947192,-77.946905,-77.9468,-77.946473,-77.946256,-77.945942,-77.945201,-77.944959,-77.944737,-77.944516,-77.944203,-77.944052,-77.943939,-77.943806,-77.943006,-77.942697,-77.941965,-77.941637,-77.940975,-77.940627,-77.940246,-77.939704,-77.939359,-77.939241,-77.939112,-77.939008,-77.938724,-77.938615,-77.938503,-77.938364,-77.938234,-77.937964,-77.93785,-77.937579,-77.937455,-77.937307,-77.937158,-77.936944,-77.936659,-77.936522,-77.936428,-77.936321,-77.936173,-77.936007,-77.935684,-77.935342,-77.93483,-77.934512,-77.934242,-77.933402,-77.933156,-77.933051,-77.932963,-77.932898,-77.932867,-77.932766,-77.932693,-77.932597,-77.932539,-77.932426,-77.932243,-77.93213,-77.931783,-77.931628,-77.931438,-77.931264,-77.931165,-77.931026,-77.930895,-77.930797,-77.930317,-77.9301,-77.929963,-77.929776,-77.929689,-77.929615,-77.929553,-77.929332,-77.928842,-77.928379,-77.928046,-77.927802,-77.927742,-77.927683,-77.927632,-77.927596,-77.92752,-77.926937,-77.926806,-77.926718,-77.926627,-77.926522,-77.924479,-77.92418,-77.923657,-77.923473,-77.923451,-77.923139,-77.92275,-77.92234,-77.921894,-77.921522,-77.921113,-77.920678,-77.920777,-77.920847,-77.920919,-77.92104,-77.921117,-77.921263,-77.92141,-77.921422,-77.921615,-77.921757,-77.921887,-77.921973,-77.922069,-77.92209,-77.922258,-77.922424,-77.922599,-77.922745,-77.922886,-77.923,-77.923007,-77.922993,-77.922972,-77.922921,-77.922883,-77.922823,-77.922732,-77.922512,-77.922156,-77.922041,-77.921936,-77.921842,-77.921674,-77.921425,-77.921084,-77.920899,-77.920749,-77.920632,-77.920394,-77.920161,-77.919724,-77.919655,-77.919574,-77.919508,-77.919415,-77.919197,-77.91918,-77.919142,-77.919132,-77.919127,-77.919126,-77.919138,-77.919173,-77.919226,-77.919377,-77.919426,-77.919442,-77.919446,-77.919432,-77.919399,-77.919185,-77.918673,-77.918478,-77.918083,-77.917777,-77.917194,-77.916641,-77.916474,-77.916554,-77.916663,-77.916712,-77.91676,-77.916826,-77.916873,-77.916935,-77.916974,-77.91706,-77.917086,-77.91709,-77.917078,-77.917052,-77.916973,-77.916796,-77.916717,-77.9165,-77.916461,-77.916414,-77.916384,-77.916267,-77.916201,-77.916095,-77.915853,-77.915722,-77.91552,-77.915294,-77.91509,-77.914823,-77.914244,-77.913773,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913618,-77.913418,-77.913344,-77.913218,-77.913118,-77.913218,-77.913265,-77.913318,-77.913318,-77.913218,-77.913118,-77.913018,-77.913018,-77.912718,-77.912518,-77.912018,-77.911818,-77.911657,-77.911318,-77.911092,-77.911018,-77.910718,-77.910318,-77.91006,-77.909918,-77.909418,-77.909218,-77.908718,-77.908618,-77.908018,-77.907717,-77.907517,-77.907417,-77.907144,-77.907117,-77.906617,-77.906117,-77.905917,-77.905857,-77.905517,-77.905017,-77.904617,-77.904117,-77.903817,-77.903517,-77.903314,-77.903217,-77.903217,-77.903117,-77.903017,-77.902717,-77.902417,-77.902217,-77.901817,-77.901517,-77.901117,-77.900817,-77.900617,-77.900592,-77.900517,-77.900217,-77.899917,-77.899616,-77.899516,-77.899146,-77.898916,-77.898716,-77.898486,-77.898416,-77.898316,-77.898316,-77.898416,-77.898316,-77.898316,-77.898016,-77.897416,-77.897216,-77.896916,-77.896816,-77.896816,-77.896916,-77.896916,-77.896816,-77.896728,-77.896516,-77.896116,-77.895616,-77.895316,-77.895216,-77.895016,-77.894816,-77.894216,-77.893816,-77.893416,-77.893216,-77.893016,-77.892768,-77.892616,-77.891916,-77.891416,-77.890813,-77.890775,-77.890716,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890416,-77.890116,-77.889716,-77.889316,-77.889016,-77.888416,-77.888116,-77.887868,-77.887816,-77.887716,-77.887416,-77.886916,-77.886893,-77.886529,-77.886494,-77.886316,-77.886116,-77.886116,-77.886116,-77.886088,-77.885916,-77.885816,-77.885616,-77.885516,-77.88545,-77.885432,-77.885317,-77.885017,-77.884817,-77.884617,-77.884317,-77.884117,-77.883917,-77.883765,-77.883417,-77.883117,-77.882917,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882617,-77.882455,-77.882317,-77.882117,-77.881717,-77.881317,-77.880817,-77.880417,-77.879717,-77.879317,-77.879017,-77.878617,-77.878117,-77.877617,-77.877317,-77.877017,-77.876617,-77.876317,-77.876117,-77.876006,-77.875996,-77.875817,-77.875617,-77.875317,-77.875117,-77.874781,-77.874717,-77.874317,-77.874217,-77.873917,-77.873834,-77.873117,-77.872417,-77.871911,-77.871717,-77.871536,-77.871017,-77.870117,-77.869417,-77.869117,-77.867916,-77.866616,-77.866263,-77.865716,-77.865109,-77.864516,-77.864406,-77.863716,-77.862316,-77.861216,-77.860716,-77.860616,-77.860033,-77.859816,-77.859416,-77.859316,-77.859116,-77.85891,-77.858417,-77.858217,-77.858517,-77.858717,-77.858817,-77.858774,-77.858716,-77.858117,-77.857217,-77.857113,-77.856417,-77.856117,-77.855917,-77.855117,-77.854717,-77.854417,-77.854217,-77.854417,-77.854692,-77.854817,-77.854817,-77.854754,-77.854517,-77.854117,-77.853133,-77.852617,-77.851517,-77.851218,-77.851417,-77.851516,-77.851017,-77.850617,-77.849717,-77.849217,-77.849007,-77.848416,-77.848117,-77.847898,-77.847817,-77.847817,-77.847817,-77.847816,-77.847417,-77.847017,-77.846217,-77.845417,-77.844817,-77.844017,-77.843917,-77.843817,-77.843717,-77.843617,-77.843517,-77.843417,-77.843317,-77.843217,-77.843017,-77.842917,-77.843217,-77.843913,-77.844117,-77.844917,-77.845317,-77.845517,-77.844917,-77.844417,-77.843417,-77.842717,-77.842117,-77.840917,-77.839717,-77.839216,-77.838566,-77.838536,-77.838217,-77.837717,-77.837416,-77.837317,-77.837416,-77.837217,-77.837216,-77.837017,-77.836317,-77.836316,-77.836117,-77.836417,-77.836236,-77.836217,-77.836212,-77.836117,-77.83628,-77.836516,-77.836217,-77.835317,-77.834984,-77.833917,-77.833217,-77.832017,-77.831031,-77.830917,-77.830616,-77.830417,-77.830316,-77.830043,-77.830017,-77.828917,-77.827917,-77.827117,-77.826517,-77.825017,-77.824391,-77.824372,-77.824316,-77.824237,-77.824233,-77.824198,-77.823986,-77.82374,-77.823617,-77.82346,-77.823416,-77.823217,-77.823017,-77.822052,-77.822017,-77.821217,-77.820617,-77.819716,-77.819517,-77.819917,-77.820117,-77.820217,-77.820217,-77.820217,-77.820223,-77.820313,-77.820297,-77.820017,-77.819717,-77.819117,-77.818217,-77.817817,-77.817617,-77.816917,-77.816517,-77.816117,-77.815917,-77.815817,-77.815317,-77.815217,-77.815017,-77.814435,-77.814217,-77.813517,-77.812917,-77.812893,-77.813279,-77.813756,-77.813941,-77.814074,-77.814255,-77.814572,-77.814948,-77.815489,-77.816657,-77.819473,-77.821094,-77.821585,-77.82391,-77.824059,-77.824401,-77.825206,-77.825532,-77.826184,-77.826712,-77.82717,-77.827743,-77.828099,-77.828515,-77.829134,-77.829545,-77.829839,-77.831107,-77.831343,-77.831537,-77.831833,-77.832079,-77.832407,-77.83296,-77.833668,-77.833794,-77.834005,-77.834208,-77.834328,-77.834526,-77.835155,-77.83542,-77.837023,-77.837561,-77.83781,-77.838141,-77.83852,-77.839198,-77.839624,-77.840026,-77.840101,-77.840535,-77.84079,-77.841016,-77.841286,-77.841607,-77.841946,-77.842376,-77.842746,-77.843081,-77.843358,-77.843636,-77.843998,-77.844373,-77.844953,-77.845387,-77.845513,-77.845826,-77.846136,-77.846437,-77.846703,-77.847066,-77.84747,-77.848353,-77.848603,-77.84893,-77.849467,-77.851207,-77.851536,-77.851861,-77.852547,-77.852796,-77.853043,-77.853288,-77.853529,-77.854019,-77.85441,-77.854825,-77.854702,-77.854613,-77.854522,-77.854463,-77.854336,-77.853518,-77.853146,-77.852967,-77.85263,-77.852481,-77.852288,-77.851123,-77.85086,-77.850482,-77.850197,-77.850088,-77.849469,-77.849225,-77.848367,-77.847094,-77.84666,-77.845776,-77.844315,-77.84359,-77.842688,-77.842393,-77.842065,-77.84169,-77.841425,-77.840892,-77.840732,-77.840551,-77.839668,-77.839561,-77.839442,-77.839057,-77.838992,-77.838816,-77.838581,-77.838486,-77.837834,-77.837515,-77.837359,-77.837133,-77.837056,-77.83647,-77.835992,-77.835775,-77.83571,-77.83543,-77.834061,-77.833658,-77.833358,-77.833048,-77.83292,-77.83215,-77.831936,-77.831803,-77.831724,-77.831439,-77.831236,-77.831111,-77.830991,-77.830879,-77.830752,-77.83064,-77.830333,-77.830139,-77.829142,-77.828978,-77.828494,-77.828459,-77.828269,-77.828063,-77.82784,-77.827505,-77.827439,-77.827246,-77.827016,-77.826973,-77.826772,-77.826515,-77.826354,-77.825051,-77.824964,-77.82451,-77.824298,-77.823453,-77.823251,-77.823039,-77.822358,-77.82216,-77.822109,-77.822009,-77.821869,-77.821783,-77.821576,-77.821345,-77.821142,-77.820899,-77.820574,-77.820446,-77.820253,-77.820056,-77.819797,-77.819508,-77.819265,-77.81901,-77.818931,-77.818851,-77.818353,-77.817849,-77.817612,-77.81737,-77.817231,-77.816822,-77.817017,-77.817227,-77.817669,-77.818121,-77.819051,-77.819534,-77.819861,-77.820353,-77.820935,-77.821003,-77.821133,-77.821561,-77.821757,-77.822039,-77.822306,-77.82252,-77.822742,-77.823262,-77.823465,-77.823673,-77.823841,-77.823967,-77.824009,-77.82424,-77.824412,-77.824695,-77.824974,-77.825193,-77.825586,-77.825774,-77.825967,-77.826203,-77.826495,-77.826714,-77.826933,-77.827505,-77.828559,-77.83031,-77.830755,-77.830929,-77.831142,-77.831349,-77.831489,-77.831581,-77.831741,-77.83189,-77.831946,-77.832075,-77.832189,-77.832288,-77.832329,-77.832527,-77.832979,-77.833317,-77.83349,-77.83393,-77.834151,-77.834319,-77.834476,-77.834643,-77.834731,-77.835436,-77.835615,-77.835747,-77.835907,-77.835956,-77.836041,-77.83611,-77.836172,-77.83623,-77.836249,-77.836276,-77.836287,-77.836297,-77.836354,-77.836506,-77.83654,-77.836575,-77.836616,-77.836669,-77.836843,-77.837074,-77.837382,-77.837563,-77.837614,-77.838034,-77.838314,-77.838976,-77.839218,-77.839404,-77.839609,-77.840019,-77.840202,-77.840638,-77.84083,-77.841065,-77.841771,-77.842009,-77.842181,-77.842432,-77.842706,-77.842897,-77.843072,-77.843153,-77.843306,-77.843445,-77.843497,-77.843773,-77.844006,-77.844273,-77.844483,-77.844918,-77.845206,-77.845384,-77.845652,-77.84593,-77.846094,-77.847161,-77.847342,-77.847818,-77.84806,-77.848306,-77.848557,-77.848914,-77.849625,-77.849916,-77.850072,-77.850266,-77.850833,-77.851237,-77.851894,-77.852289,-77.852638,-77.852794,-77.853188,-77.853485,-77.853851,-77.854213,-77.85433,-77.854406,-77.854591,-77.854766,-77.855172,-77.855822,-77.856145,-77.856455,-77.856594,-77.857546,-77.857904,-77.858774,-77.85924,-77.859778,-77.859944,-77.860855,-77.861618,-77.861843,-77.862272,-77.862715,-77.862909,-77.86334,-77.863757,-77.864437,-77.864938,-77.865214,-77.86533,-77.865531,-77.865652,-77.865761,-77.865929,-77.866113,-77.866292,-77.86644,-77.866815,-77.866983,-77.867336,-77.867398,-77.867876,-77.868487,-77.868578,-77.868652,-77.868816,-77.868881,-77.868914,-77.868934,-77.868997,-77.869026,-77.869088,-77.869149,-77.869198,-77.869213,-77.869245,-77.869269,-77.869437,-77.870807,-77.871083,-77.871267,-77.871382,-77.871497,-77.871723,-77.871858,-77.872013,-77.872497,-77.87311,-77.87354,-77.873766,-77.873995,-77.874291,-77.87463,-77.874944,-77.875167,-77.87549,-77.875515,-77.875531,-77.875549,-77.875542,-77.875389,-77.875334,-77.875326,-77.875319,-77.875326,-77.875332,-77.8754,-77.87543,-77.875467,-77.875514,-77.875579,-77.875673,-77.875758,-77.875882,-77.875977,-77.876192,-77.876542,-77.877246,-77.877457,-77.877804,-77.878425,-77.878655,-77.879061,-77.879147,-77.879678,-77.879929,-77.880431,-77.881158,-77.88176,-77.882166,-77.882766,-77.883004,-77.883711,-77.884896,-77.886163,-77.886715,-77.887167,-77.887993,-77.888301,-77.888717,-77.888961,-77.88902,-77.889077,-77.889137,-77.889157,-77.889196,-77.889245,-77.889303,-77.88939,-77.889772,-77.889919,-77.890204,-77.890264,-77.890879,-77.891272,-77.891465,-77.891666,-77.891873,-77.89222,-77.892494,-77.892953,-77.893414,-77.893574,-77.894046,-77.89417,-77.894256,-77.894419,-77.894532,-77.894705,-77.896276,-77.896469,-77.89675,-77.897185,-77.897269,-77.897386,-77.897467,-77.897574,-77.897708,-77.89774,-77.89787,-77.89756,-77.897396,-77.897372,-77.897356,-77.897361,-77.897385,-77.897437,-77.897526,-77.897591,-77.898057,-77.898535,-77.899101,-77.899514,-77.899597,-77.899967,-77.900082,-77.900147,-77.900213,-77.900262,-77.900305,-77.900321,-77.900276,-77.900277,-77.900665,-77.900767,-77.900842,-77.900892,-77.900942,-77.901067,-77.901305,-77.901346,-77.901451,-77.901498,-77.901524,-77.901655,-77.901875,-77.902465,-77.902991,-77.904452,-77.904927,-77.905094,-77.905917,-77.906371,-77.906674,-77.907309,-77.907517,-77.90768,-77.907898,-77.908361,-77.908505,-77.908659,-77.908823,-77.908994,-77.909609,-77.910943,-77.912227,-77.913542,-77.914332,-77.914974,-77.91563,-77.916034,-77.916818,-77.917907,-77.92039,-77.921469,-77.922174,-77.922438,-77.922524,-77.922627,-77.922663,-77.922856,-77.922983,-77.923108,-77.923447,-77.92395,-77.924591,-77.925193,-77.925476,-77.925641,-77.92584,-77.926244,-77.926721,-77.927178,-77.927526,-77.927889,-77.927993,-77.928145,-77.928334,-77.928468,-77.928586,-77.928738,-77.928885,-77.929012,-77.929097,-77.929143,-77.929176,-77.929192,-77.929191,-77.929192,-77.9292,-77.929198,-77.929189,-77.929188,-77.929183,-77.929188,-77.929196,-77.929192,-77.929209,-77.929253,-77.929268,-77.929305,-77.929349,-77.929438,-77.929531,-77.929684,-77.929776,-77.930047,-77.930256,-77.930312,-77.930817,-77.931058,-77.93145,-77.931504,-77.931932,-77.932705,-77.933061,-77.93322,-77.933334,-77.933409,-77.93353,-77.933719,-77.933828,-77.934283,-77.935022,-77.935433,-77.935768,-77.936469,-77.936743,-77.936831,-77.937264,-77.937686,-77.937948,-77.938199,-77.938495,-77.938679,-77.938983,-77.939261,-77.939496,-77.93974,-77.939948,-77.940718,-77.940825,-77.941184,-77.94253,-77.942861,-77.943959,-77.944722,-77.945277,-77.946145,-77.946411,-77.946532,-77.946674,-77.946804,-77.94707,-77.947245,-77.947341,-77.947781,-77.948198,-77.948405,-77.948563,-77.948786,-77.948856,-77.949874,-77.950447,-77.950751,-77.951686,-77.952053,-77.952409,-77.952884,-77.953093,-77.95325,-77.953548,-77.953794,-77.954111,-77.954561,-77.954969,-77.955386,-77.955661,-77.955961,-77.95636,-77.956863,-77.957417,-77.957841,-77.958285,-77.958482,-77.958663,-77.958723,-77.958958,-77.959875,-77.960457,-77.961407,-77.962292,-77.962992,-77.963236,-77.963315,-77.963414,-77.963453,-77.963529,-77.963804,-77.96401,-77.9643,-77.964501,-77.964999,-77.965252,-77.965376,-77.965848,-77.96629,-77.96698,-77.967466,-77.967916,-77.96805,-77.968198,-77.968307,-77.968366,-77.968597,-77.968855,-77.968973,-77.968994,-77.968997,-77.968981,-77.968956,-77.968866,-77.968835,-77.968575,-77.968503,-77.968373,-77.968362,-77.968341,-77.968331,-77.968362,-77.968428,-77.968419,-77.968391,-77.968335,-77.968297,-77.968207,-77.967966,-77.967922,-77.967895,-77.967891,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967896,-77.967866,-77.967817,-77.96775,-77.967687,-77.967623,-77.967563,-77.967499,-77.967478,-77.967405,-77.967368,-77.967377,-77.967372,-77.967357,-77.967335,-77.967269,-77.967137,-77.966969,-77.966486,-77.966202,-77.966073,-77.965955,-77.965856,-77.965729,-77.965696,-77.965682,-77.96568,-77.965696,-77.965799,-77.965807,-77.9658,-77.965797,-77.96577,-77.965736,-77.965702,-77.965655,-77.96562,-77.965554,-77.965461,-77.965413,-77.96537,-77.965198,-77.965113,-77.965031,-77.964974,-77.964942,-77.964935,-77.964948,-77.964949,-77.964956,-77.964933,-77.964895,-77.964832,-77.964536,-77.964301,-77.964129,-77.963972,-77.963874,-77.963862,-77.963851,-77.963857,-77.963882,-77.963937,-77.964002,-77.964463,-77.964793,-77.965396,-77.966033,-77.966167,-77.966316,-77.966375,-77.966519,-77.966673,-77.967163,-77.967634,-77.968214,-77.968757,-77.968904,-77.969054,-77.969146,-77.969325,-77.969448,-77.969521,-77.969619,-77.969694,-77.969747,-77.969771,-77.969799,-77.9698,-77.969806,-77.969848,-77.969863,-77.969866,-77.969872,-77.969896,-77.969938,-77.969998,-77.970059,-77.970174,-77.970561,-77.970636,-77.970727,-77.970842,-77.970942,-77.971101,-77.971136,-77.971154,-77.971156,-77.971107,-77.971095,-77.971061,-77.971058,-77.971074,-77.97111,-77.971167,-77.971226,-77.971486,-77.971596,-77.971636,-77.9717,-77.971795,-77.971846,-77.971925,-77.972038,-77.972167,-77.972349,-77.972499,-77.972611,-77.972726,-77.972818,-77.973004,-77.973011,-77.973332,-77.973425,-77.973448,-77.973457,-77.973471,-77.973466],"lat":[37.991268,37.991521,37.991628,37.991758,37.991884,37.991957,37.992005,37.992172,37.992305,37.99249,37.992559,37.992707,37.992857,37.993274,37.994159,37.994295,37.994635,37.995007,37.995255,37.995548,37.99567,37.99579,37.995928,37.996096,37.996301,37.996656,37.99692,37.997171,37.99737,37.997564,37.997748,37.997908,37.997991,37.998096,37.998219,37.998733,37.998832,37.998891,37.998962,37.999469,37.999504,37.99956,37.999668,37.999559,37.999416,37.999294,37.999121,37.99889,37.998719,37.998814,37.99888,37.998954,37.999275,37.999449,37.999719,37.999992,38.000317,38.000837,38.001655,38.002053,38.002348,38.002543,38.002715,38.003041,38.003188,38.003336,38.003702,38.004886,38.005392,38.005676,38.005837,38.005979,38.00602,38.006201,38.006308,38.006621,38.006817,38.00698,38.007144,38.00744,38.008,38.008417,38.008559,38.008684,38.008769,38.008846,38.008925,38.008991,38.009014,38.009094,38.009146,38.009196,38.009259,38.009299,38.009362,38.009438,38.009508,38.009621,38.009832,38.01005,38.010237,38.010525,38.010718,38.010827,38.010976,38.011266,38.011789,38.01204,38.012589,38.013181,38.013288,38.013424,38.013564,38.013706,38.013847,38.014043,38.014204,38.014385,38.014697,38.014777,38.015013,38.015261,38.015409,38.015636,38.01583,38.016026,38.016182,38.016572,38.018174,38.018608,38.018962,38.019236,38.019315,38.019409,38.019454,38.020124,38.020564,38.020693,38.02075,38.020889,38.02114,38.021288,38.02142,38.02159,38.021796,38.021901,38.022298,38.022995,38.023129,38.023603,38.023855,38.024003,38.024597,38.024862,38.025219,38.026068,38.026308,38.027389,38.027455,38.027662,38.028363,38.028975,38.02999,38.030202,38.030593,38.030687,38.030833,38.031022,38.031256,38.031696,38.032042,38.032227,38.032383,38.032627,38.032703,38.033442,38.033542,38.03363,38.033696,38.033789,38.033901,38.033987,38.034101,38.03426,38.034425,38.03473,38.035591,38.036211,38.036485,38.036698,38.036993,38.037144,38.037322,38.037446,38.03781,38.037893,38.037936,38.038028,38.03815,38.038246,38.038363,38.038484,38.038692,38.039125,38.040122,38.041783,38.042059,38.042812,38.043695,38.044145,38.045685,38.046166,38.046423,38.046574,38.046793,38.046869,38.046957,38.047391,38.047908,38.048744,38.04914,38.049535,38.049893,38.050025,38.05013,38.050202,38.050254,38.050362,38.050549,38.05063,38.05071,38.050769,38.050791,38.050868,38.050936,38.051045,38.051171,38.051382,38.051894,38.052295,38.052377,38.052471,38.052821,38.053026,38.0535,38.053664,38.053744,38.05397,38.054184,38.054312,38.054658,38.054853,38.054893,38.05558,38.056015,38.056103,38.056593,38.056781,38.057015,38.057169,38.057275,38.057471,38.057851,38.05796,38.05831,38.058696,38.05925,38.059798,38.060161,38.06047,38.061175,38.06154,38.061877,38.062143,38.062357,38.062515,38.06278,38.062951,38.06317,38.063351,38.063554,38.063681,38.063891,38.063963,38.064193,38.064329,38.064493,38.064854,38.064977,38.065084,38.065184,38.065335,38.065423,38.065502,38.065608,38.066407,38.066695,38.067305,38.067623,38.068317,38.068672,38.069045,38.06956,38.069874,38.069993,38.070147,38.070293,38.070824,38.070993,38.071136,38.071288,38.071412,38.071655,38.071764,38.072066,38.072238,38.072469,38.072732,38.073117,38.073651,38.073848,38.07395,38.074041,38.074142,38.074236,38.074382,38.074512,38.07469,38.074815,38.074941,38.075378,38.075518,38.075591,38.075663,38.075739,38.075787,38.075968,38.076075,38.076192,38.076244,38.076324,38.076425,38.076469,38.076588,38.076627,38.07666,38.076683,38.0767,38.076745,38.076803,38.076857,38.077202,38.077367,38.077466,38.077572,38.077608,38.077629,38.077643,38.077679,38.077734,38.07778,38.077806,38.077836,38.077859,38.077894,38.077939,38.077988,38.078122,38.079455,38.079707,38.079853,38.079965,38.080069,38.081625,38.081857,38.082257,38.082391,38.082399,38.082587,38.08283,38.08313,38.083477,38.083759,38.084077,38.084411,38.084593,38.084791,38.085033,38.085545,38.085928,38.086653,38.087261,38.087364,38.088071,38.088639,38.089211,38.089553,38.089896,38.089972,38.090629,38.091338,38.091955,38.092552,38.093051,38.093506,38.093617,38.093709,38.093778,38.093876,38.093925,38.093978,38.094029,38.094089,38.094173,38.094216,38.094271,38.094337,38.094506,38.094817,38.09523,38.095478,38.095695,38.095911,38.096439,38.096854,38.097586,38.09773,38.097927,38.098108,38.098308,38.099521,38.099767,38.100469,38.100677,38.10133,38.101479,38.101694,38.102051,38.102406,38.103134,38.103327,38.103456,38.103603,38.103689,38.103774,38.104076,38.104595,38.104832,38.105313,38.105661,38.106262,38.106832,38.106968,38.107096,38.107295,38.107403,38.107555,38.107811,38.108069,38.108631,38.109116,38.110171,38.11049,38.110885,38.111153,38.111455,38.111961,38.11267,38.112921,38.113461,38.11354,38.113636,38.1137,38.113911,38.114031,38.114197,38.114498,38.114631,38.114812,38.114985,38.115112,38.115259,38.115538,38.115771,38.115797,38.115636,38.115336,38.115036,38.114925,38.114736,38.114536,38.114336,38.114196,38.114036,38.113936,38.113536,38.113036,38.112636,38.112136,38.111736,38.111536,38.111636,38.111636,38.111732,38.111936,38.112087,38.112136,38.112236,38.112236,38.112171,38.112136,38.112036,38.111936,38.112036,38.111936,38.111936,38.111836,38.111636,38.111436,38.111163,38.111136,38.111036,38.110936,38.110836,38.110821,38.110736,38.110636,38.110436,38.110136,38.109936,38.109736,38.109428,38.109136,38.108836,38.108636,38.108436,38.108336,38.108136,38.108136,38.108136,38.108236,38.108336,38.108536,38.108836,38.10891,38.109136,38.109436,38.109436,38.109336,38.109336,38.109336,38.109336,38.109436,38.109666,38.109736,38.110036,38.110236,38.110536,38.110736,38.111236,38.111436,38.111636,38.111636,38.111536,38.111436,38.111236,38.111036,38.110636,38.110436,38.110348,38.110136,38.110036,38.110036,38.110136,38.110236,38.110536,38.110736,38.110936,38.111036,38.111036,38.111236,38.111336,38.111398,38.111436,38.111536,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111536,38.111577,38.111736,38.112036,38.112236,38.112436,38.112736,38.113036,38.113136,38.113136,38.112936,38.112688,38.112636,38.112536,38.112436,38.112336,38.11233,38.112235,38.112236,38.112236,38.111936,38.111712,38.111536,38.111493,38.111236,38.111036,38.110836,38.110736,38.110703,38.110694,38.110636,38.110436,38.110436,38.110436,38.110536,38.110536,38.110436,38.110375,38.110236,38.110136,38.109936,38.109636,38.109436,38.109396,38.109236,38.109136,38.109028,38.108936,38.108836,38.108736,38.108736,38.108636,38.108536,38.108436,38.108436,38.108436,38.108336,38.108236,38.108036,38.107936,38.107836,38.107636,38.107436,38.107436,38.107473,38.107485,38.107536,38.107536,38.107436,38.107436,38.107226,38.107186,38.106736,38.106436,38.106336,38.106336,38.106336,38.106437,38.106509,38.106537,38.106459,38.106237,38.105937,38.105737,38.105637,38.105937,38.106237,38.106237,38.106237,38.106186,38.106137,38.106096,38.105837,38.105537,38.105537,38.105537,38.105537,38.105318,38.105237,38.104737,38.104437,38.103937,38.103731,38.103237,38.103037,38.102537,38.101737,38.101337,38.101128,38.100836,38.100337,38.100037,38.100024,38.099937,38.099837,38.099937,38.100737,38.100937,38.100937,38.101737,38.102437,38.102574,38.102637,38.103237,38.103384,38.103937,38.104237,38.104434,38.104538,38.104438,38.104337,38.104038,38.103437,38.102938,38.102738,38.102138,38.102038,38.101985,38.101836,38.101337,38.100681,38.100438,38.099938,38.099785,38.099436,38.098738,38.098438,38.098338,38.098538,38.099038,38.099738,38.099838,38.099938,38.099938,38.100038,38.100138,38.100238,38.100338,38.100538,38.101038,38.101438,38.101938,38.102634,38.102838,38.103338,38.103838,38.104338,38.104738,38.104838,38.105038,38.105038,38.105138,38.105738,38.106038,38.105836,38.105917,38.105919,38.106239,38.106039,38.105736,38.105339,38.105037,38.104738,38.104639,38.104639,38.104439,38.104337,38.103839,38.103639,38.103186,38.103138,38.103106,38.102439,38.102154,38.101736,38.101139,38.100839,38.100791,38.100639,38.100439,38.099839,38.099301,38.099239,38.098936,38.098039,38.097738,38.097556,38.097539,38.097239,38.097239,38.097239,38.097139,38.096539,38.096003,38.096,38.095937,38.095812,38.095783,38.095711,38.095325,38.094867,38.094639,38.093783,38.093539,38.093539,38.093539,38.093346,38.093339,38.093039,38.092839,38.092436,38.09184,38.09134,38.09074,38.09024,38.09006,38.08974,38.089708,38.089232,38.089193,38.08854,38.08784,38.08724,38.08634,38.08584,38.08564,38.08544,38.08554,38.08594,38.08624,38.08654,38.08684,38.08684,38.08674,38.086377,38.08624,38.08584,38.085318,38.085296,38.085186,38.085079,38.085043,38.085021,38.084992,38.084958,38.084934,38.084919,38.084886,38.084831,38.084795,38.084778,38.084731,38.084725,38.084714,38.084655,38.084617,38.084527,38.084432,38.084338,38.084202,38.084105,38.083978,38.083766,38.083608,38.083486,38.082923,38.082832,38.082767,38.082678,38.082616,38.082536,38.082417,38.082283,38.08227,38.082261,38.082268,38.082279,38.082309,38.082463,38.082541,38.082986,38.083127,38.083191,38.083267,38.083336,38.083433,38.083484,38.083524,38.083532,38.083582,38.083628,38.083682,38.083753,38.083848,38.083935,38.084029,38.084095,38.084143,38.084171,38.084185,38.084187,38.084179,38.084149,38.084122,38.084112,38.084076,38.084025,38.083959,38.083887,38.08377,38.083629,38.083339,38.083271,38.0832,38.083103,38.082825,38.082778,38.082746,38.082741,38.082735,38.082715,38.082681,38.082632,38.082502,38.082404,38.082308,38.08228,38.082251,38.0822,38.082162,38.082092,38.081637,38.081427,38.081313,38.081083,38.080962,38.08077,38.079719,38.07948,38.07917,38.078961,38.078874,38.078491,38.078334,38.077809,38.076997,38.076711,38.076096,38.075089,38.074576,38.073955,38.073749,38.073501,38.07319,38.072941,38.072399,38.072242,38.072069,38.071145,38.071014,38.070845,38.070227,38.070123,38.06982,38.06941,38.069244,38.068147,38.067666,38.067434,38.067129,38.067031,38.066307,38.065794,38.065586,38.065528,38.065292,38.064231,38.06393,38.063728,38.063537,38.063464,38.063069,38.062959,38.062893,38.062853,38.06271,38.062585,38.062493,38.062391,38.062282,38.062138,38.061987,38.061508,38.061193,38.059638,38.059365,38.05861,38.058549,38.058252,38.057961,38.057678,38.057266,38.057193,38.056978,38.056763,38.056726,38.056558,38.056364,38.056253,38.055524,38.055472,38.055198,38.055064,38.054487,38.054324,38.054129,38.053423,38.053226,38.053169,38.053052,38.052873,38.05275,38.052418,38.052024,38.051709,38.051371,38.050966,38.050819,38.050609,38.050383,38.050116,38.049851,38.049651,38.049461,38.049407,38.049352,38.048974,38.048572,38.048389,38.048181,38.048051,38.047636,38.047518,38.047409,38.047215,38.047033,38.046683,38.046521,38.046424,38.04625,38.046026,38.045997,38.045942,38.045761,38.045669,38.045516,38.045348,38.045252,38.045169,38.045017,38.044973,38.044943,38.044929,38.044925,38.044924,38.044949,38.044973,38.045025,38.045091,38.045154,38.045286,38.045335,38.045371,38.045395,38.0454,38.045398,38.045387,38.045337,38.045251,38.045129,38.045079,38.045049,38.044999,38.044936,38.044883,38.044841,38.044752,38.044651,38.044608,38.044486,38.044356,38.044218,38.044151,38.043802,38.042971,38.042249,38.041851,38.04095,38.040544,38.040262,38.040022,38.039786,38.03967,38.038829,38.038597,38.038406,38.038145,38.038061,38.037888,38.03771,38.03749,38.037191,38.037041,38.036613,38.036316,38.036205,38.035557,38.034332,38.033969,38.033807,38.033679,38.033555,38.033241,38.032873,38.032417,38.032189,38.032125,38.031668,38.03137,38.030677,38.030454,38.030297,38.030139,38.029866,38.029759,38.029522,38.029401,38.029239,38.028681,38.028517,38.028415,38.028282,38.028149,38.028042,38.02792,38.027853,38.027707,38.027552,38.027488,38.027178,38.026951,38.026714,38.026548,38.026244,38.026056,38.025949,38.025815,38.025694,38.02563,38.025262,38.025207,38.025064,38.025004,38.024957,38.024925,38.024896,38.024809,38.024786,38.02478,38.024777,38.024794,38.024823,38.024844,38.024847,38.024841,38.024839,38.024823,38.024773,38.024698,38.024609,38.02457,38.024541,38.024461,38.024367,38.024109,38.023741,38.023552,38.023346,38.023254,38.022548,38.022285,38.021604,38.021225,38.020796,38.020666,38.019937,38.019324,38.019144,38.018817,38.018462,38.018312,38.017975,38.017646,38.017111,38.016713,38.016487,38.016389,38.016178,38.01603,38.01587,38.015596,38.015272,38.014983,38.014709,38.013971,38.013596,38.012746,38.012594,38.01152,38.010128,38.009886,38.00964,38.008931,38.008613,38.008451,38.008316,38.00798,38.007848,38.007594,38.007283,38.006907,38.006568,38.00529,38.004681,38.004677,38.004512,38.0045,38.004503,38.004512,38.004521,38.004553,38.004579,38.004618,38.004716,38.004864,38.004961,38.004998,38.005021,38.005041,38.005079,38.005128,38.005172,38.005254,38.005145,38.005044,38.004829,38.004652,38.00375,38.003277,38.003168,38.00296,38.002816,38.002693,38.001814,38.001519,38.001332,38.001182,38.001037,38.00089,38.000783,38.000659,38.00058,38.000435,38.000216,37.999793,37.999667,37.999446,37.999053,37.998908,37.998655,37.998601,37.998262,37.998108,37.997794,37.997338,37.996963,37.996701,37.996317,37.996166,37.995731,37.99499,37.994197,37.993856,37.993572,37.993085,37.992938,37.992767,37.992656,37.992616,37.992564,37.992492,37.992452,37.992394,37.992354,37.992316,37.992271,37.992128,37.992066,37.991928,37.991893,37.991539,37.991335,37.991259,37.991197,37.991149,37.991092,37.991061,37.991022,37.990996,37.990998,37.991013,37.991029,37.99105,37.991109,37.991167,37.991285,37.992411,37.992569,37.992819,37.993222,37.993287,37.993357,37.993385,37.993408,37.993416,37.993418,37.993417,37.992446,37.991857,37.991727,37.991561,37.991383,37.991206,37.991017,37.990763,37.990621,37.989538,37.988403,37.987051,37.986092,37.985888,37.985023,37.984761,37.984584,37.98436,37.984133,37.983824,37.983578,37.983039,37.983008,37.982935,37.982893,37.982845,37.982798,37.982733,37.98247,37.981911,37.981801,37.981591,37.98151,37.98147,37.981304,37.981077,37.980522,37.980042,37.978687,37.978253,37.9781,37.977353,37.976937,37.976665,37.976104,37.975933,37.975799,37.97562,37.975297,37.975207,37.975129,37.975062,37.975009,37.974867,37.974571,37.974297,37.974044,37.973908,37.973798,37.973694,37.973628,37.973501,37.973323,37.972946,37.972778,37.972639,37.972575,37.972548,37.972502,37.972481,37.972345,37.97223,37.972118,37.971775,37.971267,37.970584,37.96996,37.969662,37.9695,37.969305,37.968952,37.96855,37.968182,37.967898,37.967584,37.967503,37.967378,37.967202,37.967047,37.966883,37.966599,37.966252,37.965917,37.965645,37.965447,37.965224,37.965,37.964786,37.963562,37.963213,37.963118,37.962477,37.962291,37.96148,37.961061,37.959954,37.959514,37.958966,37.958459,37.958298,37.95807,37.957888,37.957616,37.957394,37.957117,37.956979,37.95662,37.956368,37.956294,37.955663,37.955353,37.954877,37.954805,37.95426,37.953299,37.952871,37.952704,37.952597,37.952535,37.952455,37.952342,37.952283,37.952088,37.951823,37.951669,37.951549,37.951283,37.951175,37.95114,37.950971,37.950788,37.950662,37.950523,37.950329,37.950204,37.949987,37.949801,37.949666,37.949543,37.94946,37.949168,37.949128,37.948992,37.948521,37.948391,37.947929,37.947608,37.947382,37.94702,37.946912,37.946851,37.946765,37.946667,37.946418,37.946213,37.946102,37.945569,37.94504,37.944787,37.944633,37.944437,37.944375,37.943605,37.943165,37.942922,37.942215,37.942391,37.94258,37.942858,37.942995,37.943113,37.943303,37.943448,37.943618,37.943839,37.944023,37.944195,37.944278,37.944351,37.944433,37.944528,37.944642,37.944736,37.944827,37.944864,37.944908,37.944923,37.944997,37.945508,37.945824,37.946357,37.946812,37.947195,37.947352,37.947399,37.947448,37.947462,37.947486,37.947551,37.947586,37.947619,37.947646,37.9477,37.947748,37.94778,37.947887,37.947994,37.948203,37.948357,37.948484,37.948539,37.948623,37.948704,37.948758,37.949013,37.949322,37.949505,37.9496,37.949696,37.949791,37.949866,37.95003,37.950075,37.950528,37.950689,37.951071,37.951114,37.951259,37.951642,37.952298,37.953423,37.953544,37.953663,37.953801,37.953867,37.954073,37.954592,37.954728,37.954868,37.954957,37.955253,37.955437,37.955729,37.95629,37.956466,37.956639,37.956808,37.956949,37.957142,37.957381,37.957704,37.957833,37.958138,37.958372,37.958771,37.958975,37.959048,37.959152,37.959391,37.959691,37.959971,37.960657,37.961109,37.961396,37.961786,37.962136,37.962531,37.96268,37.962801,37.962952,37.963103,37.963806,37.963983,37.964115,37.96416,37.964335,37.964474,37.964667,37.964996,37.965397,37.965962,37.966521,37.966711,37.96688,37.967335,37.967497,37.967698,37.967904,37.968114,37.968219,37.968414,37.968527,37.968943,37.969368,37.969515,37.969695,37.970368,37.970808,37.971133,37.971514,37.971819,37.971875,37.971986,37.972105,37.972225,37.972374,37.972493,37.973163,37.973627,37.974405,37.975212,37.975354,37.975487,37.97553,37.975609,37.975677,37.97586,37.976084,37.976444,37.976814,37.976932,37.977068,37.977159,37.977378,37.977545,37.977652,37.977837,37.978007,37.978194,37.978348,37.978936,37.978958,37.979071,37.979579,37.979697,37.979864,37.979954,37.980105,37.980253,37.980397,37.980508,37.980678,37.981255,37.981396,37.981587,37.981879,37.982212,37.982692,37.98285,37.98301,37.983138,37.983701,37.98384,37.98426,37.984505,37.98475,37.984994,37.985241,37.985437,37.986146,37.986539,37.986711,37.986938,37.987219,37.987326,37.987465,37.987634,37.987795,37.987984,37.988122,37.988247,37.988407,37.988576,37.989042,37.989071,37.990259,37.990668,37.990798,37.990867,37.991067,37.991268]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.306466,-78.305779,-78.303899,-78.303075,-78.299727,-78.298663,-78.296879,-78.296122,-78.295032,-78.293178,-78.291825,-78.289254,-78.287237,-78.284962,-78.28492,-78.283595,-78.280679,-78.279137,-78.279001,-78.278935,-78.278492,-78.278374,-78.277636,-78.277469,-78.276507,-78.275381,-78.274773,-78.271446,-78.269683,-78.265879,-78.262995,-78.262106,-78.259842,-78.259769,-78.259608,-78.257329,-78.253989,-78.253686,-78.253201,-78.252926,-78.252682,-78.252413,-78.252176,-78.251529,-78.250544,-78.250047,-78.249904,-78.249744,-78.249693,-78.249559,-78.249472,-78.249254,-78.249043,-78.248895,-78.248772,-78.248705,-78.248635,-78.248435,-78.248346,-78.248289,-78.248197,-78.24812,-78.248041,-78.248014,-78.247969,-78.247964,-78.24792,-78.247904,-78.247853,-78.247754,-78.247638,-78.247588,-78.24754,-78.247332,-78.247112,-78.247032,-78.246946,-78.246858,-78.246749,-78.246664,-78.24658,-78.246366,-78.246133,-78.246014,-78.245879,-78.245768,-78.245734,-78.245631,-78.245545,-78.245345,-78.245279,-78.245202,-78.244923,-78.244834,-78.244786,-78.244744,-78.244652,-78.244542,-78.244211,-78.24403,-78.243874,-78.24377,-78.243592,-78.24344,-78.243385,-78.243125,-78.242868,-78.242686,-78.242601,-78.242533,-78.242482,-78.242451,-78.242432,-78.242411,-78.242401,-78.242407,-78.242422,-78.242303,-78.24211,-78.241324,-78.241015,-78.240784,-78.239826,-78.239146,-78.23838,-78.237471,-78.236812,-78.235882,-78.235512,-78.235166,-78.234741,-78.234629,-78.234528,-78.234433,-78.234396,-78.234161,-78.234017,-78.23386,-78.233749,-78.233606,-78.2335,-78.233376,-78.233294,-78.233135,-78.232961,-78.232511,-78.232166,-78.231897,-78.231746,-78.231326,-78.23098,-78.230586,-78.229851,-78.229326,-78.229145,-78.22872,-78.228552,-78.228396,-78.227318,-78.22694,-78.226796,-78.226561,-78.226396,-78.226279,-78.226129,-78.225998,-78.22564,-78.225369,-78.225115,-78.224816,-78.224572,-78.224125,-78.223538,-78.223218,-78.222956,-78.222593,-78.222418,-78.222197,-78.22193,-78.221404,-78.221062,-78.220774,-78.220418,-78.22002,-78.219551,-78.219183,-78.218905,-78.218626,-78.218523,-78.218287,-78.218101,-78.217918,-78.216538,-78.216067,-78.215879,-78.215649,-78.21547,-78.215148,-78.214837,-78.214589,-78.214346,-78.213937,-78.213751,-78.21361,-78.213374,-78.213194,-78.213015,-78.212859,-78.212456,-78.211945,-78.211772,-78.211454,-78.211269,-78.211079,-78.210881,-78.210523,-78.210386,-78.210264,-78.209984,-78.209867,-78.209754,-78.209626,-78.209363,-78.209224,-78.209039,-78.208696,-78.208517,-78.2082,-78.207918,-78.207859,-78.207703,-78.207245,-78.206277,-78.205965,-78.205746,-78.205081,-78.204482,-78.203561,-78.203432,-78.203336,-78.203227,-78.203079,-78.202997,-78.202829,-78.202766,-78.202674,-78.202612,-78.202256,-78.202002,-78.201741,-78.201628,-78.201549,-78.201237,-78.201028,-78.200814,-78.200603,-78.200143,-78.199973,-78.199771,-78.199673,-78.199548,-78.199468,-78.199396,-78.199299,-78.199198,-78.199095,-78.198694,-78.197671,-78.19612,-78.195775,-78.195365,-78.195093,-78.194278,-78.193981,-78.193574,-78.193016,-78.192407,-78.192177,-78.191818,-78.191042,-78.190605,-78.190521,-78.190372,-78.189332,-78.187296,-78.185894,-78.185431,-78.185059,-78.184153,-78.183881,-78.183444,-78.183021,-78.18172,-78.181434,-78.181156,-78.180595,-78.180119,-78.179906,-78.179617,-78.178481,-78.177147,-78.176017,-78.175487,-78.173297,-78.172978,-78.171404,-78.171077,-78.170937,-78.17049,-78.170083,-78.169176,-78.168749,-78.1683,-78.167821,-78.16735,-78.166764,-78.166642,-78.166468,-78.16636,-78.166185,-78.165852,-78.165582,-78.165546,-78.165465,-78.165411,-78.164939,-78.16466,-78.164393,-78.164249,-78.16415,-78.164092,-78.164028,-78.163936,-78.163861,-78.163628,-78.163516,-78.16336,-78.163051,-78.162825,-78.162624,-78.162384,-78.16215,-78.161615,-78.161258,-78.160764,-78.160493,-78.160251,-78.160136,-78.16005,-78.159933,-78.15963,-78.159416,-78.159158,-78.159046,-78.15882,-78.158519,-78.15838,-78.158082,-78.157918,-78.156624,-78.156112,-78.154604,-78.154273,-78.153697,-78.153329,-78.153086,-78.15245,-78.151879,-78.151792,-78.1517,-78.151636,-78.151587,-78.15155,-78.151388,-78.151379,-78.151341,-78.151324,-78.151286,-78.151219,-78.151147,-78.151043,-78.150443,-78.150126,-78.149969,-78.149578,-78.1493,-78.149038,-78.148656,-78.148512,-78.148179,-78.147888,-78.147799,-78.147643,-78.147573,-78.1475,-78.147374,-78.147113,-78.147046,-78.146989,-78.146957,-78.146941,-78.146932,-78.146943,-78.146986,-78.146994,-78.146947,-78.146915,-78.146854,-78.146851,-78.14684,-78.146818,-78.14673,-78.146672,-78.146604,-78.14658,-78.146543,-78.146476,-78.146288,-78.146152,-78.145802,-78.145529,-78.145369,-78.145054,-78.144876,-78.144724,-78.144659,-78.144635,-78.144609,-78.144599,-78.144513,-78.14441,-78.144292,-78.144157,-78.143941,-78.143846,-78.143594,-78.143121,-78.142925,-78.142788,-78.142558,-78.142443,-78.142234,-78.141779,-78.141247,-78.140769,-78.139973,-78.139449,-78.13916,-78.139034,-78.138936,-78.138634,-78.138367,-78.137898,-78.137747,-78.137682,-78.137602,-78.137529,-78.137448,-78.137102,-78.13624,-78.136134,-78.136171,-78.136435,-78.136497,-78.136567,-78.136802,-78.136858,-78.137059,-78.137142,-78.137233,-78.137711,-78.137878,-78.138162,-78.13828,-78.138329,-78.138655,-78.138863,-78.139216,-78.13973,-78.140298,-78.140451,-78.140548,-78.140659,-78.140832,-78.140992,-78.141117,-78.141859,-78.142019,-78.142172,-78.142297,-78.142498,-78.142769,-78.142894,-78.143123,-78.143331,-78.143428,-78.143962,-78.144073,-78.144323,-78.1444,-78.144629,-78.144719,-78.145225,-78.145281,-78.14533,-78.145628,-78.145691,-78.145982,-78.146169,-78.146253,-78.146531,-78.14669,-78.146704,-78.146559,-78.146524,-78.146482,-78.146427,-78.146371,-78.146115,-78.146066,-78.146039,-78.146018,-78.146094,-78.146108,-78.146067,-78.146081,-78.146108,-78.146143,-78.146206,-78.146504,-78.146886,-78.147149,-78.147253,-78.147531,-78.147559,-78.147573,-78.147566,-78.147573,-78.147587,-78.14783,-78.14801,-78.148093,-78.148191,-78.148399,-78.148641,-78.148801,-78.148988,-78.149176,-78.149335,-78.1498,-78.149897,-78.149966,-78.150126,-78.150161,-78.150272,-78.150417,-78.150528,-78.150834,-78.150938,-78.151069,-78.15118,-78.15125,-78.151305,-78.151382,-78.151444,-78.151479,-78.151472,-78.151417,-78.151389,-78.151362,-78.151327,-78.151202,-78.151161,-78.151154,-78.151182,-78.151293,-78.151341,-78.151369,-78.151439,-78.151522,-78.151931,-78.152077,-78.152216,-78.152382,-78.152549,-78.152979,-78.153485,-78.153707,-78.154116,-78.154172,-78.154255,-78.154879,-78.15499,-78.155295,-78.155399,-78.155767,-78.15594,-78.156079,-78.156218,-78.156752,-78.157432,-78.157896,-78.158167,-78.158462,-78.158729,-78.158882,-78.159048,-78.159825,-78.160012,-78.160422,-78.160748,-78.16124,-78.161594,-78.161844,-78.16201,-78.162156,-78.162246,-78.162773,-78.162884,-78.163009,-78.163106,-78.163419,-78.163647,-78.163932,-78.164008,-78.164223,-78.164348,-78.164507,-78.164792,-78.16509,-78.165292,-78.165361,-78.165458,-78.165576,-78.165673,-78.165881,-78.166041,-78.166089,-78.166124,-78.166242,-78.166291,-78.166478,-78.166533,-78.166658,-78.166901,-78.166957,-78.167047,-78.167109,-78.167227,-78.167304,-78.167318,-78.167269,-78.167269,-78.167297,-78.167332,-78.167491,-78.168164,-78.168233,-78.168594,-78.168754,-78.169225,-78.169337,-78.169482,-78.169559,-78.16969,-78.169822,-78.169857,-78.170051,-78.170093,-78.170134,-78.170197,-78.170426,-78.170488,-78.170544,-78.170606,-78.170682,-78.171043,-78.171127,-78.171237,-78.171335,-78.171473,-78.171827,-78.171952,-78.172,-78.172035,-78.17207,-78.172084,-78.172063,-78.172035,-78.172007,-78.171917,-78.171806,-78.171765,-78.171682,-78.171591,-78.171598,-78.171619,-78.171806,-78.171834,-78.171848,-78.171793,-78.17182,-78.171883,-78.17207,-78.172126,-78.172181,-78.172251,-78.172521,-78.172646,-78.172715,-78.172778,-78.173028,-78.173194,-78.173298,-78.173617,-78.173735,-78.173777,-78.173798,-78.173818,-78.173957,-78.173978,-78.174027,-78.174089,-78.174165,-78.174207,-78.174249,-78.174429,-78.174484,-78.174526,-78.174477,-78.174477,-78.174595,-78.174984,-78.175088,-78.17522,-78.175324,-78.175594,-78.175664,-78.176316,-78.176558,-78.176628,-78.176732,-78.176808,-78.176905,-78.177009,-78.177238,-78.17764,-78.177737,-78.177959,-78.178161,-78.17841,-78.1785,-78.17859,-78.178764,-78.179,-78.179568,-78.179683,-78.180297,-78.180388,-78.178959,-78.178151,-78.177916,-78.177182,-78.176704,-78.175359,-78.173788,-78.173332,-78.173003,-78.172202,-78.170979,-78.170476,-78.170029,-78.16957,-78.169517,-78.169115,-78.168762,-78.168249,-78.167251,-78.165671,-78.164554,-78.16395,-78.164014,-78.164112,-78.164208,-78.164287,-78.164355,-78.164534,-78.164555,-78.164561,-78.164551,-78.164508,-78.164367,-78.164361,-78.164382,-78.164415,-78.164454,-78.164504,-78.164618,-78.164705,-78.1648,-78.164907,-78.165027,-78.165163,-78.165334,-78.165593,-78.166086,-78.166294,-78.166539,-78.167247,-78.169131,-78.169932,-78.170389,-78.170739,-78.170956,-78.171013,-78.171458,-78.172061,-78.172379,-78.172781,-78.173397,-78.173623,-78.173855,-78.173929,-78.173955,-78.17397,-78.174004,-78.174087,-78.174106,-78.174134,-78.174198,-78.174298,-78.177257,-78.180617,-78.180982,-78.181078,-78.188321,-78.190165,-78.192125,-78.193025,-78.195818,-78.195959,-78.201087,-78.203293,-78.205125,-78.205325,-78.207391,-78.208822,-78.209001,-78.213229,-78.213999,-78.214042,-78.214403,-78.21455,-78.214623,-78.214631,-78.214654,-78.21474,-78.215163,-78.215559,-78.219157,-78.219244,-78.219303,-78.219381,-78.219455,-78.220092,-78.220143,-78.220247,-78.220266,-78.220546,-78.220631,-78.221516,-78.221668,-78.221755,-78.221891,-78.2219,-78.222501,-78.223179,-78.223247,-78.223267,-78.223286,-78.223299,-78.223307,-78.223317,-78.223364,-78.223524,-78.223813,-78.227941,-78.228263,-78.230126,-78.230175,-78.230204,-78.230625,-78.231209,-78.231314,-78.231426,-78.232374,-78.232626,-78.234627,-78.235643,-78.236126,-78.237726,-78.238626,-78.239026,-78.241928,-78.242926,-78.243826,-78.245229,-78.245739,-78.245752,-78.245766,-78.246532,-78.246961,-78.24802,-78.249125,-78.249139,-78.249181,-78.249218,-78.249235,-78.249259,-78.249725,-78.249725,-78.249726,-78.249927,-78.250529,-78.25074,-78.250846,-78.251327,-78.251928,-78.252227,-78.252429,-78.252527,-78.252725,-78.252868,-78.253011,-78.253296,-78.254295,-78.254517,-78.255325,-78.255498,-78.25555,-78.255628,-78.256727,-78.258027,-78.260827,-78.260966,-78.262627,-78.264027,-78.265231,-78.266101,-78.266405,-78.266435,-78.266536,-78.26685,-78.266926,-78.266956,-78.266976,-78.267124,-78.269123,-78.270454,-78.272027,-78.272532,-78.272654,-78.272822,-78.272845,-78.272969,-78.273024,-78.273086,-78.273097,-78.273108,-78.27319,-78.274032,-78.274191,-78.27506,-78.275804,-78.275822,-78.275881,-78.275979,-78.276527,-78.277434,-78.278137,-78.278228,-78.278535,-78.279039,-78.279378,-78.279428,-78.280138,-78.280728,-78.282431,-78.283056,-78.283212,-78.283368,-78.283837,-78.2841,-78.284133,-78.284166,-78.284231,-78.284822,-78.286533,-78.286653,-78.287428,-78.287511,-78.287609,-78.288919,-78.288941,-78.288971,-78.289783,-78.290044,-78.291999,-78.292598,-78.293709,-78.293744,-78.293797,-78.294042,-78.29406,-78.294071,-78.294098,-78.295702,-78.297492,-78.297852,-78.298334,-78.298487,-78.298634,-78.298759,-78.298778,-78.298837,-78.299281,-78.299361,-78.299443,-78.299558,-78.299626,-78.299671,-78.299892,-78.299927,-78.299988,-78.300208,-78.300228,-78.30024,-78.301158,-78.301201,-78.301299,-78.301596,-78.301877,-78.304043,-78.304325,-78.304337,-78.304348,-78.305857,-78.306763,-78.306466],"lat":[38.006794,38.007526,38.009535,38.010414,38.013993,38.015129,38.017034,38.017844,38.019005,38.020989,38.022431,38.025177,38.027332,38.029761,38.029806,38.031456,38.035088,38.037001,38.03717,38.037252,38.037803,38.03795,38.038867,38.039075,38.040274,38.041677,38.042429,38.045697,38.047433,38.051154,38.053983,38.054849,38.057073,38.05715,38.05731,38.059536,38.062813,38.06327,38.063144,38.063081,38.063037,38.062997,38.062968,38.062882,38.062743,38.062677,38.062654,38.062616,38.0626,38.062539,38.062487,38.062339,38.062172,38.062063,38.061944,38.061863,38.061784,38.061558,38.061481,38.061447,38.061416,38.061401,38.061395,38.061396,38.06104,38.060834,38.060343,38.060212,38.060008,38.059669,38.059334,38.059165,38.058998,38.058239,38.057496,38.057194,38.056836,38.056533,38.056224,38.056003,38.055818,38.055442,38.054958,38.054755,38.054559,38.054385,38.054328,38.054129,38.053925,38.053276,38.053097,38.052899,38.052234,38.051982,38.051817,38.051662,38.051375,38.051093,38.050344,38.04994,38.049617,38.049455,38.049212,38.048995,38.048912,38.048493,38.048063,38.047724,38.047529,38.047331,38.047129,38.046953,38.046818,38.0466,38.046327,38.046054,38.045874,38.045822,38.045742,38.045445,38.045346,38.045281,38.045047,38.044799,38.044501,38.044156,38.043901,38.043557,38.043415,38.043291,38.043123,38.043054,38.042976,38.042878,38.04283,38.042489,38.042258,38.041975,38.041728,38.041327,38.041093,38.040864,38.040729,38.04053,38.040338,38.0399,38.039587,38.039362,38.039246,38.038951,38.038723,38.038491,38.038092,38.037825,38.037737,38.037538,38.037443,38.037337,38.036572,38.036303,38.036204,38.036053,38.035957,38.035905,38.035861,38.035839,38.035817,38.035808,38.035785,38.035741,38.03569,38.035566,38.0354,38.035303,38.035237,38.035169,38.035143,38.035124,38.035118,38.035153,38.035181,38.035217,38.035277,38.035352,38.035422,38.035472,38.035494,38.035502,38.035499,38.035473,38.035442,38.035401,38.035068,38.034967,38.03492,38.034849,38.034784,38.034637,38.034476,38.034337,38.034218,38.034044,38.033948,38.033862,38.033695,38.033585,38.033487,38.033425,38.033305,38.033147,38.033078,38.032904,38.032794,38.032661,38.032519,38.032228,38.032091,38.031945,38.031581,38.031402,38.031256,38.031117,38.030867,38.030756,38.030629,38.030427,38.030328,38.030182,38.030059,38.030034,38.02998,38.029811,38.029473,38.029355,38.029258,38.029038,38.028827,38.028527,38.02847,38.028415,38.028337,38.028187,38.028093,38.02788,38.027781,38.027664,38.027597,38.027282,38.027076,38.026876,38.026769,38.026677,38.02626,38.025973,38.025708,38.025384,38.02472,38.024517,38.024343,38.024259,38.024144,38.024093,38.02406,38.024031,38.024015,38.024014,38.024042,38.024104,38.024277,38.024324,38.024361,38.02439,38.024467,38.024491,38.024524,38.024582,38.024656,38.024678,38.024696,38.024768,38.024796,38.024807,38.024827,38.024934,38.025106,38.025245,38.025295,38.025322,38.025411,38.025442,38.025478,38.025523,38.025636,38.025664,38.025686,38.025745,38.025789,38.025803,38.025832,38.025933,38.026066,38.026173,38.026218,38.026419,38.026443,38.026599,38.026644,38.026665,38.026703,38.026743,38.026822,38.026864,38.026915,38.026961,38.027,38.027037,38.02704,38.027031,38.027016,38.026966,38.026847,38.026735,38.026712,38.026646,38.026586,38.026012,38.025626,38.025202,38.02485,38.02459,38.024382,38.024203,38.024003,38.023868,38.023535,38.023399,38.023225,38.022829,38.022564,38.022318,38.022054,38.021772,38.021162,38.020802,38.020297,38.020036,38.01982,38.019705,38.019603,38.019478,38.019173,38.018933,38.018632,38.018509,38.018236,38.017854,38.017698,38.017345,38.017143,38.017172,38.017179,38.017166,38.017169,38.017167,38.017149,38.017126,38.017043,38.016938,38.016908,38.016855,38.016799,38.016735,38.01665,38.014898,38.014793,38.014525,38.014467,38.014375,38.014272,38.014194,38.014113,38.013621,38.013345,38.013189,38.012741,38.012391,38.012051,38.011541,38.011358,38.010911,38.010502,38.010358,38.01014,38.01003,38.009888,38.009557,38.008926,38.008731,38.008493,38.008317,38.008205,38.008032,38.007879,38.007502,38.007358,38.006995,38.006686,38.006268,38.006178,38.006062,38.00595,38.005399,38.004931,38.004503,38.004269,38.004134,38.003977,38.003659,38.003443,38.002949,38.002554,38.002353,38.001984,38.001795,38.00161,38.001537,38.001487,38.001407,38.001386,38.001271,38.001147,38.001018,38.000856,38.000527,38.000347,37.999753,37.998791,37.998409,37.998179,37.997827,37.997678,37.99742,37.996875,37.996284,37.995792,37.994994,37.994482,37.994246,37.994132,37.994035,37.993731,37.993431,37.992838,37.992659,37.992575,37.992499,37.992446,37.992399,37.992236,37.991844,37.991793,37.991766,37.991607,37.991601,37.991607,37.991739,37.99175,37.991695,37.99164,37.991607,37.991558,37.991591,37.991597,37.991608,37.991624,37.991811,37.991916,37.99202,37.992212,37.992476,37.992526,37.992542,37.992553,37.992548,37.992509,37.99246,37.99212,37.992032,37.991917,37.991791,37.991544,37.991248,37.991127,37.990935,37.990781,37.990721,37.990463,37.990397,37.990194,37.990101,37.989876,37.989832,37.989728,37.989695,37.989651,37.98925,37.989184,37.989003,37.988844,37.98874,37.988268,37.987972,37.987884,37.987697,37.987637,37.987499,37.987428,37.98739,37.987296,37.987269,37.98723,37.987181,37.987005,37.986928,37.986654,37.986577,37.986528,37.986489,37.986445,37.986286,37.986028,37.985891,37.98582,37.985562,37.985518,37.985485,37.985392,37.985309,37.985287,37.985128,37.984958,37.984898,37.984854,37.984783,37.984722,37.984695,37.984684,37.984695,37.984717,37.984827,37.984838,37.984838,37.984789,37.984767,37.984695,37.984558,37.98447,37.98441,37.984377,37.984322,37.984257,37.984196,37.984125,37.98401,37.983883,37.983697,37.98357,37.98334,37.982906,37.982785,37.982719,37.982538,37.982445,37.982362,37.982236,37.981989,37.981781,37.98172,37.981643,37.981577,37.981303,37.981347,37.981358,37.981353,37.981331,37.981232,37.98115,37.981095,37.980953,37.980942,37.980942,37.981013,37.981041,37.981216,37.981266,37.981381,37.981403,37.981414,37.981409,37.981343,37.98131,37.981267,37.981217,37.981145,37.981064,37.980993,37.980888,37.980345,37.980169,37.979955,37.97984,37.979637,37.97956,37.979478,37.979434,37.979412,37.979407,37.979423,37.979418,37.979396,37.979363,37.979166,37.979094,37.9791,37.979116,37.979133,37.979127,37.9791,37.978979,37.978683,37.978447,37.978386,37.978343,37.978304,37.978249,37.977997,37.977892,37.977849,37.977805,37.977585,37.977547,37.977437,37.977382,37.977184,37.976981,37.976915,37.976822,37.976734,37.976504,37.976317,37.976224,37.975971,37.975894,37.975817,37.975774,37.975653,37.975296,37.975236,37.974857,37.974714,37.974346,37.974237,37.973962,37.973869,37.973759,37.973638,37.973583,37.973183,37.973122,37.973078,37.973046,37.972958,37.972925,37.972881,37.972727,37.972617,37.97231,37.972261,37.972211,37.972189,37.972178,37.9722,37.972173,37.972151,37.972123,37.972041,37.971926,37.971827,37.971767,37.971739,37.971695,37.971624,37.971574,37.971388,37.971229,37.971196,37.971174,37.971069,37.971031,37.970971,37.970723,37.970625,37.970608,37.970597,37.970586,37.970542,37.970455,37.969971,37.969664,37.96956,37.969499,37.969302,37.96906,37.96895,37.968736,37.968616,37.968528,37.968281,37.968215,37.96805,37.968006,37.96782,37.967655,37.96749,37.96743,37.967408,37.967386,37.967364,37.967315,37.967199,37.967172,37.967095,37.967029,37.967002,37.966947,37.96687,37.966552,37.966486,37.965992,37.965794,37.96569,37.965437,37.965294,37.965152,37.965047,37.964883,37.964663,37.964586,37.964339,37.964142,37.964175,37.964175,37.964158,37.964087,37.963966,37.963637,37.963577,37.963307,37.963259,37.962699,37.962391,37.962301,37.96204,37.961862,37.961392,37.960884,37.96073,37.960634,37.960389,37.960033,37.959888,37.959768,37.959635,37.959621,37.959512,37.959426,37.95929,37.959043,37.958662,37.95838,37.958227,37.957909,37.957463,37.957081,37.956686,37.956408,37.955628,37.955458,37.955153,37.954991,37.954761,37.954214,37.954091,37.953915,37.953784,37.953681,37.953581,37.953447,37.953364,37.953286,37.953214,37.953148,37.953085,37.953019,37.952944,37.952819,37.952793,37.952746,37.952558,37.952035,37.951819,37.951694,37.951572,37.951487,37.951465,37.951263,37.950978,37.95083,37.950631,37.95034,37.950268,37.95021,37.950196,37.950208,37.950215,37.95023,37.950239,37.950241,37.950245,37.950252,37.950263,37.950592,37.950964,37.951004,37.951015,37.951818,37.952022,37.95224,37.95244,37.953571,37.953628,37.955705,37.956598,37.95734,37.95744,37.959198,37.960416,37.960568,37.964165,37.96482,37.964857,37.965164,37.965289,37.965351,37.965358,37.965377,37.96545,37.96581,37.966147,37.969208,37.969295,37.969354,37.969431,37.969504,37.970102,37.970142,37.970225,37.97024,37.970462,37.970529,37.97123,37.97135,37.971419,37.971524,37.971542,37.972052,37.97263,37.972688,37.972705,37.972721,37.972732,37.972739,37.972748,37.972788,37.972924,37.97317,37.976686,37.976962,37.97854,37.97855,37.978563,37.978641,37.978858,37.978898,37.97894,37.979256,37.97934,37.979841,37.980179,37.98034,37.98074,37.98104,37.98114,37.981958,37.98224,37.98254,37.982841,37.982919,37.982921,37.982923,37.98304,37.983126,37.983338,37.983539,37.983545,37.983563,37.983578,37.983585,37.983595,37.98379,37.983816,37.98394,37.98394,37.98404,37.984093,37.98412,37.98424,37.98444,37.98444,37.98454,37.98454,37.984639,37.984687,37.984735,37.98483,37.985082,37.985138,37.985358,37.985405,37.985419,37.98544,37.98584,37.98624,37.98694,37.986971,37.98734,37.98764,37.98794,37.988124,37.988188,37.988194,37.988216,37.988282,37.988298,37.988304,37.988308,37.988339,37.989039,37.989449,37.98994,37.990116,37.990159,37.990218,37.990226,37.990269,37.990288,37.99031,37.990314,37.990318,37.990347,37.990642,37.9907,37.991016,37.991283,37.991289,37.99131,37.991345,37.99154,37.991966,37.992297,37.99234,37.992493,37.992746,37.992915,37.99294,37.993322,37.99364,37.994342,37.994699,37.994788,37.994877,37.995145,37.995303,37.995323,37.995343,37.995382,37.995737,37.996652,37.996717,37.99714,37.997179,37.997225,37.997836,37.997846,37.997859,37.998214,37.998334,37.999252,37.999533,38.000054,38.000071,38.000097,38.000216,38.000225,38.00023,38.000243,38.001048,38.00195,38.002131,38.002374,38.002451,38.002525,38.002588,38.002598,38.002628,38.002852,38.002892,38.002934,38.002992,38.003025,38.003047,38.003159,38.003177,38.003208,38.003319,38.003328,38.003334,38.003777,38.003798,38.003845,38.003988,38.004123,38.005166,38.005301,38.005307,38.005312,38.006034,38.006474,38.006794]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.253662,-78.252895,-78.251825,-78.247285,-78.244435,-78.243797,-78.243721,-78.242229,-78.241693,-78.236723,-78.23278,-78.228991,-78.227789,-78.227306,-78.22682,-78.226505,-78.224308,-78.223426,-78.221905,-78.221143,-78.215227,-78.212246,-78.212083,-78.211781,-78.211645,-78.210942,-78.210146,-78.209384,-78.209314,-78.208217,-78.208082,-78.207668,-78.207401,-78.206382,-78.204762,-78.204572,-78.204292,-78.20404,-78.201388,-78.200872,-78.19954,-78.19947,-78.199117,-78.19881,-78.197509,-78.195249,-78.194086,-78.19167,-78.188899,-78.188729,-78.18849,-78.187257,-78.187225,-78.187158,-78.186822,-78.186101,-78.185137,-78.18383,-78.183768,-78.183649,-78.183605,-78.183521,-78.18343,-78.183138,-78.182691,-78.182347,-78.181055,-78.180053,-78.179261,-78.178562,-78.178079,-78.177948,-78.177821,-78.177344,-78.177149,-78.176297,-78.176015,-78.175658,-78.175467,-78.175353,-78.175242,-78.175212,-78.175185,-78.175178,-78.175176,-78.175175,-78.175152,-78.17511,-78.174915,-78.174758,-78.174636,-78.174581,-78.17447,-78.174393,-78.174087,-78.173935,-78.173657,-78.173491,-78.173298,-78.17318,-78.173143,-78.173124,-78.173122,-78.172024,-78.171403,-78.170809,-78.170333,-78.169948,-78.169563,-78.169298,-78.169026,-78.168688,-78.168399,-78.168105,-78.167807,-78.167457,-78.167162,-78.166608,-78.165974,-78.165486,-78.164657,-78.164332,-78.163172,-78.162071,-78.16153,-78.161216,-78.161063,-78.160595,-78.160036,-78.15923,-78.158585,-78.158237,-78.157932,-78.157631,-78.157251,-78.156929,-78.156552,-78.156379,-78.155755,-78.1543,-78.153673,-78.153191,-78.152903,-78.15267,-78.152368,-78.151911,-78.151236,-78.15089,-78.14916,-78.148307,-78.147749,-78.147248,-78.146791,-78.146557,-78.146201,-78.145916,-78.145702,-78.144553,-78.143875,-78.143586,-78.143007,-78.140432,-78.13919,-78.138651,-78.138455,-78.138267,-78.137908,-78.137549,-78.137139,-78.136918,-78.136652,-78.136166,-78.136001,-78.135607,-78.135146,-78.134847,-78.134477,-78.134073,-78.133679,-78.133293,-78.133141,-78.132114,-78.131033,-78.13038,-78.129675,-78.128893,-78.128713,-78.128606,-78.128285,-78.127966,-78.127898,-78.127574,-78.127314,-78.127001,-78.126702,-78.126416,-78.126145,-78.125565,-78.125328,-78.124957,-78.124492,-78.12417,-78.123789,-78.122496,-78.122266,-78.122048,-78.121924,-78.121344,-78.12071,-78.120133,-78.119935,-78.119424,-78.119316,-78.11769,-78.11705,-78.116174,-78.115458,-78.115156,-78.114854,-78.114637,-78.114527,-78.114351,-78.114283,-78.114154,-78.114035,-78.113925,-78.113824,-78.11357,-78.113359,-78.112781,-78.112139,-78.111895,-78.111642,-78.111544,-78.11143,-78.111319,-78.111237,-78.11115,-78.111057,-78.111012,-78.110985,-78.110976,-78.110983,-78.111007,-78.11105,-78.111098,-78.111298,-78.111471,-78.111564,-78.111858,-78.111994,-78.112061,-78.1121,-78.112111,-78.112101,-78.112073,-78.112027,-78.111991,-78.1119,-78.111792,-78.111698,-78.111575,-78.111436,-78.111223,-78.111056,-78.110874,-78.110676,-78.110412,-78.110169,-78.109877,-78.109682,-78.109428,-78.108995,-78.106941,-78.104985,-78.104728,-78.104041,-78.103417,-78.102989,-78.102685,-78.102394,-78.102079,-78.101845,-78.101667,-78.101329,-78.101213,-78.101062,-78.100539,-78.100248,-78.099522,-78.099066,-78.098654,-78.097329,-78.096817,-78.096639,-78.096074,-78.09562,-78.095119,-78.093596,-78.093201,-78.093155,-78.093101,-78.091255,-78.091123,-78.090885,-78.090848,-78.09065,-78.090386,-78.09016,-78.089925,-78.089437,-78.08876,-78.088453,-78.08744,-78.087119,-78.08647,-78.08637,-78.0861,-78.085791,-78.085278,-78.085178,-78.084804,-78.08456,-78.084374,-78.083061,-78.08297,-78.082743,-78.082143,-78.081767,-78.081393,-78.081142,-78.08028,-78.079851,-78.079425,-78.078828,-78.078795,-78.078691,-78.078221,-78.078201,-78.078178,-78.078174,-78.078183,-78.078203,-78.078453,-78.078863,-78.079489,-78.07975,-78.079851,-78.079989,-78.080045,-78.080196,-78.080354,-78.081076,-78.081618,-78.082232,-78.0829,-78.083462,-78.084204,-78.084778,-78.085337,-78.085541,-78.085545,-78.085486,-78.085457,-78.085436,-78.08538,-78.085335,-78.085316,-78.085198,-78.085124,-78.085063,-78.085028,-78.085035,-78.085056,-78.085056,-78.085055,-78.085024,-78.085016,-78.084991,-78.084984,-78.084968,-78.084914,-78.084843,-78.084814,-78.084631,-78.084525,-78.0845,-78.084463,-78.084423,-78.084404,-78.084374,-78.08422,-78.084206,-78.084201,-78.084209,-78.084238,-78.084273,-78.084288,-78.084311,-78.084388,-78.084482,-78.084592,-78.084616,-78.085022,-78.08523,-78.085503,-78.085634,-78.085983,-78.086458,-78.086756,-78.087015,-78.087164,-78.087606,-78.087738,-78.087877,-78.087997,-78.088063,-78.08821,-78.088364,-78.088528,-78.08988,-78.090123,-78.090237,-78.090391,-78.090533,-78.090662,-78.090861,-78.090918,-78.091024,-78.091269,-78.091427,-78.091655,-78.092244,-78.092585,-78.092723,-78.092762,-78.092785,-78.092908,-78.093002,-78.093051,-78.09346,-78.09398,-78.094071,-78.094107,-78.094118,-78.09411,-78.094097,-78.094037,-78.094025,-78.093977,-78.093913,-78.09385,-78.093786,-78.093706,-78.093631,-78.093548,-78.093434,-78.09307,-78.092667,-78.092246,-78.091945,-78.091731,-78.091526,-78.091287,-78.091194,-78.091098,-78.091025,-78.090947,-78.090884,-78.090837,-78.090816,-78.090805,-78.090808,-78.090829,-78.090866,-78.090914,-78.091254,-78.091345,-78.091442,-78.091522,-78.091585,-78.091629,-78.09167,-78.091693,-78.091701,-78.09169,-78.091652,-78.091551,-78.091475,-78.091411,-78.091356,-78.091327,-78.0913,-78.091304,-78.091297,-78.091288,-78.091264,-78.091215,-78.091154,-78.091063,-78.09098,-78.090864,-78.090633,-78.089768,-78.089453,-78.089147,-78.088877,-78.088622,-78.088411,-78.088024,-78.08756,-78.087373,-78.087252,-78.086939,-78.086638,-78.08641,-78.086235,-78.086106,-78.085958,-78.085827,-78.085555,-78.08527,-78.085173,-78.08494,-78.084723,-78.084632,-78.084534,-78.084452,-78.0844,-78.08435,-78.0843,-78.084265,-78.084198,-78.084044,-78.083608,-78.083531,-78.083438,-78.083363,-78.082016,-78.081891,-78.081798,-78.081749,-78.081648,-78.08154,-78.081465,-78.081398,-78.081387,-78.081362,-78.081343,-78.081342,-78.081359,-78.081394,-78.081464,-78.081562,-78.081625,-78.081655,-78.081672,-78.081668,-78.081648,-78.08162,-78.08157,-78.081505,-78.081427,-78.081477,-78.081652,-78.081814,-78.08196,-78.082066,-78.082184,-78.082226,-78.082263,-78.082282,-78.082282,-78.082255,-78.082184,-78.082065,-78.082012,-78.081881,-78.081777,-78.081633,-78.081428,-78.081239,-78.081066,-78.080998,-78.080929,-78.080897,-78.080832,-78.080697,-78.080659,-78.080908,-78.08121,-78.081196,-78.081386,-78.081815,-78.082002,-78.08217,-78.082292,-78.082423,-78.082767,-78.083274,-78.084332,-78.084646,-78.084869,-78.085257,-78.086247,-78.086614,-78.087366,-78.087623,-78.088086,-78.088991,-78.089926,-78.09002,-78.090064,-78.09027,-78.090694,-78.091152,-78.092233,-78.092595,-78.093641,-78.094888,-78.095571,-78.095804,-78.096077,-78.096638,-78.097005,-78.097189,-78.097393,-78.097814,-78.098034,-78.098395,-78.098891,-78.099253,-78.100687,-78.101,-78.10123,-78.101303,-78.101218,-78.100626,-78.100547,-78.100598,-78.100754,-78.101139,-78.101394,-78.101522,-78.101657,-78.102026,-78.102789,-78.103086,-78.103076,-78.10319,-78.103541,-78.103681,-78.103737,-78.104154,-78.104448,-78.104479,-78.104577,-78.104941,-78.105608,-78.106268,-78.106843,-78.107007,-78.107196,-78.107421,-78.108057,-78.108327,-78.108641,-78.109139,-78.109386,-78.109551,-78.109912,-78.11015,-78.11069,-78.111289,-78.11408,-78.11447,-78.115002,-78.115468,-78.115932,-78.1162,-78.116335,-78.116544,-78.116776,-78.117425,-78.118382,-78.118806,-78.118864,-78.118625,-78.118411,-78.118363,-78.118889,-78.119156,-78.119431,-78.119608,-78.119825,-78.11986,-78.119895,-78.120191,-78.120313,-78.12044,-78.12064,-78.1212,-78.121453,-78.122127,-78.123277,-78.123352,-78.123612,-78.123645,-78.123409,-78.123305,-78.123316,-78.123405,-78.124064,-78.124722,-78.124951,-78.125069,-78.125152,-78.12534,-78.126019,-78.126394,-78.126512,-78.126616,-78.126741,-78.126873,-78.126977,-78.12706,-78.127137,-78.127463,-78.127713,-78.127866,-78.128303,-78.128483,-78.128684,-78.129156,-78.129357,-78.12976,-78.129919,-78.130259,-78.130516,-78.130578,-78.130752,-78.130842,-78.13105,-78.13121,-78.131466,-78.131987,-78.13207,-78.132452,-78.13293,-78.133423,-78.133929,-78.134179,-78.134262,-78.134366,-78.134512,-78.134678,-78.134887,-78.135074,-78.135317,-78.135386,-78.135435,-78.135463,-78.135477,-78.135456,-78.135463,-78.135491,-78.135547,-78.13563,-78.135706,-78.135873,-78.135984,-78.136134,-78.13624,-78.137102,-78.137448,-78.137529,-78.137602,-78.137682,-78.137747,-78.137898,-78.138367,-78.138634,-78.138936,-78.139034,-78.13916,-78.139449,-78.139973,-78.140769,-78.141247,-78.141779,-78.142234,-78.142443,-78.142558,-78.142788,-78.142925,-78.143121,-78.143594,-78.143846,-78.143941,-78.144157,-78.144292,-78.14441,-78.144513,-78.144599,-78.144609,-78.144635,-78.144659,-78.144724,-78.144876,-78.145054,-78.145369,-78.145529,-78.145802,-78.146152,-78.146288,-78.146476,-78.146543,-78.14658,-78.146604,-78.146672,-78.14673,-78.146818,-78.14684,-78.146851,-78.146854,-78.146915,-78.146947,-78.146994,-78.146986,-78.146943,-78.146932,-78.146941,-78.146957,-78.146989,-78.147046,-78.147113,-78.147374,-78.1475,-78.147573,-78.147643,-78.147799,-78.147888,-78.148179,-78.148512,-78.148656,-78.149038,-78.1493,-78.149578,-78.149969,-78.150126,-78.150443,-78.151043,-78.151147,-78.151219,-78.151286,-78.151324,-78.151341,-78.151379,-78.151388,-78.15155,-78.151587,-78.151636,-78.1517,-78.151792,-78.151879,-78.15245,-78.153086,-78.153329,-78.153697,-78.154273,-78.154604,-78.156112,-78.156624,-78.157918,-78.158082,-78.15838,-78.158519,-78.15882,-78.159046,-78.159158,-78.159416,-78.15963,-78.159933,-78.16005,-78.160136,-78.160251,-78.160493,-78.160764,-78.161258,-78.161615,-78.16215,-78.162384,-78.162624,-78.162825,-78.163051,-78.16336,-78.163516,-78.163628,-78.163861,-78.163936,-78.164028,-78.164092,-78.16415,-78.164249,-78.164393,-78.16466,-78.164939,-78.165411,-78.165465,-78.165546,-78.165582,-78.165852,-78.166185,-78.16636,-78.166468,-78.166642,-78.166764,-78.16735,-78.167821,-78.1683,-78.168749,-78.169176,-78.170083,-78.17049,-78.170937,-78.171077,-78.171404,-78.172978,-78.173297,-78.175487,-78.176017,-78.177147,-78.178481,-78.179617,-78.179906,-78.180119,-78.180595,-78.181156,-78.181434,-78.18172,-78.183021,-78.183444,-78.183881,-78.184153,-78.185059,-78.185431,-78.185894,-78.187296,-78.189332,-78.190372,-78.190521,-78.190605,-78.191042,-78.191818,-78.192177,-78.192407,-78.193016,-78.193574,-78.193981,-78.194278,-78.195093,-78.195365,-78.195775,-78.19612,-78.197671,-78.198694,-78.199095,-78.199198,-78.199299,-78.199396,-78.199468,-78.199548,-78.199673,-78.199771,-78.199973,-78.200143,-78.200603,-78.200814,-78.201028,-78.201237,-78.201549,-78.201628,-78.201741,-78.202002,-78.202256,-78.202612,-78.202674,-78.202766,-78.202829,-78.202997,-78.203079,-78.203227,-78.203336,-78.203432,-78.203561,-78.204482,-78.205081,-78.205746,-78.205965,-78.206277,-78.207245,-78.207703,-78.207859,-78.207918,-78.2082,-78.208517,-78.208696,-78.209039,-78.209224,-78.209363,-78.209626,-78.209754,-78.209867,-78.209984,-78.210264,-78.210386,-78.210523,-78.210881,-78.211079,-78.211269,-78.211454,-78.211772,-78.211945,-78.212456,-78.212859,-78.213015,-78.213194,-78.213374,-78.21361,-78.213751,-78.213937,-78.214346,-78.214589,-78.214837,-78.215148,-78.21547,-78.215649,-78.215879,-78.216067,-78.216538,-78.217918,-78.218101,-78.218287,-78.218523,-78.218626,-78.218905,-78.219183,-78.219551,-78.22002,-78.220418,-78.220774,-78.221062,-78.221404,-78.22193,-78.222197,-78.222418,-78.222593,-78.222956,-78.223218,-78.223538,-78.224125,-78.224572,-78.224816,-78.225115,-78.225369,-78.22564,-78.225998,-78.226129,-78.226279,-78.226396,-78.226561,-78.226796,-78.22694,-78.227318,-78.228396,-78.228552,-78.22872,-78.229145,-78.229326,-78.229851,-78.230586,-78.23098,-78.231326,-78.231746,-78.231897,-78.232166,-78.232511,-78.232961,-78.233135,-78.233294,-78.233376,-78.2335,-78.233606,-78.233749,-78.23386,-78.234017,-78.234161,-78.234396,-78.234433,-78.234528,-78.234629,-78.234741,-78.235166,-78.235512,-78.235882,-78.236812,-78.237471,-78.23838,-78.239146,-78.239826,-78.240784,-78.241015,-78.241324,-78.24211,-78.242303,-78.242422,-78.242407,-78.242401,-78.242411,-78.242432,-78.242451,-78.242482,-78.242533,-78.242601,-78.242686,-78.242868,-78.243125,-78.243385,-78.24344,-78.243592,-78.24377,-78.243874,-78.24403,-78.244211,-78.244542,-78.244652,-78.244744,-78.244786,-78.244834,-78.244923,-78.245202,-78.245279,-78.245345,-78.245545,-78.245631,-78.245734,-78.245768,-78.245879,-78.246014,-78.246133,-78.246366,-78.24658,-78.246664,-78.246749,-78.246858,-78.246946,-78.247032,-78.247112,-78.247332,-78.24754,-78.247588,-78.247638,-78.247754,-78.247853,-78.247904,-78.24792,-78.247964,-78.247969,-78.248014,-78.248041,-78.24812,-78.248197,-78.248289,-78.248346,-78.248435,-78.248635,-78.248705,-78.248772,-78.248895,-78.249043,-78.249254,-78.249472,-78.249559,-78.249693,-78.249744,-78.249904,-78.250047,-78.250544,-78.251529,-78.252176,-78.252413,-78.252682,-78.252926,-78.253201,-78.253686,-78.253662],"lat":[38.063306,38.064462,38.066075,38.072917,38.077206,38.078171,38.078291,38.080533,38.081339,38.088832,38.094788,38.100671,38.102542,38.103292,38.104048,38.104537,38.107955,38.109312,38.111703,38.112864,38.122057,38.126685,38.126938,38.127409,38.127618,38.128711,38.129944,38.131128,38.131117,38.130945,38.130924,38.130861,38.13082,38.130661,38.130409,38.13038,38.130336,38.130297,38.129883,38.129803,38.129596,38.129585,38.12953,38.129482,38.12928,38.128928,38.128747,38.128371,38.127939,38.127913,38.127876,38.127684,38.127679,38.127669,38.127786,38.12804,38.12837,38.128827,38.128858,38.128737,38.12869,38.128604,38.128511,38.128207,38.127717,38.127355,38.125975,38.12493,38.124058,38.123288,38.122739,38.122584,38.122444,38.121904,38.121675,38.120732,38.120431,38.120081,38.119905,38.119777,38.119615,38.119549,38.119452,38.119387,38.119305,38.119264,38.119147,38.119032,38.118648,38.118375,38.118198,38.118127,38.117996,38.117914,38.117602,38.117439,38.117127,38.116957,38.116735,38.116582,38.116501,38.116415,38.116388,38.115798,38.115455,38.115135,38.114878,38.114677,38.114492,38.114384,38.114289,38.114191,38.114123,38.11407,38.114031,38.114004,38.113994,38.113992,38.114005,38.114016,38.11404,38.114047,38.114073,38.114093,38.114091,38.114079,38.114072,38.114038,38.113994,38.11394,38.113885,38.113848,38.113803,38.113743,38.11365,38.113557,38.113428,38.113359,38.113101,38.112447,38.112173,38.111976,38.111882,38.111818,38.111748,38.111669,38.111564,38.111515,38.111258,38.111128,38.111048,38.110974,38.110921,38.110903,38.110894,38.110897,38.110906,38.111035,38.111155,38.111207,38.111314,38.111763,38.111966,38.112032,38.112052,38.112068,38.112088,38.112092,38.112082,38.112072,38.112056,38.112017,38.111996,38.11194,38.11186,38.111796,38.111705,38.11159,38.111461,38.111318,38.111258,38.110829,38.110376,38.110099,38.109794,38.109415,38.109324,38.109268,38.109084,38.108883,38.108837,38.10861,38.108415,38.108161,38.107897,38.107624,38.107341,38.10669,38.106432,38.106005,38.105503,38.105176,38.104825,38.103687,38.103506,38.103353,38.103271,38.10292,38.102552,38.102233,38.102127,38.101834,38.101772,38.100849,38.10049,38.099995,38.099588,38.09942,38.099236,38.099091,38.099015,38.09888,38.098823,38.098705,38.098581,38.098452,38.098318,38.097998,38.097732,38.096997,38.096186,38.095862,38.095493,38.09533,38.095106,38.094829,38.094583,38.094274,38.093839,38.093541,38.093238,38.092933,38.092619,38.092303,38.091988,38.091766,38.091034,38.09047,38.090143,38.089178,38.088688,38.088378,38.088129,38.08772,38.087412,38.087127,38.086842,38.086672,38.086374,38.086082,38.085862,38.085616,38.085382,38.085064,38.084846,38.084636,38.08443,38.084183,38.083983,38.083768,38.083638,38.083486,38.083238,38.082148,38.081108,38.080966,38.0806,38.080252,38.079992,38.079789,38.079574,38.07932,38.079112,38.07894,38.078581,38.07845,38.078273,38.077628,38.077276,38.076371,38.075791,38.075284,38.073636,38.072989,38.072756,38.072011,38.071374,38.070652,38.068514,38.067954,38.067888,38.067812,38.065196,38.065008,38.064668,38.064621,38.064368,38.064065,38.063827,38.063595,38.063159,38.062576,38.062318,38.061446,38.061175,38.060618,38.060536,38.060327,38.060108,38.059768,38.059698,38.059434,38.059224,38.059048,38.057758,38.05767,38.057449,38.056831,38.056423,38.055976,38.05566,38.054519,38.053919,38.053362,38.052557,38.052485,38.052396,38.052055,38.052035,38.051993,38.05196,38.051917,38.051886,38.051681,38.051315,38.050774,38.050559,38.050487,38.050408,38.05038,38.050318,38.05027,38.050106,38.049992,38.049851,38.049684,38.049522,38.049281,38.04908,38.048868,38.048799,38.048472,38.047231,38.046684,38.046402,38.045174,38.04467,38.044519,38.043611,38.043076,38.042505,38.041388,38.041289,38.040997,38.040781,38.040622,38.040265,38.039587,38.039158,38.039085,38.038952,38.038638,38.038326,38.038237,38.03759,38.037158,38.037048,38.036827,38.036387,38.036206,38.03593,38.034248,38.033918,38.033831,38.033627,38.033364,38.033241,38.033123,38.033062,38.032914,38.032772,38.032637,38.032612,38.032198,38.03199,38.031737,38.031615,38.031313,38.030917,38.030647,38.030393,38.030234,38.029734,38.029579,38.02944,38.029341,38.029287,38.029183,38.029094,38.029017,38.02845,38.028331,38.028264,38.028159,38.028042,38.027916,38.027684,38.027609,38.027452,38.027065,38.026839,38.026552,38.025902,38.025473,38.025278,38.025211,38.02515,38.024787,38.024484,38.024303,38.02279,38.020817,38.020404,38.020186,38.019996,38.019806,38.019693,38.019419,38.01933,38.019052,38.018792,38.018586,38.018485,38.018391,38.018322,38.018259,38.018191,38.018022,38.017852,38.017699,38.017599,38.01751,38.017407,38.017262,38.017197,38.017129,38.017062,38.01697,38.016872,38.016768,38.016677,38.016563,38.016471,38.016357,38.016244,38.01616,38.015749,38.015602,38.015414,38.015221,38.015023,38.014814,38.014531,38.014247,38.013846,38.013662,38.013387,38.012925,38.012599,38.012336,38.011979,38.011694,38.011115,38.011079,38.010975,38.010935,38.010866,38.010776,38.010686,38.01058,38.010502,38.010413,38.010271,38.009715,38.009503,38.009279,38.009064,38.00884,38.008637,38.008246,38.007784,38.007605,38.007474,38.007151,38.006861,38.006624,38.006418,38.006248,38.006029,38.005804,38.00538,38.004961,38.004848,38.00456,38.004264,38.004114,38.003921,38.003724,38.003563,38.003359,38.003025,38.002865,38.002635,38.002266,38.001419,38.001305,38.001171,38.001065,37.999251,37.999098,37.998968,37.9989,37.998737,37.998535,37.998363,37.998151,37.998096,37.997971,37.997789,37.997607,37.997425,37.997245,37.996713,37.995966,37.995685,37.995475,37.99521,37.995065,37.994983,37.99492,37.994846,37.99478,37.994724,37.99468,37.994507,37.994325,37.994135,37.993977,37.993704,37.993532,37.993314,37.993095,37.99292,37.992623,37.992077,37.991302,37.991133,37.990831,37.990635,37.990407,37.990166,37.989918,37.989664,37.989535,37.98937,37.989269,37.989007,37.988467,37.988316,37.9884,37.988713,37.988887,37.989084,37.989194,37.989101,37.98885,37.988545,37.987915,37.987357,37.986765,37.985237,37.985032,37.984999,37.985097,37.985611,37.985755,37.985909,37.98599,37.986136,37.986554,37.987124,37.987243,37.98727,37.987398,37.987519,37.98751,37.987391,37.987411,37.98792,37.988361,37.988879,37.988988,37.988984,37.988832,37.988691,37.988566,37.988331,37.987581,37.987463,37.987421,37.987487,37.987479,37.987705,37.987668,37.987559,37.987433,37.987193,37.986436,37.986127,37.985955,37.985739,37.985297,37.985097,37.985064,37.985087,37.985224,37.985674,37.986026,37.986191,37.986641,37.987296,37.987667,37.988159,37.988354,37.988577,37.988741,37.988861,37.988997,37.988892,37.988984,37.98887,37.988836,37.988798,37.988815,37.989207,37.989234,37.989194,37.989033,37.988876,37.988711,37.988148,37.988047,37.988221,37.988562,37.989597,37.989782,37.990114,37.990551,37.991245,37.992179,37.992437,37.992622,37.992734,37.992905,37.992943,37.99304,37.993281,37.994714,37.995302,37.995436,37.995763,37.995761,37.99558,37.995597,37.99586,37.995973,37.996087,37.996483,37.996527,37.996488,37.996298,37.995288,37.994915,37.994554,37.99372,37.993684,37.993752,37.993956,37.994712,37.995304,37.996082,37.996102,37.995585,37.995048,37.994911,37.994823,37.99479,37.994758,37.994698,37.994594,37.994517,37.994467,37.994418,37.99438,37.994336,37.994287,37.994232,37.993913,37.99376,37.993727,37.993711,37.993689,37.993651,37.993503,37.993492,37.993481,37.993492,37.993542,37.993542,37.993553,37.993641,37.993646,37.993504,37.993416,37.993317,37.993136,37.993114,37.993076,37.993087,37.993143,37.993313,37.993385,37.99339,37.993385,37.993357,37.993308,37.99322,37.993127,37.992968,37.992902,37.992842,37.992776,37.99271,37.992402,37.992331,37.992249,37.992166,37.992084,37.992035,37.991964,37.991903,37.991793,37.991844,37.992236,37.992399,37.992446,37.992499,37.992575,37.992659,37.992838,37.993431,37.993731,37.994035,37.994132,37.994246,37.994482,37.994994,37.995792,37.996284,37.996875,37.99742,37.997678,37.997827,37.998179,37.998409,37.998791,37.999753,38.000347,38.000527,38.000856,38.001018,38.001147,38.001271,38.001386,38.001407,38.001487,38.001537,38.00161,38.001795,38.001984,38.002353,38.002554,38.002949,38.003443,38.003659,38.003977,38.004134,38.004269,38.004503,38.004931,38.005399,38.00595,38.006062,38.006178,38.006268,38.006686,38.006995,38.007358,38.007502,38.007879,38.008032,38.008205,38.008317,38.008493,38.008731,38.008926,38.009557,38.009888,38.01003,38.01014,38.010358,38.010502,38.010911,38.011358,38.011541,38.012051,38.012391,38.012741,38.013189,38.013345,38.013621,38.014113,38.014194,38.014272,38.014375,38.014467,38.014525,38.014793,38.014898,38.01665,38.016735,38.016799,38.016855,38.016908,38.016938,38.017043,38.017126,38.017149,38.017167,38.017169,38.017166,38.017179,38.017172,38.017143,38.017345,38.017698,38.017854,38.018236,38.018509,38.018632,38.018933,38.019173,38.019478,38.019603,38.019705,38.01982,38.020036,38.020297,38.020802,38.021162,38.021772,38.022054,38.022318,38.022564,38.022829,38.023225,38.023399,38.023535,38.023868,38.024003,38.024203,38.024382,38.02459,38.02485,38.025202,38.025626,38.026012,38.026586,38.026646,38.026712,38.026735,38.026847,38.026966,38.027016,38.027031,38.02704,38.027037,38.027,38.026961,38.026915,38.026864,38.026822,38.026743,38.026703,38.026665,38.026644,38.026599,38.026443,38.026419,38.026218,38.026173,38.026066,38.025933,38.025832,38.025803,38.025789,38.025745,38.025686,38.025664,38.025636,38.025523,38.025478,38.025442,38.025411,38.025322,38.025295,38.025245,38.025106,38.024934,38.024827,38.024807,38.024796,38.024768,38.024696,38.024678,38.024656,38.024582,38.024524,38.024491,38.024467,38.02439,38.024361,38.024324,38.024277,38.024104,38.024042,38.024014,38.024015,38.024031,38.02406,38.024093,38.024144,38.024259,38.024343,38.024517,38.02472,38.025384,38.025708,38.025973,38.02626,38.026677,38.026769,38.026876,38.027076,38.027282,38.027597,38.027664,38.027781,38.02788,38.028093,38.028187,38.028337,38.028415,38.02847,38.028527,38.028827,38.029038,38.029258,38.029355,38.029473,38.029811,38.02998,38.030034,38.030059,38.030182,38.030328,38.030427,38.030629,38.030756,38.030867,38.031117,38.031256,38.031402,38.031581,38.031945,38.032091,38.032228,38.032519,38.032661,38.032794,38.032904,38.033078,38.033147,38.033305,38.033425,38.033487,38.033585,38.033695,38.033862,38.033948,38.034044,38.034218,38.034337,38.034476,38.034637,38.034784,38.034849,38.03492,38.034967,38.035068,38.035401,38.035442,38.035473,38.035499,38.035502,38.035494,38.035472,38.035422,38.035352,38.035277,38.035217,38.035181,38.035153,38.035118,38.035124,38.035143,38.035169,38.035237,38.035303,38.0354,38.035566,38.03569,38.035741,38.035785,38.035808,38.035817,38.035839,38.035861,38.035905,38.035957,38.036053,38.036204,38.036303,38.036572,38.037337,38.037443,38.037538,38.037737,38.037825,38.038092,38.038491,38.038723,38.038951,38.039246,38.039362,38.039587,38.0399,38.040338,38.04053,38.040729,38.040864,38.041093,38.041327,38.041728,38.041975,38.042258,38.042489,38.04283,38.042878,38.042976,38.043054,38.043123,38.043291,38.043415,38.043557,38.043901,38.044156,38.044501,38.044799,38.045047,38.045281,38.045346,38.045445,38.045742,38.045822,38.045874,38.046054,38.046327,38.0466,38.046818,38.046953,38.047129,38.047331,38.047529,38.047724,38.048063,38.048493,38.048912,38.048995,38.049212,38.049455,38.049617,38.04994,38.050344,38.051093,38.051375,38.051662,38.051817,38.051982,38.052234,38.052899,38.053097,38.053276,38.053925,38.054129,38.054328,38.054385,38.054559,38.054755,38.054958,38.055442,38.055818,38.056003,38.056224,38.056533,38.056836,38.057194,38.057496,38.058239,38.058998,38.059165,38.059334,38.059669,38.060008,38.060212,38.060343,38.060834,38.06104,38.061396,38.061395,38.061401,38.061416,38.061447,38.061481,38.061558,38.061784,38.061863,38.061944,38.062063,38.062172,38.062339,38.062487,38.062539,38.0626,38.062616,38.062654,38.062677,38.062743,38.062882,38.062968,38.062997,38.063037,38.063081,38.063144,38.06327,38.063306]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.830253,-77.830094,-77.82992,-77.829657,-77.82962,-77.82946,-77.829303,-77.829078,-77.828856,-77.828692,-77.828563,-77.828491,-77.827968,-77.827823,-77.827698,-77.827395,-77.827145,-77.826717,-77.826578,-77.826292,-77.825786,-77.825004,-77.824445,-77.823891,-77.823424,-77.823022,-77.82278,-77.822301,-77.822036,-77.82188,-77.821691,-77.821475,-77.82131,-77.821157,-77.821016,-77.820809,-77.820619,-77.820498,-77.820391,-77.820234,-77.820069,-77.819751,-77.819359,-77.819198,-77.818992,-77.818268,-77.817841,-77.81732,-77.816637,-77.816228,-77.815947,-77.815662,-77.81544,-77.815224,-77.81493,-77.8149,-77.81445,-77.814021,-77.813671,-77.81343,-77.813199,-77.81297,-77.812869,-77.812574,-77.811838,-77.81174,-77.81165,-77.811467,-77.811353,-77.81117,-77.811011,-77.810899,-77.810733,-77.810665,-77.81056,-77.810112,-77.809908,-77.809783,-77.809644,-77.809491,-77.809248,-77.809051,-77.808527,-77.808288,-77.807878,-77.807355,-77.806857,-77.806733,-77.806125,-77.805997,-77.805363,-77.805014,-77.80473,-77.804679,-77.804558,-77.80445,-77.804294,-77.804146,-77.803953,-77.803648,-77.803173,-77.8029,-77.802508,-77.802096,-77.801954,-77.801828,-77.801688,-77.801515,-77.801319,-77.801271,-77.801194,-77.801051,-77.800907,-77.800722,-77.800504,-77.800255,-77.800098,-77.800035,-77.799854,-77.799659,-77.799453,-77.799319,-77.799228,-77.799172,-77.799086,-77.799008,-77.79891,-77.798781,-77.798525,-77.797829,-77.797476,-77.797319,-77.797172,-77.7965,-77.795921,-77.795795,-77.795317,-77.794832,-77.794436,-77.794172,-77.793983,-77.793766,-77.793681,-77.793589,-77.793463,-77.793328,-77.793229,-77.793049,-77.792847,-77.792676,-77.792179,-77.791689,-77.791123,-77.790706,-77.790378,-77.790052,-77.7892,-77.788911,-77.78879,-77.788667,-77.788541,-77.78842,-77.7883,-77.788126,-77.787795,-77.78764,-77.787508,-77.786952,-77.786681,-77.786579,-77.786398,-77.786154,-77.786012,-77.785892,-77.78574,-77.785233,-77.784691,-77.784509,-77.784472,-77.784418,-77.784022,-77.783794,-77.783403,-77.783068,-77.782649,-77.782284,-77.781982,-77.781465,-77.781121,-77.781058,-77.780427,-77.780306,-77.780174,-77.779852,-77.77904,-77.778502,-77.777772,-77.777617,-77.777161,-77.775857,-77.775905,-77.77604,-77.77619,-77.776321,-77.776469,-77.776611,-77.777514,-77.779249,-77.779461,-77.775333,-77.772709,-77.772657,-77.770829,-77.770145,-77.766661,-77.762193,-77.761111,-77.760821,-77.757546,-77.756604,-77.754756,-77.75464,-77.753189,-77.751311,-77.750443,-77.750368,-77.750248,-77.74767,-77.747313,-77.746913,-77.746213,-77.745413,-77.744913,-77.744613,-77.744413,-77.744513,-77.744513,-77.744213,-77.743913,-77.743513,-77.743013,-77.742313,-77.741513,-77.740913,-77.740713,-77.740713,-77.740713,-77.740513,-77.740213,-77.739813,-77.739513,-77.738913,-77.738213,-77.737613,-77.736313,-77.734813,-77.733813,-77.733413,-77.732313,-77.731813,-77.731013,-77.730613,-77.730513,-77.730318,-77.730212,-77.729812,-77.729528,-77.728312,-77.728212,-77.728112,-77.728112,-77.728112,-77.728312,-77.728512,-77.728912,-77.729512,-77.729812,-77.730112,-77.730312,-77.730512,-77.730812,-77.731012,-77.731093,-77.731112,-77.731312,-77.731513,-77.731513,-77.731312,-77.730612,-77.729712,-77.729212,-77.728539,-77.728212,-77.727512,-77.727112,-77.726312,-77.725612,-77.724312,-77.723412,-77.722212,-77.721712,-77.721512,-77.721212,-77.720912,-77.720412,-77.719812,-77.719312,-77.719112,-77.719212,-77.719712,-77.719812,-77.720012,-77.720012,-77.719812,-77.719312,-77.718612,-77.717912,-77.717012,-77.716573,-77.715712,-77.714712,-77.713952,-77.713257,-77.712864,-77.712858,-77.712852,-77.712847,-77.71273,-77.712573,-77.712468,-77.712078,-77.712026,-77.71188,-77.71189,-77.711698,-77.711525,-77.711021,-77.710576,-77.710519,-77.710292,-77.709868,-77.709064,-77.708604,-77.70815,-77.706684,-77.705606,-77.705298,-77.704227,-77.70388,-77.703662,-77.703301,-77.702634,-77.702168,-77.701581,-77.701357,-77.701339,-77.700859,-77.700403,-77.700242,-77.699998,-77.699666,-77.699362,-77.699321,-77.698852,-77.698204,-77.697342,-77.696979,-77.696025,-77.695549,-77.69457,-77.694546,-77.694159,-77.693893,-77.693228,-77.692616,-77.692355,-77.69206,-77.688641,-77.687665,-77.687458,-77.687294,-77.687417,-77.687469,-77.688091,-77.688448,-77.689122,-77.689736,-77.690023,-77.690537,-77.691756,-77.693447,-77.693604,-77.69436,-77.694906,-77.696198,-77.696354,-77.69771,-77.697756,-77.697793,-77.698344,-77.698776,-77.699138,-77.699426,-77.699873,-77.699878,-77.701671,-77.702382,-77.702401,-77.702553,-77.704863,-77.705005,-77.706919,-77.707627,-77.707689,-77.707725,-77.707819,-77.708031,-77.708054,-77.708327,-77.708615,-77.709147,-77.70988,-77.710779,-77.711055,-77.712546,-77.714767,-77.715564,-77.717722,-77.717744,-77.718212,-77.719013,-77.719201,-77.721904,-77.721962,-77.722057,-77.722095,-77.722268,-77.72314,-77.723195,-77.723578,-77.724008,-77.724504,-77.724899,-77.72521,-77.725739,-77.72611,-77.726518,-77.727143,-77.727495,-77.727676,-77.727839,-77.727949,-77.728052,-77.728216,-77.728714,-77.728925,-77.729373,-77.729596,-77.729837,-77.730446,-77.731044,-77.731502,-77.731724,-77.732223,-77.732347,-77.732811,-77.733007,-77.733273,-77.733577,-77.733975,-77.734247,-77.734465,-77.735271,-77.735409,-77.73562,-77.737052,-77.737498,-77.737855,-77.738028,-77.738391,-77.738741,-77.739049,-77.739153,-77.739964,-77.740096,-77.740319,-77.740386,-77.740442,-77.74058,-77.74093,-77.7418,-77.742636,-77.743272,-77.743522,-77.743858,-77.744628,-77.745509,-77.74623,-77.747065,-77.747293,-77.747721,-77.747984,-77.748353,-77.748533,-77.749123,-77.749795,-77.74992,-77.750192,-77.750784,-77.750977,-77.751092,-77.751127,-77.751111,-77.750979,-77.750783,-77.750524,-77.750367,-77.75031,-77.750406,-77.750661,-77.750876,-77.751421,-77.751619,-77.752024,-77.752548,-77.753296,-77.754212,-77.7545,-77.755234,-77.75538,-77.755442,-77.756298,-77.756833,-77.757306,-77.757619,-77.75781,-77.757875,-77.758047,-77.758587,-77.759119,-77.760323,-77.760767,-77.761209,-77.762535,-77.763253,-77.763558,-77.763662,-77.764154,-77.764223,-77.764285,-77.764348,-77.764472,-77.764507,-77.764632,-77.76468,-77.764965,-77.765221,-77.765283,-77.765367,-77.765374,-77.765367,-77.765249,-77.765201,-77.765187,-77.765194,-77.765222,-77.765277,-77.765381,-77.765506,-77.765631,-77.765929,-77.76613,-77.766602,-77.766886,-77.767149,-77.767358,-77.767462,-77.767579,-77.767711,-77.767704,-77.767781,-77.767857,-77.767906,-77.768114,-77.768169,-77.768239,-77.768426,-77.768461,-77.768516,-77.768627,-77.768849,-77.76957,-77.769716,-77.770215,-77.770478,-77.770707,-77.771331,-77.771601,-77.772281,-77.772482,-77.772508,-77.773439,-77.773945,-77.774104,-77.77427,-77.774416,-77.774569,-77.774659,-77.774714,-77.774763,-77.774853,-77.774894,-77.774943,-77.775109,-77.775428,-77.775532,-77.775629,-77.775864,-77.775975,-77.776072,-77.776391,-77.776558,-77.77696,-77.777792,-77.777993,-77.77811,-77.778228,-77.778443,-77.77881,-77.778935,-77.778963,-77.778963,-77.778956,-77.77897,-77.779018,-77.779101,-77.779344,-77.779468,-77.779544,-77.779732,-77.780397,-77.780501,-77.780598,-77.781146,-77.781423,-77.781707,-77.78179,-77.781984,-77.782303,-77.782559,-77.782677,-77.782788,-77.782913,-77.783003,-77.783419,-77.783525,-77.784396,-77.784673,-77.784909,-77.785027,-77.7852,-77.785436,-77.785499,-77.785533,-77.786087,-77.787058,-77.787938,-77.78895,-77.789457,-77.79008,-77.792375,-77.792812,-77.793027,-77.793151,-77.793436,-77.79381,-77.794122,-77.794496,-77.794593,-77.794746,-77.79487,-77.795148,-77.795772,-77.795924,-77.796042,-77.796194,-77.796687,-77.796874,-77.796999,-77.797241,-77.797408,-77.79756,-77.798149,-77.798246,-77.798475,-77.798572,-77.798843,-77.79896,-77.799064,-77.799168,-77.799279,-77.799473,-77.799557,-77.799612,-77.799813,-77.799938,-77.800194,-77.800333,-77.800686,-77.800839,-77.801061,-77.801248,-77.801511,-77.801574,-77.801664,-77.801705,-77.801664,-77.801664,-77.801698,-77.801761,-77.801781,-77.801948,-77.802005,-77.801796,-77.801605,-77.801466,-77.801203,-77.801009,-77.800711,-77.80058,-77.800385,-77.800324,-77.800208,-77.800107,-77.799829,-77.799729,-77.799491,-77.799363,-77.799238,-77.798966,-77.798669,-77.798629,-77.798388,-77.798284,-77.798152,-77.798062,-77.797913,-77.797815,-77.797671,-77.797548,-77.797289,-77.797161,-77.796949,-77.796506,-77.796378,-77.796118,-77.796039,-77.795981,-77.795441,-77.79537,-77.795279,-77.79469,-77.794533,-77.794088,-77.794005,-77.793752,-77.793584,-77.793403,-77.793177,-77.793064,-77.793043,-77.792952,-77.792899,-77.792693,-77.792628,-77.792335,-77.792137,-77.791953,-77.791624,-77.791421,-77.791293,-77.790993,-77.790757,-77.790714,-77.790457,-77.79039,-77.789991,-77.78969,-77.789485,-77.78943,-77.789375,-77.789313,-77.789202,-77.789153,-77.788949,-77.788853,-77.788719,-77.788555,-77.788492,-77.787565,-77.787479,-77.787307,-77.787203,-77.78709,-77.787022,-77.786846,-77.786787,-77.786634,-77.788027,-77.788462,-77.788893,-77.789107,-77.78936,-77.789443,-77.789489,-77.789588,-77.789719,-77.789842,-77.789997,-77.790161,-77.790367,-77.790543,-77.790894,-77.791018,-77.791123,-77.791217,-77.791301,-77.791449,-77.791673,-77.79176,-77.791961,-77.792026,-77.7921,-77.792167,-77.792476,-77.792602,-77.793083,-77.793142,-77.793179,-77.793188,-77.793188,-77.793186,-77.793206,-77.793241,-77.793276,-77.793372,-77.793429,-77.793478,-77.793627,-77.793752,-77.79391,-77.793958,-77.794183,-77.794524,-77.794727,-77.794853,-77.795116,-77.795559,-77.795789,-77.796266,-77.7967,-77.796993,-77.797702,-77.799303,-77.799721,-77.799888,-77.800043,-77.800233,-77.800673,-77.800896,-77.801251,-77.801287,-77.80141,-77.801536,-77.801654,-77.801795,-77.802036,-77.802206,-77.802905,-77.803108,-77.803476,-77.803591,-77.803952,-77.804163,-77.804234,-77.804305,-77.804405,-77.804481,-77.804619,-77.804807,-77.80486,-77.8051,-77.805544,-77.806043,-77.806445,-77.806625,-77.806943,-77.807151,-77.807311,-77.807341,-77.807418,-77.807478,-77.807514,-77.807575,-77.807623,-77.8077,-77.807835,-77.808087,-77.808187,-77.808379,-77.808528,-77.808693,-77.808833,-77.809015,-77.80921,-77.809639,-77.809943,-77.810748,-77.811523,-77.812605,-77.812788,-77.812976,-77.813132,-77.813446,-77.813809,-77.814286,-77.814538,-77.814999,-77.815313,-77.815488,-77.815863,-77.816243,-77.816586,-77.817118,-77.817267,-77.817607,-77.818789,-77.81908,-77.819268,-77.819482,-77.819655,-77.820094,-77.820307,-77.82056,-77.820786,-77.820907,-77.8211,-77.821512,-77.822147,-77.822504,-77.822542,-77.822587,-77.822631,-77.822658,-77.822672,-77.822671,-77.822667,-77.822668,-77.822669,-77.82269,-77.82273,-77.822789,-77.822932,-77.823682,-77.823987,-77.824116,-77.824379,-77.824482,-77.824658,-77.825487,-77.825662,-77.825736,-77.825908,-77.825979,-77.826064,-77.82611,-77.826376,-77.826689,-77.826735,-77.826802,-77.826814,-77.826808,-77.826714,-77.826703,-77.826684,-77.826685,-77.826705,-77.826744,-77.826755,-77.826809,-77.826848,-77.826934,-77.827146,-77.827367,-77.827537,-77.827656,-77.827726,-77.827788,-77.827886,-77.828181,-77.828216,-77.828608,-77.828705,-77.828777,-77.82895,-77.829087,-77.829314,-77.829462,-77.82962,-77.82966,-77.829797,-77.8299,-77.829989,-77.830113,-77.830253],"lat":[37.99696,37.996933,37.996919,37.996916,37.996918,37.996928,37.996948,37.996994,37.997049,37.9971,37.997156,37.997196,37.997521,37.99762,37.997707,37.997869,37.99799,37.998146,37.998192,37.998262,37.998376,37.998469,37.998547,37.998668,37.99879,37.99888,37.998921,37.998997,37.999049,37.999096,37.999166,37.999267,37.999367,37.999477,37.999598,37.999808,37.999979,38.000058,38.000118,38.000189,38.000246,38.000322,38.000431,38.000469,38.000525,38.000727,38.000836,38.000961,38.001149,38.001266,38.001355,38.001454,38.001543,38.00164,38.00179,38.001805,38.002077,38.002366,38.002611,38.002792,38.00298,38.003181,38.003275,38.003529,38.004238,38.004339,38.004434,38.004654,38.004798,38.005029,38.005256,38.005426,38.005658,38.005765,38.005926,38.006565,38.006824,38.006961,38.007089,38.007207,38.007366,38.007477,38.007708,38.007791,38.007902,38.008,38.008082,38.008106,38.008229,38.008255,38.008411,38.00853,38.008648,38.008673,38.008744,38.008827,38.008979,38.009141,38.009303,38.009506,38.009922,38.010176,38.010552,38.010977,38.011142,38.011314,38.011568,38.011926,38.01238,38.012508,38.012664,38.012891,38.013095,38.013382,38.013767,38.014224,38.014407,38.014466,38.014613,38.014749,38.014873,38.014942,38.014994,38.015035,38.015104,38.015175,38.015275,38.015434,38.015878,38.017142,38.017749,38.017965,38.018138,38.018848,38.019477,38.019609,38.020105,38.020645,38.021062,38.021348,38.021544,38.021748,38.021819,38.021883,38.021954,38.022013,38.022045,38.02209,38.022123,38.022138,38.022145,38.022142,38.022125,38.022101,38.022068,38.02202,38.021859,38.021801,38.02178,38.021773,38.021779,38.0218,38.021835,38.021903,38.022064,38.022141,38.022216,38.022513,38.022674,38.022728,38.022823,38.02295,38.023031,38.023099,38.023185,38.023449,38.023748,38.023853,38.023874,38.023905,38.024132,38.024263,38.024476,38.024643,38.024842,38.02502,38.025167,38.025405,38.025559,38.025591,38.025881,38.025929,38.025988,38.026142,38.02657,38.026833,38.027218,38.027299,38.027539,38.028249,38.028327,38.028515,38.028696,38.028834,38.028974,38.029094,38.029891,38.03142,38.031606,38.032435,38.032217,38.032213,38.031787,38.031551,38.030352,38.02652,38.025575,38.025322,38.022462,38.021811,38.020536,38.020515,38.020255,38.020778,38.021618,38.02169,38.021805,38.024295,38.023938,38.023638,38.023538,38.023638,38.023738,38.023938,38.024338,38.024638,38.025138,38.025538,38.025838,38.026338,38.026738,38.027438,38.028438,38.029238,38.029638,38.030353,38.031238,38.032038,38.032638,38.032938,38.033038,38.032937,38.032637,38.032437,38.032037,38.031837,38.031837,38.031737,38.031637,38.031437,38.031037,38.030437,38.030137,38.029556,38.029238,38.028738,38.028549,38.027738,38.027538,38.027138,38.026738,38.026438,38.026038,38.025938,38.025838,38.025738,38.025638,38.025338,38.025238,38.025238,38.025038,38.024838,38.024026,38.023838,38.022538,38.021838,38.021538,38.021238,38.020838,38.021038,38.021338,38.021742,38.021938,38.022338,38.022638,38.022938,38.023138,38.023338,38.023438,38.023238,38.022938,38.022738,38.022438,38.021938,38.021238,38.020838,38.020638,38.020238,38.019738,38.018738,38.018638,38.018138,38.017338,38.017038,38.016638,38.016438,38.016538,38.016438,38.016269,38.015938,38.015438,38.015237,38.014841,38.014594,38.01458,38.014566,38.014556,38.014298,38.014007,38.013827,38.013106,38.013011,38.012969,38.012721,38.012747,38.012771,38.012598,38.012577,38.012575,38.012601,38.012736,38.013205,38.013362,38.013407,38.013416,38.013574,38.013511,38.012962,38.012818,38.012727,38.012693,38.012742,38.012757,38.012775,38.012746,38.012744,38.012683,38.012695,38.012632,38.012548,38.012304,38.011995,38.011823,38.011158,38.009947,38.008897,38.008467,38.007513,38.0073,38.007117,38.007118,38.007127,38.00718,38.007558,38.007702,38.007847,38.007943,38.008129,38.008049,38.008032,38.008011,38.007867,38.007806,38.006236,38.005335,38.003631,38.002077,38.001352,38.000056,37.996975,37.992702,37.992306,37.990398,37.989015,37.985749,37.985357,37.981929,37.981812,37.981718,37.980269,37.979131,37.978184,37.977421,37.976242,37.976226,37.971382,37.969585,37.969537,37.969153,37.963307,37.962949,37.95834,37.956691,37.956547,37.956462,37.956243,37.955749,37.955696,37.95506,37.954331,37.952984,37.951129,37.948853,37.948155,37.944381,37.93876,37.936741,37.931278,37.931221,37.930037,37.928006,37.927534,37.920688,37.920537,37.920787,37.920846,37.921117,37.9221,37.922162,37.922595,37.922692,37.923099,37.923168,37.923126,37.92285,37.922715,37.922711,37.92281,37.922747,37.922758,37.922921,37.923192,37.923261,37.923321,37.923368,37.923431,37.92373,37.923795,37.923866,37.924181,37.924244,37.924463,37.924506,37.924516,37.924558,37.924991,37.925082,37.925118,37.925325,37.925385,37.925362,37.925271,37.92516,37.924986,37.924862,37.924766,37.924616,37.924409,37.924369,37.924397,37.924338,37.924545,37.924581,37.924863,37.924891,37.924863,37.924772,37.924499,37.924363,37.924203,37.923949,37.923779,37.923928,37.923847,37.923616,37.92363,37.92347,37.923495,37.923758,37.923748,37.923636,37.923682,37.924436,37.924542,37.924713,37.925226,37.925265,37.925258,37.925107,37.925192,37.925417,37.925769,37.926084,37.926696,37.927449,37.928032,37.928387,37.928666,37.92901,37.929346,37.929573,37.929977,37.930327,37.931553,37.932028,37.932958,37.933481,37.933702,37.934766,37.934952,37.935031,37.93566,37.93567,37.935801,37.93594,37.93613,37.936476,37.936585,37.936628,37.936581,37.936094,37.935954,37.936,37.936703,37.936902,37.936935,37.936968,37.937161,37.937199,37.937254,37.937331,37.937539,37.937578,37.93766,37.937666,37.937589,37.937534,37.937512,37.937435,37.937403,37.937348,37.937122,37.936963,37.936826,37.9367,37.936595,37.936491,37.936376,37.936261,37.936167,37.936003,37.935909,37.935728,37.935608,37.935465,37.935333,37.935246,37.935097,37.934828,37.934763,37.934362,37.934186,37.934137,37.934032,37.933989,37.933906,37.933506,37.933462,37.933418,37.933368,37.933308,37.933204,37.933171,37.932935,37.932825,37.932738,37.932551,37.93248,37.932359,37.932307,37.932301,37.93203,37.931915,37.931888,37.931855,37.931838,37.93186,37.931882,37.931915,37.931959,37.93208,37.932118,37.932146,37.932184,37.932196,37.932206,37.932229,37.932338,37.93236,37.932366,37.9323,37.932295,37.932377,37.932443,37.932476,37.932509,37.932537,37.932614,37.932817,37.933004,37.933097,37.933163,37.933306,37.933426,37.933542,37.933706,37.934058,37.934327,37.934437,37.934519,37.934678,37.934717,37.934766,37.935118,37.93525,37.93536,37.935425,37.93564,37.935942,37.93631,37.936441,37.936524,37.936579,37.936601,37.936656,37.936671,37.936793,37.93681,37.937062,37.937156,37.937276,37.937403,37.93741,37.937414,37.937419,37.937409,37.937387,37.937305,37.93725,37.937195,37.936948,37.936932,37.936937,37.936965,37.937064,37.937239,37.937421,37.937668,37.937723,37.937789,37.937827,37.937887,37.938014,37.93803,37.93803,37.938003,37.937844,37.937805,37.9378,37.937844,37.937882,37.937899,37.93791,37.93797,37.938146,37.93819,37.938267,37.938316,37.938459,37.938536,37.938591,37.938969,37.939085,37.939145,37.939321,37.939453,37.939771,37.939919,37.940243,37.94043,37.940798,37.941078,37.941391,37.94149,37.941665,37.941775,37.941951,37.942011,37.942083,37.942165,37.942209,37.943076,37.943293,37.943474,37.943625,37.943747,37.943961,37.944111,37.944298,37.944376,37.944477,37.9445,37.944557,37.944613,37.944732,37.94478,37.944878,37.944935,37.944997,37.945151,37.945342,37.945372,37.945556,37.945645,37.94575,37.945834,37.945961,37.946054,37.946181,37.94628,37.946522,37.946634,37.946836,37.9473,37.947424,37.947728,37.947827,37.94789,37.948366,37.948438,37.948522,37.949118,37.949263,37.949716,37.949793,37.950055,37.950243,37.950487,37.950845,37.951032,37.951079,37.951218,37.951308,37.951614,37.951718,37.952135,37.952439,37.952699,37.953141,37.953398,37.953552,37.953882,37.954158,37.954215,37.95452,37.954587,37.955061,37.955391,37.955637,37.955693,37.955763,37.955831,37.955982,37.956059,37.956314,37.956404,37.956577,37.956764,37.95685,37.95764,37.957705,37.957847,37.957943,37.958033,37.958101,37.958252,37.958309,37.958478,37.958415,37.958389,37.958379,37.958386,37.958409,37.958426,37.958435,37.958467,37.958537,37.958617,37.958773,37.958958,37.959233,37.959434,37.959886,37.960048,37.960173,37.960296,37.960388,37.960578,37.960853,37.960966,37.961268,37.961393,37.961567,37.961757,37.962569,37.962864,37.964062,37.964294,37.964541,37.964635,37.964698,37.964919,37.965168,37.965329,37.965434,37.965648,37.96573,37.96579,37.965949,37.96606,37.96619,37.96623,37.966399,37.966633,37.966753,37.96682,37.966937,37.967099,37.967176,37.967307,37.967398,37.967444,37.967567,37.967758,37.96782,37.967853,37.96789,37.967951,37.968126,37.96824,37.968445,37.968467,37.968542,37.968611,37.968683,37.968777,37.968974,37.969127,37.969788,37.969991,37.970339,37.970436,37.970763,37.970992,37.971083,37.971183,37.971342,37.971482,37.971765,37.972082,37.972157,37.97252,37.973136,37.973854,37.97449,37.974763,37.975289,37.975599,37.975905,37.975981,37.976315,37.976549,37.976795,37.97707,37.977228,37.977394,37.977646,37.978072,37.978224,37.978475,37.978644,37.978805,37.978911,37.979028,37.979139,37.979356,37.979515,37.979918,37.980308,37.980837,37.980919,37.980994,37.981046,37.981142,37.981235,37.981339,37.981401,37.981496,37.981574,37.981623,37.98174,37.981873,37.982006,37.98223,37.982297,37.982469,37.9831,37.983265,37.983382,37.983509,37.98362,37.983894,37.984014,37.984163,37.984304,37.984369,37.98446,37.984608,37.984843,37.984984,37.985003,37.985035,37.985083,37.985133,37.985197,37.985208,37.98526,37.985284,37.985336,37.985418,37.985511,37.985598,37.985747,37.986426,37.986664,37.986769,37.986953,37.987024,37.987127,37.987616,37.987732,37.98779,37.987962,37.98806,37.988209,37.988332,37.98896,37.989645,37.989751,37.989991,37.990088,37.990186,37.991003,37.991153,37.991301,37.991408,37.991579,37.991738,37.991782,37.991941,37.992009,37.992141,37.992402,37.992646,37.992848,37.993002,37.993111,37.993197,37.993362,37.993904,37.993967,37.994517,37.994661,37.994782,37.995185,37.995468,37.995844,37.996073,37.996299,37.99637,37.996577,37.996709,37.996789,37.996879,37.99696]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.183768,-78.183007,-78.181653,-78.181554,-78.181318,-78.1813,-78.181198,-78.181165,-78.181146,-78.181044,-78.181021,-78.180992,-78.180963,-78.180935,-78.180909,-78.18089,-78.180853,-78.180807,-78.180783,-78.180735,-78.180695,-78.180676,-78.180653,-78.180634,-78.180616,-78.180585,-78.180565,-78.180518,-78.180485,-78.180467,-78.180448,-78.180429,-78.180407,-78.180364,-78.180337,-78.180318,-78.180299,-78.180282,-78.180239,-78.180198,-78.18015,-78.180097,-78.179992,-78.179974,-78.179932,-78.179913,-78.17989,-78.179843,-78.179825,-78.179797,-78.179769,-78.179732,-78.179713,-78.179692,-78.179667,-78.179639,-78.17962,-78.179587,-78.179557,-78.179538,-78.179518,-78.179494,-78.179466,-78.179445,-78.179422,-78.179387,-78.179357,-78.179324,-78.179299,-78.17928,-78.179257,-78.179224,-78.179187,-78.179168,-78.17915,-78.179127,-78.179089,-78.179059,-78.179008,-78.178957,-78.178904,-78.178852,-78.178817,-78.178589,-78.178549,-78.178473,-78.178382,-78.178317,-78.178296,-78.178266,-78.178205,-78.178107,-78.178033,-78.178003,-78.177951,-78.177931,-78.177903,-78.177872,-78.177851,-78.177828,-78.177767,-78.177713,-78.177659,-78.177605,-78.17755,-78.177512,-78.177458,-78.177372,-78.177316,-78.177274,-78.177223,-78.1772,-78.177139,-78.177114,-78.177088,-78.177065,-78.177046,-78.177023,-78.176977,-78.176879,-78.176851,-78.176832,-78.176814,-78.176784,-78.176751,-78.17673,-78.176711,-78.176688,-78.176641,-78.176618,-78.176588,-78.176558,-78.176534,-78.176507,-78.176471,-78.176421,-78.176372,-78.176322,-78.176274,-78.176255,-78.176208,-78.17619,-78.176129,-78.175787,-78.175769,-78.17573,-78.175711,-78.175688,-78.175583,-78.175559,-78.175501,-78.175476,-78.175459,-78.175441,-78.175427,-78.175408,-78.175399,-78.175385,-78.175371,-78.175352,-78.175342,-78.175313,-78.17526,-78.175208,-78.175154,-78.175129,-78.17511,-78.175092,-78.175068,-78.175055,-78.175031,-78.175013,-78.174997,-78.174975,-78.174929,-78.17491,-78.174892,-78.174869,-78.174847,-78.174778,-78.174738,-78.17471,-78.174663,-78.174636,-78.174617,-78.174601,-78.174575,-78.174552,-78.174528,-78.174431,-78.174412,-78.174392,-78.17437,-78.174347,-78.174329,-78.174305,-78.174287,-78.174263,-78.174243,-78.174215,-78.174189,-78.174156,-78.174113,-78.174075,-78.174035,-78.173993,-78.173947,-78.17391,-78.173877,-78.173859,-78.173831,-78.173812,-78.173771,-78.173752,-78.173733,-78.173719,-78.173705,-78.173696,-78.173687,-78.173684,-78.173682,-78.173682,-78.173682,-78.173679,-78.173677,-78.173673,-78.173663,-78.173654,-78.173644,-78.173626,-78.173603,-78.173584,-78.173565,-78.173533,-78.173514,-78.173505,-78.173491,-78.173482,-78.173463,-78.173412,-78.173379,-78.17336,-78.173333,-78.173305,-78.173283,-78.173241,-78.173205,-78.173185,-78.173151,-78.173133,-78.173095,-78.173077,-78.173044,-78.173021,-78.172974,-78.172956,-78.172937,-78.172914,-78.172895,-78.172868,-78.172849,-78.172821,-78.172779,-78.172765,-78.172719,-78.172686,-78.172625,-78.1726,-78.17256,-78.172504,-78.172476,-78.172451,-78.17243,-78.172416,-78.1724,-78.172342,-78.172323,-78.1723,-78.172272,-78.172251,-78.172225,-78.17219,-78.172169,-78.172109,-78.172048,-78.17203,-78.172011,-78.171988,-78.171964,-78.171885,-78.171862,-78.171809,-78.17179,-78.171713,-78.17169,-78.171641,-78.171597,-78.171574,-78.171555,-78.171527,-78.171504,-78.171452,-78.171423,-78.171395,-78.171371,-78.17133,-78.171303,-78.171299,-78.171309,-78.171311,-78.171311,-78.171306,-78.171294,-78.171283,-78.171271,-78.171243,-78.171224,-78.171197,-78.171164,-78.171146,-78.171124,-78.171103,-78.17108,-78.171053,-78.171027,-78.171001,-78.170973,-78.170959,-78.170948,-78.170927,-78.170882,-78.170861,-78.17084,-78.170817,-78.170801,-78.170783,-78.170759,-78.170736,-78.170643,-78.170624,-78.170606,-78.17058,-78.170554,-78.170536,-78.170481,-78.170427,-78.170372,-78.170317,-78.170305,-78.170285,-78.170215,-78.170192,-78.170173,-78.170147,-78.17007,-78.17001,-78.169984,-78.169963,-78.169893,-78.169879,-78.169852,-78.169838,-78.169821,-78.169707,-78.169684,-78.169661,-78.169647,-78.169626,-78.169607,-78.169579,-78.169544,-78.169535,-78.169519,-78.169502,-78.16947,-78.169456,-78.169442,-78.169433,-78.169405,-78.169391,-78.169377,-78.169363,-78.169344,-78.169293,-78.169279,-78.16927,-78.16926,-78.169256,-78.169246,-78.169237,-78.16922,-78.169203,-78.169188,-78.169175,-78.169161,-78.169155,-78.169146,-78.169123,-78.1691,-78.169088,-78.169056,-78.169037,-78.169023,-78.168995,-78.168971,-78.168957,-78.168939,-78.168927,-78.168871,-78.168862,-78.16885,-78.168843,-78.168838,-78.168838,-78.168836,-78.168829,-78.168815,-78.168805,-78.168784,-78.168775,-78.168765,-78.168756,-78.168751,-78.168733,-78.168713,-78.168697,-78.168686,-78.168676,-78.168672,-78.168662,-78.168653,-78.168648,-78.168639,-78.168625,-78.168616,-78.168567,-78.168553,-78.168539,-78.168462,-78.168439,-78.168425,-78.168411,-78.168401,-78.168379,-78.168364,-78.168345,-78.168303,-78.168294,-78.168289,-78.168275,-78.168266,-78.168257,-78.168245,-78.168229,-78.168205,-78.168191,-78.168182,-78.168182,-78.168191,-78.168211,-78.168223,-78.168232,-78.168242,-78.168251,-78.168251,-78.168253,-78.168253,-78.168253,-78.168251,-78.168232,-78.168213,-78.168195,-78.168171,-78.168153,-78.168134,-78.168115,-78.168078,-78.168062,-78.168036,-78.168013,-78.167994,-78.16798,-78.167957,-78.167948,-78.167929,-78.167915,-78.167888,-78.167873,-78.16784,-78.167831,-78.167817,-78.167789,-78.167775,-78.167756,-78.167738,-78.167704,-78.16767,-78.167639,-78.167607,-78.167589,-78.167568,-78.167528,-78.167511,-78.167495,-78.167472,-78.167444,-78.167421,-78.1674,-78.167376,-78.167355,-78.167337,-78.167318,-78.167281,-78.167253,-78.167234,-78.167206,-78.167183,-78.167141,-78.167123,-78.167095,-78.167062,-78.167041,-78.167022,-78.166992,-78.166956,-78.166941,-78.166913,-78.166885,-78.166857,-78.166829,-78.166797,-78.166764,-78.166736,-78.166708,-78.166689,-78.166642,-78.1666,-78.166556,-78.166508,-78.166484,-78.16647,-78.166454,-78.166438,-78.166421,-78.16641,-78.166396,-78.166382,-78.166356,-78.166347,-78.166333,-78.166326,-78.166317,-78.166303,-78.166228,-78.166205,-78.166191,-78.166167,-78.166144,-78.166123,-78.166107,-78.166083,-78.16606,-78.166023,-78.166009,-78.165988,-78.165955,-78.165939,-78.165918,-78.16589,-78.165864,-78.16585,-78.165836,-78.165813,-78.165799,-78.165782,-78.165749,-78.165714,-78.165689,-78.165666,-78.16565,-78.165638,-78.165627,-78.165585,-78.165533,-78.165515,-78.165461,-78.165435,-78.165344,-78.165328,-78.165309,-78.165293,-78.165249,-78.165233,-78.165216,-78.165205,-78.165198,-78.165184,-78.165165,-78.165144,-78.165118,-78.165095,-78.165076,-78.165067,-78.165055,-78.165039,-78.16502,-78.164997,-78.164978,-78.164951,-78.164912,-78.164861,-78.164816,-78.164772,-78.164724,-78.164706,-78.164685,-78.164667,-78.164624,-78.164608,-78.164587,-78.164559,-78.164543,-78.164522,-78.164499,-78.16448,-78.164454,-78.164429,-78.16441,-78.164382,-78.164331,-78.164322,-78.164284,-78.164252,-78.164196,-78.16415,-78.164117,-78.164084,-78.164068,-78.164049,-78.164033,-78.164015,-78.163991,-78.163949,-78.163914,-78.163891,-78.16387,-78.163847,-78.163828,-78.1638,-78.163783,-78.163733,-78.163684,-78.163638,-78.163595,-78.163581,-78.163558,-78.163518,-78.163464,-78.163446,-78.163423,-78.16339,-78.163372,-78.163344,-78.163325,-78.163316,-78.163311,-78.163307,-78.1633,-78.163293,-78.163281,-78.16326,-78.163242,-78.1632,-78.163174,-78.163151,-78.163135,-78.163102,-78.163081,-78.163065,-78.163027,-78.163011,-78.162986,-78.162972,-78.162948,-78.162925,-78.162904,-78.162893,-78.162873,-78.162853,-78.162855,-78.16284,-78.162812,-78.162779,-78.16274,-78.162695,-78.162636,-78.162583,-78.16253,-78.162501,-78.162478,-78.162445,-78.162431,-78.162422,-78.162417,-78.162417,-78.162415,-78.162422,-78.162426,-78.162436,-78.16244,-78.162445,-78.16244,-78.162431,-78.162414,-78.162398,-78.162379,-78.162356,-78.162321,-78.162295,-78.162175,-78.162151,-78.162082,-78.162058,-78.16204,-78.162012,-78.1619,-78.161881,-78.161853,-78.161827,-78.161788,-78.16175,-78.161715,-78.161681,-78.16165,-78.161621,-78.161583,-78.161551,-78.161499,-78.161472,-78.161452,-78.161424,-78.161415,-78.161415,-78.161419,-78.161422,-78.16142,-78.16141,-78.161396,-78.161387,-78.161373,-78.16134,-78.161322,-78.161303,-78.16128,-78.161234,-78.161099,-78.16108,-78.161038,-78.161022,-78.161005,-78.161004,-78.16101,-78.161015,-78.16102,-78.161024,-78.161025,-78.161022,-78.160998,-78.160956,-78.160901,-78.160847,-78.160819,-78.16082,-78.160803,-78.160769,-78.160724,-78.160678,-78.160655,-78.160657,-78.160646,-78.160635,-78.160625,-78.160622,-78.160614,-78.160587,-78.160562,-78.160528,-78.160461,-78.160403,-78.160365,-78.160332,-78.160284,-78.160222,-78.160171,-78.16013,-78.160113,-78.160084,-78.160063,-78.16003,-78.159983,-78.159946,-78.159923,-78.159876,-78.159835,-78.159797,-78.159789,-78.159796,-78.159783,-78.159756,-78.159678,-78.159629,-78.159559,-78.159484,-78.159471,-78.159397,-78.159316,-78.159297,-78.159268,-78.159241,-78.159209,-78.159189,-78.159162,-78.159099,-78.159047,-78.158995,-78.158941,-78.158923,-78.158891,-78.158864,-78.158845,-78.158823,-78.158796,-78.158777,-78.15874,-78.158712,-78.158687,-78.158663,-78.158631,-78.158571,-78.158525,-78.158429,-78.158359,-78.158301,-78.158264,-78.158234,-78.158204,-78.158169,-78.15811,-78.158041,-78.158005,-78.15798,-78.157957,-78.157928,-78.157831,-78.157781,-78.157752,-78.157731,-78.157713,-78.157697,-78.157676,-78.157538,-78.157503,-78.157468,-78.157447,-78.157432,-78.157412,-78.157393,-78.157382,-78.157359,-78.157335,-78.157315,-78.157283,-78.157246,-78.157187,-78.157171,-78.157161,-78.15712,-78.157094,-78.157066,-78.157044,-78.157016,-78.15698,-78.156951,-78.156932,-78.156911,-78.15689,-78.156872,-78.156859,-78.156854,-78.156851,-78.156835,-78.156814,-78.156791,-78.15677,-78.156748,-78.156709,-78.156656,-78.156635,-78.15661,-78.156591,-78.156582,-78.156577,-78.156578,-78.156565,-78.156537,-78.15651,-78.156475,-78.15645,-78.156413,-78.15639,-78.156237,-78.156186,-78.156166,-78.156105,-78.156056,-78.156036,-78.155989,-78.155952,-78.155918,-78.155886,-78.155863,-78.155819,-78.155739,-78.155719,-78.155696,-78.155637,-78.155583,-78.155535,-78.155495,-78.155464,-78.155406,-78.155329,-78.155302,-78.15528,-78.15525,-78.155216,-78.155179,-78.155142,-78.155088,-78.155049,-78.155025,-78.155002,-78.154976,-78.154955,-78.154921,-78.154862,-78.154843,-78.154824,-78.154805,-78.154784,-78.154743,-78.154692,-78.154668,-78.154636,-78.154598,-78.154563,-78.154552,-78.154547,-78.154528,-78.154477,-78.154437,-78.154408,-78.154393,-78.154343,-78.154304,-78.154253,-78.154233,-78.154211,-78.154191,-78.154165,-78.154151,-78.154113,-78.154096,-78.154076,-78.154055,-78.154033,-78.154015,-78.15399,-78.15397,-78.153906,-78.153886,-78.153861,-78.153812,-78.15379,-78.153768,-78.153738,-78.153719,-78.15368,-78.153633,-78.153613,-78.153596,-78.153576,-78.153557,-78.15353,-78.15351,-78.153497,-78.153486,-78.153478,-78.153473,-78.153472,-78.153467,-78.153467,-78.15346,-78.153412,-78.153366,-78.153314,-78.153272,-78.15326,-78.153251,-78.153221,-78.153212,-78.153197,-78.153167,-78.153148,-78.153025,-78.152996,-78.152966,-78.152896,-78.152857,-78.152832,-78.152798,-78.152765,-78.152745,-78.15273,-78.152719,-78.152715,-78.15271,-78.152714,-78.152724,-78.152751,-78.15278,-78.152812,-78.152853,-78.15284,-78.152811,-78.152767,-78.152717,-78.152668,-78.152609,-78.152563,-78.152525,-78.152494,-78.152459,-78.152453,-78.152439,-78.152405,-78.152356,-78.152272,-78.152226,-78.152171,-78.152108,-78.152047,-78.151968,-78.151938,-78.151901,-78.151874,-78.151851,-78.151821,-78.151802,-78.151772,-78.15172,-78.151658,-78.151616,-78.151575,-78.15152,-78.151465,-78.151417,-78.151348,-78.151301,-78.151258,-78.151214,-78.151169,-78.151155,-78.151142,-78.151127,-78.151116,-78.151102,-78.151088,-78.151053,-78.151033,-78.150957,-78.150898,-78.15084,-78.150784,-78.150732,-78.150692,-78.150672,-78.150637,-78.150592,-78.150581,-78.150571,-78.15056,-78.150559,-78.150554,-78.150552,-78.15055,-78.150547,-78.150533,-78.150523,-78.150508,-78.150485,-78.150462,-78.150418,-78.150392,-78.150366,-78.15034,-78.150304,-78.150278,-78.150258,-78.150252,-78.150231,-78.150203,-78.150201,-78.150225,-78.150227,-78.150192,-78.150179,-78.150126,-78.150093,-78.150067,-78.150053,-78.150044,-78.15004,-78.150017,-78.14998,-78.149951,-78.149914,-78.149857,-78.149831,-78.149807,-78.149784,-78.149762,-78.149744,-78.149706,-78.149683,-78.149661,-78.149595,-78.149558,-78.149402,-78.149175,-78.149028,-78.14889,-78.148793,-78.148704,-78.148661,-78.148606,-78.148542,-78.148515,-78.148494,-78.148456,-78.148441,-78.148389,-78.148372,-78.14835,-78.148325,-78.148297,-78.148233,-78.148213,-78.148149,-78.148119,-78.14809,-78.148052,-78.148026,-78.148008,-78.147989,-78.147964,-78.147925,-78.147875,-78.147816,-78.147754,-78.147703,-78.147666,-78.147617,-78.147593,-78.147578,-78.147582,-78.147615,-78.147635,-78.147633,-78.147625,-78.14761,-78.147603,-78.147587,-78.147562,-78.14753,-78.147495,-78.147467,-78.14744,-78.147422,-78.147429,-78.147443,-78.147458,-78.147473,-78.147486,-78.14749,-78.147475,-78.147435,-78.147385,-78.14736,-78.147347,-78.147339,-78.147339,-78.147343,-78.147352,-78.147369,-78.147383,-78.147405,-78.147424,-78.14745,-78.147462,-78.147471,-78.147481,-78.147482,-78.147484,-78.14747,-78.147428,-78.147373,-78.147331,-78.147309,-78.14725,-78.14723,-78.147204,-78.14718,-78.14716,-78.14714,-78.147118,-78.147091,-78.147066,-78.147044,-78.147016,-78.147001,-78.146982,-78.146979,-78.146971,-78.146963,-78.146934,-78.146926,-78.146918,-78.14691,-78.146909,-78.146908,-78.146912,-78.146919,-78.146943,-78.146947,-78.146946,-78.146944,-78.146942,-78.146937,-78.146905,-78.146861,-78.146808,-78.146781,-78.146762,-78.146732,-78.14671,-78.146685,-78.146667,-78.146636,-78.146629,-78.146626,-78.146626,-78.146625,-78.146629,-78.146636,-78.146642,-78.146657,-78.146667,-78.146688,-78.146706,-78.146713,-78.146707,-78.146693,-78.146674,-78.146637,-78.146617,-78.146602,-78.146576,-78.146561,-78.14653,-78.146519,-78.146504,-78.146499,-78.146495,-78.146494,-78.146495,-78.146498,-78.146497,-78.146495,-78.146494,-78.146493,-78.146495,-78.146499,-78.146512,-78.14652,-78.146531,-78.146581,-78.146591,-78.146596,-78.1466,-78.1466,-78.146597,-78.146589,-78.146576,-78.146561,-78.146538,-78.146521,-78.146496,-78.146463,-78.146436,-78.146396,-78.146347,-78.146322,-78.146278,-78.146243,-78.146218,-78.146193,-78.146168,-78.146152,-78.146129,-78.146107,-78.146092,-78.146076,-78.146065,-78.146053,-78.146033,-78.146004,-78.145974,-78.145958,-78.145952,-78.145948,-78.145945,-78.145942,-78.145941,-78.145936,-78.145927,-78.145919,-78.145909,-78.145891,-78.145873,-78.145857,-78.145836,-78.145821,-78.1458,-78.145785,-78.145739,-78.145714,-78.145696,-78.145669,-78.145647,-78.145621,-78.145574,-78.145554,-78.145535,-78.145515,-78.14549,-78.145451,-78.145425,-78.14537,-78.145354,-78.145329,-78.145309,-78.145288,-78.145258,-78.145244,-78.145207,-78.145174,-78.145136,-78.145099,-78.145053,-78.145017,-78.144997,-78.144977,-78.144957,-78.144927,-78.1449,-78.14487,-78.144843,-78.144808,-78.144789,-78.144764,-78.144739,-78.144704,-78.144679,-78.144629,-78.144613,-78.144568,-78.144548,-78.144533,-78.144522,-78.144503,-78.144484,-78.144469,-78.144453,-78.144443,-78.14442,-78.144404,-78.14438,-78.144342,-78.144279,-78.144231,-78.144192,-78.144145,-78.144099,-78.144054,-78.143993,-78.143945,-78.143898,-78.143836,-78.143802,-78.143778,-78.143753,-78.143734,-78.143709,-78.14369,-78.143654,-78.143634,-78.143622,-78.143614,-78.143602,-78.143586,-78.143544,-78.143535,-78.143521,-78.143509,-78.1435,-78.143489,-78.143466,-78.143472,-78.143496,-78.143529,-78.143544,-78.143547,-78.143558,-78.143551,-78.143522,-78.143478,-78.143437,-78.143418,-78.143399,-78.14338,-78.143337,-78.143294,-78.143271,-78.143248,-78.143231,-78.143215,-78.143193,-78.143167,-78.143132,-78.143105,-78.143087,-78.143068,-78.143052,-78.14304,-78.14303,-78.143012,-78.143002,-78.143,-78.142999,-78.143,-78.142997,-78.142996,-78.142983,-78.142995,-78.142967,-78.142911,-78.142851,-78.14278,-78.142715,-78.142638,-78.142587,-78.142527,-78.142509,-78.142504,-78.142518,-78.142506,-78.142467,-78.142428,-78.14241,-78.142388,-78.142352,-78.14234,-78.142323,-78.142304,-78.142278,-78.142255,-78.142236,-78.142187,-78.142162,-78.142133,-78.142108,-78.142078,-78.142059,-78.142043,-78.141989,-78.141935,-78.14188,-78.141826,-78.141771,-78.141741,-78.141684,-78.141634,-78.141599,-78.141579,-78.14154,-78.14152,-78.141481,-78.141303,-78.141283,-78.14124,-78.141216,-78.141191,-78.141133,-78.141113,-78.141083,-78.141063,-78.141044,-78.141019,-78.140987,-78.140964,-78.140926,-78.140913,-78.140902,-78.140892,-78.140882,-78.140866,-78.140836,-78.1408,-78.140762,-78.140723,-78.140682,-78.140662,-78.140638,-78.140628,-78.140617,-78.140604,-78.140593,-78.140555,-78.140541,-78.140472,-78.140447,-78.140401,-78.140385,-78.140341,-78.140291,-78.140239,-78.140219,-78.140191,-78.140172,-78.13991,-78.139881,-78.139841,-78.139821,-78.139766,-78.139711,-78.139657,-78.139597,-78.139574,-78.139509,-78.139479,-78.139454,-78.139409,-78.139382,-78.139362,-78.139335,-78.139315,-78.139258,-78.139236,-78.139211,-78.138945,-78.138886,-78.138763,-78.138732,-78.138683,-78.13863,-78.138579,-78.138537,-78.13847,-78.138405,-78.138359,-78.138323,-78.138285,-78.138248,-78.138219,-78.138198,-78.138172,-78.138131,-78.138095,-78.138061,-78.138031,-78.137995,-78.137966,-78.137938,-78.137919,-78.137896,-78.137863,-78.137818,-78.137803,-78.13779,-78.137743,-78.13772,-78.137717,-78.137741,-78.137773,-78.137799,-78.137842,-78.137865,-78.137876,-78.13787,-78.137858,-78.137837,-78.137812,-78.137766,-78.137699,-78.137642,-78.137603,-78.137573,-78.13753,-78.137495,-78.137419,-78.137329,-78.13729,-78.137238,-78.137188,-78.137171,-78.137147,-78.13712,-78.13708,-78.137036,-78.136985,-78.136951,-78.136923,-78.136904,-78.136898,-78.136903,-78.136904,-78.136907,-78.136899,-78.136876,-78.136843,-78.136799,-78.136746,-78.136688,-78.136628,-78.136582,-78.136535,-78.136502,-78.136456,-78.136417,-78.136384,-78.136351,-78.136295,-78.136242,-78.13619,-78.13615,-78.136131,-78.136131,-78.136154,-78.136192,-78.136235,-78.136265,-78.136297,-78.136328,-78.136318,-78.136294,-78.136274,-78.136252,-78.136224,-78.136169,-78.136124,-78.136077,-78.136028,-78.13598,-78.135952,-78.135933,-78.1359,-78.135881,-78.135861,-78.135842,-78.135808,-78.135778,-78.135752,-78.135711,-78.135698,-78.135677,-78.135648,-78.135631,-78.135554,-78.135534,-78.135517,-78.135496,-78.135476,-78.135457,-78.135437,-78.135413,-78.135369,-78.135347,-78.135313,-78.135267,-78.135203,-78.135189,-78.135174,-78.135166,-78.13514,-78.13513,-78.135126,-78.135099,-78.135076,-78.135045,-78.135004,-78.134965,-78.134929,-78.134885,-78.134839,-78.134813,-78.134782,-78.134756,-78.13474,-78.134744,-78.134744,-78.134727,-78.134693,-78.134661,-78.134634,-78.134604,-78.134585,-78.134517,-78.134502,-78.134483,-78.134459,-78.134439,-78.134425,-78.13441,-78.134389,-78.134362,-78.134347,-78.134328,-78.134311,-78.134291,-78.134266,-78.134248,-78.134208,-78.134174,-78.13413,-78.134087,-78.134034,-78.133994,-78.133967,-78.13396,-78.133955,-78.133958,-78.133969,-78.133998,-78.134019,-78.134014,-78.134007,-78.133997,-78.133981,-78.133969,-78.133943,-78.133917,-78.133863,-78.133811,-78.133779,-78.133756,-78.133734,-78.133704,-78.133684,-78.133662,-78.13361,-78.133575,-78.133526,-78.133471,-78.13341,-78.133351,-78.133305,-78.133262,-78.133214,-78.133174,-78.133135,-78.13309,-78.133037,-78.132988,-78.132958,-78.132919,-78.132868,-78.132781,-78.132709,-78.132683,-78.132629,-78.132576,-78.132523,-78.132469,-78.132442,-78.132417,-78.132282,-78.132263,-78.132229,-78.132154,-78.132129,-78.132109,-78.132039,-78.132,-78.131942,-78.131893,-78.131844,-78.131797,-78.131748,-78.131695,-78.131639,-78.131585,-78.131557,-78.131534,-78.131527,-78.131531,-78.131561,-78.131561,-78.131541,-78.131511,-78.131492,-78.131437,-78.131391,-78.131346,-78.131326,-78.131321,-78.131316,-78.131307,-78.131295,-78.131258,-78.131224,-78.131185,-78.131138,-78.13109,-78.131035,-78.130997,-78.130963,-78.130934,-78.130885,-78.130799,-78.130735,-78.13069,-78.13067,-78.130635,-78.130605,-78.13058,-78.13056,-78.130545,-78.13052,-78.1305,-78.13048,-78.130455,-78.130424,-78.130404,-78.130378,-78.130332,-78.130285,-78.130236,-78.13019,-78.130123,-78.130093,-78.13006,-78.130038,-78.130014,-78.129979,-78.129954,-78.12976,-78.129733,-78.129686,-78.129661,-78.129622,-78.129604,-78.129541,-78.129521,-78.129498,-78.129471,-78.129374,-78.129334,-78.129303,-78.129258,-78.129215,-78.129186,-78.129163,-78.129138,-78.12912,-78.129075,-78.129038,-78.129019,-78.128965,-78.128934,-78.128913,-78.128888,-78.128863,-78.128843,-78.128817,-78.128745,-78.128718,-78.12868,-78.128645,-78.128609,-78.128569,-78.128538,-78.128503,-78.128479,-78.128453,-78.128422,-78.128389,-78.128336,-78.128268,-78.128205,-78.128167,-78.128107,-78.128086,-78.128066,-78.128018,-78.127993,-78.127973,-78.127948,-78.127895,-78.127839,-78.127787,-78.127727,-78.12766,-78.127603,-78.127542,-78.127475,-78.12744,-78.127411,-78.127422,-78.127423,-78.127387,-78.127343,-78.127307,-78.127271,-78.127233,-78.127206,-78.127179,-78.127164,-78.12717,-78.12718,-78.127175,-78.127176,-78.127169,-78.127157,-78.127137,-78.127111,-78.127078,-78.127016,-78.126971,-78.126944,-78.126916,-78.126857,-78.126832,-78.126814,-78.126794,-78.126749,-78.126714,-78.126685,-78.126643,-78.126596,-78.126554,-78.126502,-78.126439,-78.126401,-78.12636,-78.12634,-78.126318,-78.126251,-78.126211,-78.126163,-78.126104,-78.126085,-78.126055,-78.12599,-78.125965,-78.125945,-78.125841,-78.125752,-78.12571,-78.125678,-78.125658,-78.125559,-78.125532,-78.125505,-78.125456,-78.125428,-78.125409,-78.125377,-78.125278,-78.125245,-78.125223,-78.125205,-78.125153,-78.125103,-78.125053,-78.125007,-78.124957,-78.124913,-78.124893,-78.124861,-78.124827,-78.124805,-78.124756,-78.124696,-78.124671,-78.124602,-78.124578,-78.124555,-78.124532,-78.124483,-78.124448,-78.124202,-78.124177,-78.12414,-78.124117,-78.124083,-78.124051,-78.124029,-78.123996,-78.123971,-78.12395,-78.123896,-78.123843,-78.123786,-78.123726,-78.123665,-78.123632,-78.12361,-78.12357,-78.123516,-78.123487,-78.123461,-78.12344,-78.123402,-78.123355,-78.123317,-78.123275,-78.123218,-78.123166,-78.123144,-78.123119,-78.123095,-78.123079,-78.123068,-78.123064,-78.123059,-78.123053,-78.123043,-78.122991,-78.122976,-78.122921,-78.122891,-78.122864,-78.122836,-78.122807,-78.122791,-78.122769,-78.122742,-78.122721,-78.122695,-78.122644,-78.122627,-78.122612,-78.122564,-78.122545,-78.12253,-78.122511,-78.122466,-78.122441,-78.122416,-78.122396,-78.122358,-78.122328,-78.122293,-78.122261,-78.122242,-78.122225,-78.12222,-78.122217,-78.122195,-78.122177,-78.122161,-78.122127,-78.1221,-78.122056,-78.121984,-78.121931,-78.121852,-78.121772,-78.1217,-78.121613,-78.121558,-78.121529,-78.121504,-78.121481,-78.121454,-78.121442,-78.121432,-78.121426,-78.121426,-78.121425,-78.121417,-78.121404,-78.121379,-78.121352,-78.121327,-78.121294,-78.121237,-78.121203,-78.121165,-78.121128,-78.121094,-78.121052,-78.121007,-78.120958,-78.12088,-78.120819,-78.120767,-78.120699,-78.120632,-78.120576,-78.120532,-78.120479,-78.120422,-78.120364,-78.120311,-78.120272,-78.120216,-78.120165,-78.120146,-78.120119,-78.120104,-78.120087,-78.120046,-78.120029,-78.119985,-78.119936,-78.119893,-78.119868,-78.119796,-78.119762,-78.119707,-78.119657,-78.11962,-78.119576,-78.119533,-78.119502,-78.119467,-78.119437,-78.119413,-78.119395,-78.119376,-78.119359,-78.119344,-78.119312,-78.11929,-78.11927,-78.119177,-78.119146,-78.119126,-78.119088,-78.11906,-78.119047,-78.119013,-78.11898,-78.118938,-78.118909,-78.118868,-78.118848,-78.118821,-78.118789,-78.118725,-78.118705,-78.118646,-78.118592,-78.118572,-78.118536,-78.118482,-78.11843,-78.118378,-78.118335,-78.118315,-78.118291,-78.118242,-78.118202,-78.118177,-78.118145,-78.118123,-78.118094,-78.118054,-78.118029,-78.118009,-78.117965,-78.117935,-78.117913,-78.117891,-78.117856,-78.117832,-78.117784,-78.117762,-78.117737,-78.117702,-78.117636,-78.117614,-78.117582,-78.117549,-78.117522,-78.117489,-78.117432,-78.117377,-78.117357,-78.117337,-78.117315,-78.117293,-78.117267,-78.117191,-78.117096,-78.117073,-78.117022,-78.117002,-78.116963,-78.116933,-78.116913,-78.11686,-78.116832,-78.116806,-78.116676,-78.116654,-78.116626,-78.116597,-78.116578,-78.116561,-78.116556,-78.116551,-78.116552,-78.116562,-78.116578,-78.116596,-78.116644,-78.116671,-78.116696,-78.116716,-78.116748,-78.11677,-78.116776,-78.116783,-78.116783,-78.116782,-78.116776,-78.116756,-78.116738,-78.116743,-78.116764,-78.116796,-78.116815,-78.116827,-78.116826,-78.11682,-78.116808,-78.116788,-78.116759,-78.116716,-78.116687,-78.116661,-78.116634,-78.116619,-78.116615,-78.116624,-78.116636,-78.116656,-78.116673,-78.116698,-78.11672,-78.116734,-78.116732,-78.116724,-78.116703,-78.116677,-78.116647,-78.116622,-78.116597,-78.116582,-78.11656,-78.116521,-78.116476,-78.116439,-78.116396,-78.116364,-78.116339,-78.116301,-78.116253,-78.116215,-78.116182,-78.116145,-78.116116,-78.116079,-78.116059,-78.115962,-78.115948,-78.115898,-78.115852,-78.11581,-78.115763,-78.115722,-78.115684,-78.115652,-78.115602,-78.115539,-78.115469,-78.115439,-78.11541,-78.11539,-78.115294,-78.115239,-78.115185,-78.11513,-78.115045,-78.114992,-78.114929,-78.114882,-78.114844,-78.114825,-78.1148,-78.114773,-78.114749,-78.114732,-78.114722,-78.114686,-78.114689,-78.114687,-78.114684,-78.114674,-78.114659,-78.114638,-78.114607,-78.114577,-78.114548,-78.114527,-78.114504,-78.114479,-78.114454,-78.114432,-78.114399,-78.114374,-78.114337,-78.114319,-78.114301,-78.114275,-78.114255,-78.114235,-78.114213,-78.11421,-78.114194,-78.114176,-78.114159,-78.114141,-78.114122,-78.1141,-78.114077,-78.114052,-78.114031,-78.114002,-78.113955,-78.113916,-78.113884,-78.113847,-78.113807,-78.113759,-78.113739,-78.11372,-78.113709,-78.113725,-78.113724,-78.113712,-78.113692,-78.113678,-78.113654,-78.113631,-78.113604,-78.113574,-78.113553,-78.113525,-78.113491,-78.113484,-78.113479,-78.113472,-78.113467,-78.113458,-78.113449,-78.113454,-78.11346,-78.113463,-78.113463,-78.113461,-78.113441,-78.113427,-78.113414,-78.113394,-78.113356,-78.113306,-78.113254,-78.113205,-78.113161,-78.113125,-78.113093,-78.113061,-78.113039,-78.113017,-78.11298,-78.112941,-78.112919,-78.112901,-78.112853,-78.11277,-78.112755,-78.112743,-78.112731,-78.112701,-78.112692,-78.112644,-78.112632,-78.11262,-78.112595,-78.11257,-78.112556,-78.11252,-78.112477,-78.112448,-78.112408,-78.112375,-78.112347,-78.112325,-78.112312,-78.112302,-78.112293,-78.112284,-78.112269,-78.112255,-78.112245,-78.112231,-78.112221,-78.112204,-78.112197,-78.112185,-78.112176,-78.112158,-78.112139,-78.112123,-78.112097,-78.112068,-78.112037,-78.112001,-78.111965,-78.111928,-78.111903,-78.111878,-78.111863,-78.111852,-78.111857,-78.11184,-78.111813,-78.111788,-78.111739,-78.111701,-78.11169,-78.111679,-78.111668,-78.111665,-78.111673,-78.111678,-78.111684,-78.11169,-78.111702,-78.111714,-78.111729,-78.111738,-78.111747,-78.11176,-78.111772,-78.111782,-78.111799,-78.111821,-78.111858,-78.111882,-78.111899,-78.111908,-78.111908,-78.111903,-78.111901,-78.111897,-78.111891,-78.11188,-78.111867,-78.111837,-78.1118,-78.11177,-78.111748,-78.11173,-78.111716,-78.111712,-78.111707,-78.111708,-78.111707,-78.111711,-78.111716,-78.111746,-78.111777,-78.111813,-78.111888,-78.1119,-78.111915,-78.11192,-78.111925,-78.111931,-78.111928,-78.111924,-78.111917,-78.111908,-78.111872,-78.111867,-78.111857,-78.111847,-78.111833,-78.111821,-78.111807,-78.111794,-78.111769,-78.111759,-78.111757,-78.111757,-78.111772,-78.1118,-78.111826,-78.111852,-78.111872,-78.111901,-78.111934,-78.111968,-78.111997,-78.112021,-78.112028,-78.112027,-78.112034,-78.112053,-78.112082,-78.112118,-78.112166,-78.112211,-78.112241,-78.11227,-78.112289,-78.112298,-78.11231,-78.112317,-78.112325,-78.112322,-78.112338,-78.112367,-78.112389,-78.112403,-78.11241,-78.112414,-78.112417,-78.112412,-78.112409,-78.112396,-78.112368,-78.112346,-78.112331,-78.112317,-78.112301,-78.112286,-78.112281,-78.112271,-78.112264,-78.112261,-78.11226,-78.112259,-78.112253,-78.11224,-78.112208,-78.112186,-78.112153,-78.11209,-78.111972,-78.111923,-78.111899,-78.111874,-78.11183,-78.111791,-78.111774,-78.111747,-78.111728,-78.111671,-78.111652,-78.111643,-78.111613,-78.111595,-78.111551,-78.111522,-78.111492,-78.111387,-78.111343,-78.111314,-78.111279,-78.111259,-78.111224,-78.111184,-78.111115,-78.11106,-78.111031,-78.111004,-78.110974,-78.110944,-78.110895,-78.110875,-78.110831,-78.110811,-78.110772,-78.110713,-78.110691,-78.110669,-78.110645,-78.110603,-78.110571,-78.110551,-78.110521,-78.11049,-78.110457,-78.110432,-78.110393,-78.110337,-78.110282,-78.110226,-78.110184,-78.110149,-78.110124,-78.110097,-78.110065,-78.110055,-78.110036,-78.110019,-78.110002,-78.109933,-78.109873,-78.109854,-78.109809,-78.109762,-78.109685,-78.109665,-78.109636,-78.109616,-78.109566,-78.109537,-78.109441,-78.10942,-78.109404,-78.109389,-78.109364,-78.109316,-78.109289,-78.109247,-78.109188,-78.10914,-78.109075,-78.109033,-78.109011,-78.108971,-78.108927,-78.10887,-78.108813,-78.108754,-78.108704,-78.108647,-78.108629,-78.108598,-78.108568,-78.108533,-78.108514,-78.108486,-78.108437,-78.108403,-78.108382,-78.108358,-78.108348,-78.108365,-78.108403,-78.108445,-78.10848,-78.108477,-78.108444,-78.108386,-78.10836,-78.108305,-78.108231,-78.108172,-78.108107,-78.10803,-78.10795,-78.107926,-78.107886,-78.107757,-78.107729,-78.107674,-78.107628,-78.107586,-78.107548,-78.107535,-78.10752,-78.107512,-78.107504,-78.107474,-78.107463,-78.107452,-78.107444,-78.107435,-78.107421,-78.107401,-78.107382,-78.107373,-78.107361,-78.107349,-78.107339,-78.107316,-78.10728,-78.107262,-78.107216,-78.107193,-78.10717,-78.107146,-78.107118,-78.10709,-78.107064,-78.107023,-78.106942,-78.106912,-78.106879,-78.106842,-78.106806,-78.106777,-78.106725,-78.106663,-78.106596,-78.106545,-78.106501,-78.10648,-78.106464,-78.106418,-78.106395,-78.106377,-78.106361,-78.106341,-78.106321,-78.106305,-78.10629,-78.106226,-78.106185,-78.106167,-78.10613,-78.106107,-78.106084,-78.106065,-78.106044,-78.106014,-78.105976,-78.105927,-78.105902,-78.105869,-78.105842,-78.105814,-78.105795,-78.105776,-78.105725,-78.105706,-78.105688,-78.105664,-78.105638,-78.105588,-78.105543,-78.105501,-78.105461,-78.105441,-78.105425,-78.105412,-78.105398,-78.105376,-78.105358,-78.105345,-78.10535,-78.105359,-78.105366,-78.105371,-78.105372,-78.105371,-78.105364,-78.105349,-78.105336,-78.105316,-78.10528,-78.105241,-78.105199,-78.105165,-78.105111,-78.105082,-78.105056,-78.105033,-78.105009,-78.104976,-78.104953,-78.104934,-78.104911,-78.104885,-78.104864,-78.10481,-78.104786,-78.104729,-78.10468,-78.104635,-78.104607,-78.104593,-78.104553,-78.10453,-78.104503,-78.10447,-78.104448,-78.104423,-78.104397,-78.104313,-78.104287,-78.104266,-78.104226,-78.104174,-78.104153,-78.104134,-78.104106,-78.104076,-78.104053,-78.104034,-78.104012,-78.103988,-78.103951,-78.103933,-78.103915,-78.103899,-78.103885,-78.103856,-78.103847,-78.103838,-78.10382,-78.103785,-78.103758,-78.103714,-78.103696,-78.103639,-78.103589,-78.103535,-78.103482,-78.103466,-78.103445,-78.103425,-78.103406,-78.103385,-78.103366,-78.103341,-78.103313,-78.103286,-78.103232,-78.103179,-78.103116,-78.103032,-78.102976,-78.102916,-78.102854,-78.102733,-78.102669,-78.102642,-78.102577,-78.102532,-78.102515,-78.102448,-78.102402,-78.102331,-78.102238,-78.102183,-78.102137,-78.102088,-78.102054,-78.102046,-78.102028,-78.101989,-78.101945,-78.101887,-78.101834,-78.101748,-78.101688,-78.101641,-78.101603,-78.101522,-78.101486,-78.101308,-78.101197,-78.10111,-78.10101,-78.100939,-78.100823,-78.100769,-78.100705,-78.100648,-78.100609,-78.100532,-78.100466,-78.100409,-78.100303,-78.100212,-78.100105,-78.100011,-78.09991,-78.099771,-78.099681,-78.099568,-78.099482,-78.09943,-78.099361,-78.099274,-78.099194,-78.099121,-78.098977,-78.098914,-78.098811,-78.098735,-78.098659,-78.09855,-78.098469,-78.098395,-78.098325,-78.098249,-78.098177,-78.098114,-78.098086,-78.097978,-78.097921,-78.097843,-78.097738,-78.097674,-78.097649,-78.097599,-78.097559,-78.097493,-78.097416,-78.097349,-78.097257,-78.097166,-78.097097,-78.097026,-78.097005,-78.096953,-78.096756,-78.09669,-78.096535,-78.09644,-78.096305,-78.096157,-78.096027,-78.095922,-78.095844,-78.095784,-78.095621,-78.095364,-78.095326,-78.095224,-78.095142,-78.095037,-78.09493,-78.094829,-78.09474,-78.094645,-78.094551,-78.094487,-78.094408,-78.094321,-78.094186,-78.094047,-78.093924,-78.093855,-78.093788,-78.093682,-78.093554,-78.09328,-78.093222,-78.093193,-78.093155,-78.093094,-78.093063,-78.093027,-78.092955,-78.092872,-78.09277,-78.092638,-78.092541,-78.092435,-78.092331,-78.09217,-78.092054,-78.091953,-78.091837,-78.091725,-78.09162,-78.091521,-78.091519,-78.091518,-78.091527,-78.091466,-78.091357,-78.09123,-78.091128,-78.090981,-78.09086,-78.090742,-78.090642,-78.090527,-78.090428,-78.09036,-78.090272,-78.090224,-78.090157,-78.090043,-78.090024,-78.089907,-78.089814,-78.089707,-78.089603,-78.089447,-78.089281,-78.089142,-78.088992,-78.088825,-78.088587,-78.088365,-78.08819,-78.088098,-78.088015,-78.087954,-78.08794,-78.087913,-78.087872,-78.087851,-78.087833,-78.087823,-78.087807,-78.087763,-78.087718,-78.08768,-78.087643,-78.087612,-78.087554,-78.087549,-78.087548,-78.087581,-78.087651,-78.087704,-78.087718,-78.08772,-78.087675,-78.087597,-78.087493,-78.087409,-78.087264,-78.087166,-78.087112,-78.087028,-78.086961,-78.086794,-78.086674,-78.086543,-78.08644,-78.086238,-78.086103,-78.085959,-78.085826,-78.085787,-78.085746,-78.085528,-78.085377,-78.085308,-78.085223,-78.085119,-78.084965,-78.084871,-78.084768,-78.084624,-78.0844,-78.084233,-78.084059,-78.08396,-78.0838,-78.083615,-78.083454,-78.083206,-78.082958,-78.082832,-78.082627,-78.082532,-78.082368,-78.082077,-78.081782,-78.081607,-78.081517,-78.081405,-78.081318,-78.081166,-78.080963,-78.080844,-78.080731,-78.080596,-78.0805,-78.080503,-78.080528,-78.080565,-78.080643,-78.08075,-78.080866,-78.0809,-78.081055,-78.081111,-78.081117,-78.081021,-78.080719,-78.0806,-78.08042,-78.080254,-78.079931,-78.079781,-78.079625,-78.079532,-78.079391,-78.079319,-78.079258,-78.079204,-78.07915,-78.079017,-78.078948,-78.078877,-78.078834,-78.078784,-78.078728,-78.078685,-78.078686,-78.078664,-78.078601,-78.078539,-78.078471,-78.078395,-78.078326,-78.078255,-78.078186,-78.078121,-78.07805,-78.07797,-78.077908,-78.077855,-78.077824,-78.077816,-78.077823,-78.077812,-78.077806,-78.07776,-78.077698,-78.077577,-78.077463,-78.077411,-78.07736,-78.077268,-78.077184,-78.07708,-78.076959,-78.076854,-78.07674,-78.076674,-78.076653,-78.076647,-78.076633,-78.076614,-78.076593,-78.076563,-78.076548,-78.076537,-78.076498,-78.076418,-78.076295,-78.076162,-78.076129,-78.075976,-78.075876,-78.075768,-78.075661,-78.075545,-78.075465,-78.075358,-78.075215,-78.075111,-78.07498,-78.074945,-78.074812,-78.074751,-78.074595,-78.074463,-78.074309,-78.074164,-78.07409,-78.073948,-78.073855,-78.07374,-78.073598,-78.073476,-78.073298,-78.073139,-78.072975,-78.072841,-78.072714,-78.072619,-78.072539,-78.072417,-78.072253,-78.07207,-78.071914,-78.071734,-78.071578,-78.071366,-78.071156,-78.070976,-78.070885,-78.070847,-78.070823,-78.070773,-78.070653,-78.070588,-78.070576,-78.07054,-78.070525,-78.070487,-78.07041,-78.07032,-78.070245,-78.070162,-78.070052,-78.069945,-78.069859,-78.069779,-78.069699,-78.06962,-78.069526,-78.069443,-78.069404,-78.069397,-78.06937,-78.069296,-78.069127,-78.06889,-78.068615,-78.068488,-78.068378,-78.068246,-78.068079,-78.067947,-78.067758,-78.067627,-78.067453,-78.06737,-78.067281,-78.067179,-78.0671,-78.067012,-78.066913,-78.066882,-78.066837,-78.066776,-78.06665,-78.066549,-78.066464,-78.06631,-78.066204,-78.066077,-78.065992,-78.065903,-78.065791,-78.065676,-78.065546,-78.065417,-78.065318,-78.065196,-78.065082,-78.064944,-78.064842,-78.064765,-78.064682,-78.064593,-78.064555,-78.064533,-78.06452,-78.064519,-78.064477,-78.064451,-78.064468,-78.064489,-78.064518,-78.06451,-78.064473,-78.06437,-78.064258,-78.064155,-78.064078,-78.064025,-78.064003,-78.063969,-78.063895,-78.063774,-78.063682,-78.063582,-78.063489,-78.063399,-78.063307,-78.063256,-78.063216,-78.063202,-78.063073,-78.06302,-78.062961,-78.062826,-78.062705,-78.062635,-78.062597,-78.062537,-78.062461,-78.062351,-78.062334,-78.062267,-78.062136,-78.061985,-78.061843,-78.061704,-78.061586,-78.061468,-78.061275,-78.06115,-78.061015,-78.060952,-78.06085,-78.060732,-78.060604,-78.060445,-78.060314,-78.060216,-78.060158,-78.060093,-78.060055,-78.06002,-78.059986,-78.059927,-78.059842,-78.059726,-78.059621,-78.059543,-78.059465,-78.059337,-78.059258,-78.059229,-78.059127,-78.059001,-78.058878,-78.058787,-78.058647,-78.058569,-78.058525,-78.058475,-78.058383,-78.058232,-78.058155,-78.058098,-78.057995,-78.057868,-78.057686,-78.057479,-78.057382,-78.057268,-78.057183,-78.057116,-78.057098,-78.056979,-78.056934,-78.056904,-78.056897,-78.05686,-78.05679,-78.056706,-78.056628,-78.05661,-78.056611,-78.056637,-78.056598,-78.056492,-78.056421,-78.056353,-78.056208,-78.056114,-78.056012,-78.055921,-78.055821,-78.055721,-78.055666,-78.05563,-78.055562,-78.055513,-78.055497,-78.055428,-78.055384,-78.05534,-78.055269,-78.055215,-78.055141,-78.055077,-78.055036,-78.054971,-78.05485,-78.05465,-78.054431,-78.054353,-78.054164,-78.054115,-78.054021,-78.053929,-78.053848,-78.053788,-78.053572,-78.053525,-78.053393,-78.053211,-78.053108,-78.053022,-78.052906,-78.052839,-78.052727,-78.052617,-78.052535,-78.052459,-78.052401,-78.0523,-78.05222,-78.052145,-78.052064,-78.051961,-78.051889,-78.051813,-78.051604,-78.05133,-78.05114,-78.051005,-78.050826,-78.05068,-78.050521,-78.050349,-78.050238,-78.050175,-78.050142,-78.050063,-78.050016,-78.04995,-78.049834,-78.0497,-78.049595,-78.049511,-78.049423,-78.049304,-78.049201,-78.049052,-78.048932,-78.048867,-78.048797,-78.048749,-78.048679,-78.048586,-78.048481,-78.048372,-78.048284,-78.048204,-78.048131,-78.048106,-78.048112,-78.048134,-78.048163,-78.048174,-78.048171,-78.048136,-78.048123,-78.048045,-78.048021,-78.047876,-78.047659,-78.047473,-78.047281,-78.047138,-78.046999,-78.046854,-78.046732,-78.046551,-78.046303,-78.046058,-78.045923,-78.045747,-78.045611,-78.045458,-78.0453,-78.045086,-78.044873,-78.044728,-78.044583,-78.044446,-78.0444,-78.044308,-78.044194,-78.044084,-78.043952,-78.043773,-78.043601,-78.043445,-78.043282,-78.043048,-78.042809,-78.042738,-78.042587,-78.042492,-78.04249,-78.042489,-78.042482,-78.042444,-78.042396,-78.042354,-78.042317,-78.042253,-78.042202,-78.042127,-78.04202,-78.041913,-78.041796,-78.041681,-78.041551,-78.041417,-78.041267,-78.041142,-78.041021,-78.040881,-78.04073,-78.040607,-78.040459,-78.040326,-78.040166,-78.040045,-78.039913,-78.039724,-78.039597,-78.039526,-78.03947,-78.039448,-78.03941,-78.039334,-78.039257,-78.039217,-78.039178,-78.039186,-78.039233,-78.039272,-78.039296,-78.039306,-78.039299,-78.039296,-78.039295,-78.03933,-78.039404,-78.039454,-78.039499,-78.039538,-78.039578,-78.039627,-78.039675,-78.039691,-78.039631,-78.03955,-78.03946,-78.039443,-78.03937,-78.039267,-78.039137,-78.03891,-78.038756,-78.038596,-78.038411,-78.038241,-78.03809,-78.03796,-78.037838,-78.0377,-78.037559,-78.037381,-78.037136,-78.036941,-78.036903,-78.036758,-78.036662,-78.036576,-78.036395,-78.036214,-78.036091,-78.035996,-78.035908,-78.035847,-78.035758,-78.035643,-78.035569,-78.035552,-78.035488,-78.035427,-78.035227,-78.035062,-78.034941,-78.034798,-78.034631,-78.034483,-78.034363,-78.034215,-78.034052,-78.033999,-78.033957,-78.033902,-78.033741,-78.033615,-78.033475,-78.033377,-78.033336,-78.033303,-78.033238,-78.03313,-78.033009,-78.032892,-78.032767,-78.032707,-78.03263,-78.032569,-78.032539,-78.032519,-78.032468,-78.032409,-78.032329,-78.032228,-78.032135,-78.032091,-78.032004,-78.031914,-78.031865,-78.031805,-78.031719,-78.031687,-78.031581,-78.031554,-78.031519,-78.031488,-78.031466,-78.031438,-78.031371,-78.031352,-78.031341,-78.031289,-78.031192,-78.031119,-78.031022,-78.030972,-78.030884,-78.030764,-78.03068,-78.030654,-78.030627,-78.030505,-78.030467,-78.030441,-78.030414,-78.030375,-78.030335,-78.030328,-78.030312,-78.030264,-78.030164,-78.030031,-78.029908,-78.029786,-78.029681,-78.029603,-78.029557,-78.029556,-78.029578,-78.029566,-78.029553,-78.029477,-78.029329,-78.02921,-78.029179,-78.02909,-78.028984,-78.028861,-78.028742,-78.028614,-78.028485,-78.028305,-78.028097,-78.027831,-78.027707,-78.027588,-78.027421,-78.027259,-78.027069,-78.026852,-78.026671,-78.02646,-78.026301,-78.026149,-78.025978,-78.02585,-78.025751,-78.025704,-78.02564,-78.025616,-78.025587,-78.025591,-78.025578,-78.025545,-78.025525,-78.025512,-78.025408,-78.025324,-78.025211,-78.025061,-78.024943,-78.024849,-78.024735,-78.024668,-78.024595,-78.024501,-78.02449,-78.024463,-78.02446,-78.024455,-78.024453,-78.024444,-78.024402,-78.02435,-78.024326,-78.024252,-78.024183,-78.024123,-78.02409,-78.024075,-78.024068,-78.024049,-78.024018,-78.023947,-78.023878,-78.02383,-78.023766,-78.023683,-78.023627,-78.023581,-78.023593,-78.023589,-78.023564,-78.023516,-78.02344,-78.023363,-78.023269,-78.02317,-78.023087,-78.023033,-78.022979,-78.022986,-78.02301,-78.023041,-78.023037,-78.022991,-78.022895,-78.022842,-78.022803,-78.022781,-78.022778,-78.022778,-78.022779,-78.022788,-78.0228,-78.022827,-78.022855,-78.022892,-78.022899,-78.022891,-78.022856,-78.022828,-78.022771,-78.022739,-78.022717,-78.022676,-78.022614,-78.022525,-78.022385,-78.022278,-78.022138,-78.022092,-78.022032,-78.02199,-78.021929,-78.021872,-78.021783,-78.021701,-78.021602,-78.021518,-78.021398,-78.021335,-78.021268,-78.02121,-78.021159,-78.021081,-78.021075,-78.021007,-78.02093,-78.020897,-78.020869,-78.020824,-78.02074,-78.020656,-78.020531,-78.02042,-78.020323,-78.0202,-78.020108,-78.020027,-78.019982,-78.019967,-78.019958,-78.019922,-78.019899,-78.019862,-78.0198,-78.019712,-78.019621,-78.019519,-78.01941,-78.01929,-78.019177,-78.01906,-78.018906,-78.018796,-78.018649,-78.018539,-78.018416,-78.0183,-78.018168,-78.01802,-78.01789,-78.017745,-78.017644,-78.017577,-78.017494,-78.01742,-78.017354,-78.017326,-78.017326,-78.017336,-78.017354,-78.017365,-78.0174,-78.017451,-78.01748,-78.017456,-78.017432,-78.017417,-78.017392,-78.017358,-78.017216,-78.01712,-78.017009,-78.016925,-78.016802,-78.016695,-78.016575,-78.016468,-78.01637,-78.016295,-78.016206,-78.016127,-78.01607,-78.016003,-78.0159,-78.015746,-78.015646,-78.01549,-78.015347,-78.015212,-78.01506,-78.014922,-78.014746,-78.014625,-78.014483,-78.01432,-78.014152,-78.0141,-78.014049,-78.014005,-78.01395,-78.013869,-78.013692,-78.013555,-78.01342,-78.013251,-78.013146,-78.013068,-78.012889,-78.01273,-78.012527,-78.012403,-78.012355,-78.012255,-78.012175,-78.012138,-78.01216,-78.012228,-78.01225,-78.01223,-78.012193,-78.012146,-78.012048,-78.011962,-78.011869,-78.011842,-78.011721,-78.011615,-78.011506,-78.011402,-78.011323,-78.01119,-78.011101,-78.010978,-78.010857,-78.010736,-78.010715,-78.010685,-78.010598,-78.010554,-78.010519,-78.010407,-78.01026,-78.010167,-78.010075,-78.009994,-78.009869,-78.009748,-78.009701,-78.009611,-78.009474,-78.009334,-78.009182,-78.009058,-78.008979,-78.00884,-78.008804,-78.008788,-78.008749,-78.008668,-78.008564,-78.008479,-78.008407,-78.008326,-78.008159,-78.008033,-78.007985,-78.007977,-78.007912,-78.00778,-78.007646,-78.007628,-78.007478,-78.007335,-78.007207,-78.007097,-78.006983,-78.006858,-78.006713,-78.006665,-78.006548,-78.00642,-78.006296,-78.006178,-78.006103,-78.006068,-78.006009,-78.005922,-78.005847,-78.005744,-78.005631,-78.005548,-78.005447,-78.005395,-78.005264,-78.005183,-78.005163,-78.005034,-78.004899,-78.004767,-78.00471,-78.004667,-78.00463,-78.004577,-78.004529,-78.004479,-78.004465,-78.004405,-78.004315,-78.004225,-78.004112,-78.00395,-78.003777,-78.003709,-78.0036,-78.003476,-78.003332,-78.003177,-78.003015,-78.002845,-78.002706,-78.002626,-78.00259,-78.002546,-78.002477,-78.002371,-78.002331,-78.002297,-78.00216,-78.001987,-78.001985,-78.001898,-78.001902,-78.00195,-78.002032,-78.002074,-78.002119,-78.002071,-78.00202,-78.001947,-78.001873,-78.001794,-78.001668,-78.001568,-78.001478,-78.001395,-78.001221,-78.001086,-78.000994,-78.000857,-78.000745,-78.00064,-78.000591,-78.000436,-78.00027,-78.000228,-78.000134,-77.999982,-77.99983,-77.999783,-77.999638,-77.999442,-77.999266,-77.999128,-77.998972,-77.998829,-77.998401,-77.998303,-77.998099,-77.997734,-77.997299,-77.997168,-77.996959,-77.996805,-77.996638,-77.996316,-77.996207,-77.996026,-77.995757,-77.995564,-77.995258,-77.995134,-77.995011,-77.994936,-77.994878,-77.99476,-77.994703,-77.994609,-77.994495,-77.994468,-77.994386,-77.994353,-77.994178,-77.994055,-77.993825,-77.993597,-77.993481,-77.993354,-77.993232,-77.993192,-77.993129,-77.993002,-77.992881,-77.992754,-77.992631,-77.992547,-77.99252,-77.992554,-77.992588,-77.992664,-77.992716,-77.992644,-77.992413,-77.992247,-77.992137,-77.992098,-77.992058,-77.991951,-77.991851,-77.991755,-77.991618,-77.991485,-77.991362,-77.991262,-77.991216,-77.991189,-77.991118,-77.991047,-77.99102,-77.990951,-77.990897,-77.990828,-77.99078,-77.990711,-77.990623,-77.990544,-77.990402,-77.990271,-77.990138,-77.990082,-77.98998,-77.989947,-77.989908,-77.9899,-77.989898,-77.989896,-77.9899,-77.98989,-77.989885,-77.989902,-77.989906,-77.989945,-77.989996,-77.990091,-77.990125,-77.990234,-77.990319,-77.990459,-77.990546,-77.990644,-77.990705,-77.990706,-77.990716,-77.990682,-77.990557,-77.990423,-77.990259,-77.990086,-77.989953,-77.989831,-77.98971,-77.989662,-77.989641,-77.989614,-77.989558,-77.989491,-77.989451,-77.989398,-77.989341,-77.989268,-77.98922,-77.989156,-77.989141,-77.989111,-77.989089,-77.989056,-77.98902,-77.988972,-77.988881,-77.98879,-77.988658,-77.988531,-77.988388,-77.988349,-77.988266,-77.988156,-77.988058,-77.987947,-77.987846,-77.987773,-77.987759,-77.987692,-77.987628,-77.987545,-77.987492,-77.987425,-77.987346,-77.987309,-77.987259,-77.987191,-77.987117,-77.987078,-77.987022,-77.986974,-77.986964,-77.986995,-77.986942,-77.986823,-77.986736,-77.986676,-77.986601,-77.986556,-77.986514,-77.986505,-77.986486,-77.986434,-77.986339,-77.986222,-77.986106,-77.985986,-77.985861,-77.985712,-77.985582,-77.985416,-77.985313,-77.985207,-77.985136,-77.985114,-77.985072,-77.985024,-77.984968,-77.984915,-77.98485,-77.984775,-77.9847,-77.984673,-77.984623,-77.984567,-77.984555,-77.984599,-77.984689,-77.984756,-77.984832,-77.984848,-77.984831,-77.984775,-77.984686,-77.984551,-77.984442,-77.984194,-77.984012,-77.983825,-77.983696,-77.983524,-77.983334,-77.983155,-77.982979,-77.982817,-77.982559,-77.982409,-77.982269,-77.982062,-77.981845,-77.981622,-77.981454,-77.981355,-77.98124,-77.981069,-77.980915,-77.980686,-77.980517,-77.980315,-77.980112,-77.979936,-77.979857,-77.979778,-77.979712,-77.979667,-77.979569,-77.979573,-77.97956,-77.979531,-77.9796,-77.979589,-77.979521,-77.979454,-77.979333,-77.979227,-77.979098,-77.978975,-77.978849,-77.978733,-77.97861,-77.978482,-77.978354,-77.978212,-77.978092,-77.97787,-77.977728,-77.977591,-77.977391,-77.977254,-77.977205,-77.977075,-77.977031,-77.977035,-77.976976,-77.977004,-77.977023,-77.976962,-77.976864,-77.976782,-77.976706,-77.976598,-77.976426,-77.976253,-77.97621,-77.976166,-77.976094,-77.976026,-77.975953,-77.975887,-77.975818,-77.975748,-77.97565,-77.975545,-77.975422,-77.975223,-77.97503,-77.974777,-77.974534,-77.974202,-77.973961,-77.973725,-77.973559,-77.973466,-77.973401,-77.973366,-77.973285,-77.973149,-77.972998,-77.972854,-77.972817,-77.972755,-77.972596,-77.972403,-77.972191,-77.971998,-77.971786,-77.971616,-77.971438,-77.971248,-77.971036,-77.970881,-77.970706,-77.970502,-77.97032,-77.970113,-77.969901,-77.969712,-77.969519,-77.969409,-77.969273,-77.969088,-77.968941,-77.968827,-77.968578,-77.968512,-77.968322,-77.967976,-77.967612,-77.967432,-77.967358,-77.967272,-77.966823,-77.966453,-77.965433,-77.965239,-77.965046,-77.964854,-77.964663,-77.964473,-77.964283,-77.964095,-77.963907,-77.963707,-77.963643,-77.963515,-77.963419,-77.96322,-77.963039,-77.96286,-77.962681,-77.962504,-77.96233,-77.962158,-77.961931,-77.961501,-77.961156,-77.960166,-77.959042,-77.958729,-77.958508,-77.958063,-77.957081,-77.955858,-77.954877,-77.953639,-77.95336,-77.953325,-77.953026,-77.952728,-77.952628,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.951897,-77.951832,-77.951733,-77.951434,-77.951335,-77.951136,-77.951036,-77.950738,-77.950638,-77.95034,-77.950141,-77.949677,-77.949544,-77.949146,-77.948748,-77.948449,-77.94825,-77.94815,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948091,-77.94795,-77.947552,-77.947148,-77.947054,-77.946755,-77.946655,-77.946456,-77.94626,-77.946243,-77.946058,-77.945859,-77.945461,-77.945163,-77.944864,-77.944765,-77.944565,-77.944366,-77.944167,-77.943769,-77.94367,-77.943471,-77.943451,-77.943173,-77.943073,-77.942775,-77.942576,-77.942277,-77.942178,-77.941979,-77.94168,-77.941399,-77.941381,-77.941363,-77.940983,-77.940884,-77.940585,-77.940486,-77.940187,-77.939988,-77.939889,-77.939889,-77.93979,-77.939591,-77.939492,-77.939118,-77.939053,-77.938994,-77.938895,-77.938497,-77.937999,-77.9379,-77.937601,-77.937303,-77.937204,-77.936937,-77.936905,-77.936706,-77.936654,-77.936507,-77.936507,-77.936308,-77.936109,-77.93601,-77.93601,-77.935911,-77.935612,-77.935214,-77.934866,-77.934717,-77.934518,-77.934318,-77.934219,-77.93402,-77.933522,-77.933124,-77.932726,-77.932428,-77.932129,-77.93193,-77.931731,-77.931632,-77.930935,-77.930437,-77.930139,-77.929741,-77.929343,-77.929144,-77.928945,-77.928845,-77.928746,-77.928646,-77.928447,-77.928049,-77.927552,-77.927353,-77.927077,-77.926961,-77.92694,-77.926457,-77.926439,-77.926393,-77.926059,-77.925362,-77.925163,-77.924864,-77.924666,-77.924666,-77.924566,-77.924467,-77.924268,-77.923969,-77.923901,-77.92381,-77.923718,-77.923418,-77.923318,-77.923118,-77.922718,-77.922718,-77.922618,-77.922418,-77.922318,-77.922018,-77.921918,-77.921818,-77.921718,-77.921518,-77.921218,-77.920918,-77.920418,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920218,-77.920144,-77.919918,-77.919618,-77.919418,-77.919218,-77.919018,-77.918618,-77.918218,-77.918018,-77.917918,-77.917618,-77.917418,-77.917118,-77.916918,-77.916718,-77.915918,-77.915618,-77.915318,-77.915018,-77.914918,-77.914866,-77.914518,-77.914331,-77.914118,-77.914018,-77.914018,-77.913918,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913618,-77.9137,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913773,-77.914244,-77.914823,-77.91509,-77.915294,-77.91552,-77.915722,-77.915853,-77.916095,-77.916201,-77.916267,-77.916384,-77.916414,-77.916461,-77.9165,-77.916717,-77.916796,-77.916973,-77.917052,-77.917078,-77.91709,-77.917086,-77.91706,-77.916974,-77.916935,-77.916873,-77.916826,-77.91676,-77.916712,-77.916663,-77.916554,-77.916474,-77.916641,-77.917194,-77.917777,-77.918083,-77.918478,-77.918673,-77.919185,-77.919399,-77.919432,-77.919446,-77.919442,-77.919426,-77.919377,-77.919226,-77.919173,-77.919138,-77.919126,-77.919127,-77.919132,-77.919142,-77.91918,-77.919197,-77.919415,-77.919508,-77.919574,-77.919655,-77.919724,-77.920161,-77.920394,-77.920632,-77.920749,-77.920899,-77.921084,-77.921425,-77.921674,-77.921842,-77.921936,-77.922041,-77.922156,-77.922512,-77.922732,-77.922823,-77.922883,-77.922921,-77.922972,-77.922993,-77.923007,-77.923,-77.922886,-77.922745,-77.922599,-77.922424,-77.922258,-77.92209,-77.922069,-77.921973,-77.921887,-77.921757,-77.921615,-77.921422,-77.92141,-77.921263,-77.921117,-77.92104,-77.920919,-77.920847,-77.920777,-77.920678,-77.921113,-77.921522,-77.921894,-77.92234,-77.92275,-77.923139,-77.923451,-77.923473,-77.923551,-77.923622,-77.923711,-77.923992,-77.924244,-77.924749,-77.925609,-77.926092,-77.9266,-77.92686,-77.927113,-77.927478,-77.927588,-77.92776,-77.928035,-77.928242,-77.92832,-77.928522,-77.928914,-77.929445,-77.929599,-77.929878,-77.930814,-77.931608,-77.932031,-77.932262,-77.93249,-77.932723,-77.932975,-77.933293,-77.93366,-77.933761,-77.934027,-77.934355,-77.934867,-77.935127,-77.935388,-77.935523,-77.935584,-77.936134,-77.936818,-77.937398,-77.937725,-77.938219,-77.93855,-77.938801,-77.939171,-77.93956,-77.939589,-77.939725,-77.939907,-77.940244,-77.940653,-77.940968,-77.941363,-77.941666,-77.941971,-77.942237,-77.942443,-77.9426,-77.942739,-77.942908,-77.943038,-77.943264,-77.943841,-77.944061,-77.944611,-77.944779,-77.94497,-77.94518,-77.945672,-77.946182,-77.94638,-77.946743,-77.947489,-77.947744,-77.948222,-77.948547,-77.948777,-77.949085,-77.949599,-77.94999,-77.950116,-77.95105,-77.951167,-77.951401,-77.95161,-77.95229,-77.952577,-77.952785,-77.953211,-77.953655,-77.953832,-77.954072,-77.954371,-77.954777,-77.954831,-77.955195,-77.95566,-77.956086,-77.956996,-77.957402,-77.958064,-77.958546,-77.958696,-77.958947,-77.959242,-77.959758,-77.959959,-77.960083,-77.960202,-77.96033,-77.960535,-77.960679,-77.960747,-77.960966,-77.961054,-77.961115,-77.961322,-77.961679,-77.961735,-77.962077,-77.962212,-77.962389,-77.962497,-77.962724,-77.962989,-77.96319,-77.963491,-77.963634,-77.963953,-77.964253,-77.964412,-77.964645,-77.964767,-77.964934,-77.965256,-77.965473,-77.96832,-77.968906,-77.969251,-77.969838,-77.970216,-77.97048,-77.970728,-77.970921,-77.971226,-77.971434,-77.971639,-77.972146,-77.972728,-77.972899,-77.973057,-77.973256,-77.974923,-77.975311,-77.975886,-77.976248,-77.976721,-77.977,-77.977351,-77.977798,-77.978086,-77.978149,-77.978301,-77.97856,-77.978803,-77.978991,-77.979346,-77.979985,-77.980372,-77.981152,-77.981669,-77.981796,-77.982198,-77.982382,-77.982742,-77.982912,-77.983091,-77.983295,-77.983503,-77.983977,-77.984179,-77.984747,-77.984988,-77.985288,-77.985567,-77.985864,-77.987319,-77.987797,-77.987994,-77.988695,-77.988942,-77.989309,-77.989669,-77.99019,-77.990956,-77.991305,-77.991651,-77.992052,-77.992294,-77.992429,-77.992675,-77.992777,-77.993073,-77.993362,-77.993726,-77.994517,-77.994634,-77.994733,-77.995008,-77.995342,-77.995462,-77.995569,-77.995714,-77.995924,-77.996074,-77.996493,-77.99845,-77.998545,-77.99869,-77.998776,-77.998854,-77.998905,-77.998999,-77.999097,-77.999429,-77.99977,-78.000121,-78.000986,-78.001665,-78.002564,-78.003609,-78.004231,-78.004401,-78.004831,-78.005486,-78.005959,-78.006406,-78.006688,-78.006876,-78.007327,-78.007815,-78.008111,-78.008656,-78.008799,-78.008984,-78.009222,-78.009609,-78.009714,-78.009889,-78.010013,-78.010132,-78.010302,-78.010935,-78.011855,-78.012014,-78.012205,-78.012386,-78.012682,-78.013036,-78.013239,-78.013411,-78.013594,-78.013839,-78.014226,-78.015151,-78.015337,-78.015599,-78.015925,-78.016022,-78.016271,-78.016426,-78.016629,-78.0169,-78.017139,-78.017516,-78.018271,-78.01938,-78.02067,-78.020882,-78.021164,-78.021435,-78.02184,-78.022348,-78.023132,-78.023912,-78.024301,-78.0247,-78.025277,-78.025508,-78.025808,-78.026033,-78.026895,-78.027199,-78.027613,-78.028535,-78.028875,-78.029058,-78.029297,-78.029971,-78.030768,-78.031106,-78.031199,-78.03155,-78.032705,-78.033284,-78.033544,-78.033759,-78.033868,-78.034446,-78.034739,-78.034903,-78.035083,-78.035308,-78.03553,-78.036417,-78.036771,-78.037044,-78.037422,-78.037788,-78.037909,-78.038115,-78.038457,-78.038593,-78.038668,-78.038975,-78.039413,-78.039656,-78.040242,-78.041038,-78.041371,-78.041798,-78.042184,-78.042422,-78.042657,-78.042962,-78.043326,-78.043827,-78.043881,-78.043979,-78.044099,-78.044189,-78.04449,-78.044834,-78.045115,-78.045541,-78.045718,-78.045836,-78.045943,-78.046194,-78.046396,-78.046807,-78.047271,-78.047354,-78.047397,-78.047597,-78.047993,-78.048377,-78.048876,-78.049069,-78.049136,-78.049305,-78.049457,-78.049518,-78.04997,-78.050344,-78.050563,-78.050621,-78.050644,-78.05074,-78.050814,-78.050931,-78.051056,-78.0512,-78.051432,-78.051595,-78.051969,-78.052083,-78.052171,-78.052364,-78.052551,-78.05263,-78.052714,-78.052794,-78.052908,-78.052962,-78.053123,-78.053299,-78.053491,-78.053539,-78.053769,-78.054148,-78.054511,-78.054631,-78.054793,-78.05489,-78.054997,-78.055064,-78.055105,-78.055149,-78.055244,-78.055341,-78.055517,-78.055596,-78.055656,-78.05566,-78.055651,-78.055625,-78.055581,-78.055426,-78.055347,-78.055321,-78.055266,-78.055245,-78.055254,-78.055282,-78.055329,-78.055393,-78.055752,-78.055829,-78.055889,-78.055934,-78.055949,-78.055965,-78.05596,-78.055938,-78.055901,-78.05584,-78.055677,-78.055645,-78.055573,-78.055501,-78.055485,-78.055473,-78.055473,-78.055489,-78.055522,-78.055572,-78.055679,-78.056155,-78.056294,-78.056451,-78.056627,-78.057015,-78.057245,-78.057374,-78.057437,-78.057549,-78.057697,-78.057787,-78.057883,-78.057945,-78.058024,-78.05825,-78.058937,-78.059366,-78.059666,-78.059743,-78.059792,-78.059837,-78.059861,-78.05987,-78.059856,-78.059854,-78.05984,-78.059809,-78.059766,-78.059706,-78.059611,-78.059225,-78.059123,-78.058998,-78.058929,-78.058859,-78.058808,-78.058736,-78.05861,-78.058614,-78.05863,-78.058657,-78.058715,-78.05877,-78.059256,-78.059392,-78.059726,-78.059819,-78.059948,-78.060096,-78.060253,-78.060407,-78.060484,-78.061586,-78.062215,-78.062647,-78.06295,-78.06328,-78.063451,-78.063522,-78.063624,-78.063761,-78.063872,-78.064017,-78.064849,-78.06531,-78.065564,-78.065832,-78.066164,-78.06671,-78.068181,-78.069014,-78.070146,-78.070397,-78.070645,-78.070944,-78.071212,-78.072703,-78.073043,-78.073661,-78.075364,-78.07571,-78.076271,-78.077308,-78.078178,-78.078201,-78.078221,-78.078691,-78.078795,-78.078828,-78.079425,-78.079851,-78.08028,-78.081142,-78.081393,-78.081767,-78.082143,-78.082743,-78.08297,-78.083061,-78.084374,-78.08456,-78.084804,-78.085178,-78.085278,-78.085791,-78.0861,-78.08637,-78.08647,-78.087119,-78.08744,-78.088453,-78.08876,-78.089437,-78.089925,-78.09016,-78.090386,-78.09065,-78.090848,-78.090885,-78.091123,-78.091255,-78.093101,-78.093155,-78.093201,-78.093596,-78.095119,-78.09562,-78.096074,-78.096639,-78.096817,-78.097329,-78.098654,-78.099066,-78.099522,-78.100248,-78.100539,-78.101062,-78.101213,-78.101329,-78.101667,-78.101845,-78.102079,-78.102394,-78.102685,-78.102989,-78.103417,-78.104041,-78.104728,-78.104985,-78.106941,-78.108995,-78.109428,-78.109682,-78.109877,-78.110169,-78.110412,-78.110676,-78.110874,-78.111056,-78.111223,-78.111436,-78.111575,-78.111698,-78.111792,-78.1119,-78.111991,-78.112027,-78.112073,-78.112101,-78.112111,-78.1121,-78.112061,-78.111994,-78.111858,-78.111564,-78.111471,-78.111298,-78.111098,-78.11105,-78.111007,-78.110983,-78.110976,-78.110985,-78.111012,-78.111057,-78.11115,-78.111237,-78.111319,-78.11143,-78.111544,-78.111642,-78.111895,-78.112139,-78.112781,-78.113359,-78.11357,-78.113824,-78.113925,-78.114035,-78.114154,-78.114283,-78.114351,-78.114527,-78.114637,-78.114854,-78.115156,-78.115458,-78.116174,-78.11705,-78.11769,-78.119316,-78.119424,-78.119935,-78.120133,-78.12071,-78.121344,-78.121924,-78.122048,-78.122266,-78.122496,-78.123789,-78.12417,-78.124492,-78.124957,-78.125328,-78.125565,-78.126145,-78.126416,-78.126702,-78.127001,-78.127314,-78.127574,-78.127898,-78.127966,-78.128285,-78.128606,-78.128713,-78.128893,-78.129675,-78.13038,-78.131033,-78.132114,-78.133141,-78.133293,-78.133679,-78.134073,-78.134477,-78.134847,-78.135146,-78.135607,-78.136001,-78.136166,-78.136652,-78.136918,-78.137139,-78.137549,-78.137908,-78.138267,-78.138455,-78.138651,-78.13919,-78.140432,-78.143007,-78.143586,-78.143875,-78.144553,-78.145702,-78.145916,-78.146201,-78.146557,-78.146791,-78.147248,-78.147749,-78.148307,-78.14916,-78.15089,-78.151236,-78.151911,-78.152368,-78.15267,-78.152903,-78.153191,-78.153673,-78.1543,-78.155755,-78.156379,-78.156552,-78.156929,-78.157251,-78.157631,-78.157932,-78.158237,-78.158585,-78.15923,-78.160036,-78.160595,-78.161063,-78.161216,-78.16153,-78.162071,-78.163172,-78.164332,-78.164657,-78.165486,-78.165974,-78.166608,-78.167162,-78.167457,-78.167807,-78.168105,-78.168399,-78.168688,-78.169026,-78.169298,-78.169563,-78.169948,-78.170333,-78.170809,-78.171403,-78.172024,-78.173122,-78.173124,-78.173143,-78.17318,-78.173298,-78.173491,-78.173657,-78.173935,-78.174087,-78.174393,-78.17447,-78.174581,-78.174636,-78.174758,-78.174915,-78.17511,-78.175152,-78.175175,-78.175176,-78.175178,-78.175185,-78.175212,-78.175242,-78.175353,-78.175467,-78.175658,-78.176015,-78.176297,-78.177149,-78.177344,-78.177821,-78.177948,-78.178079,-78.178562,-78.179261,-78.180053,-78.181055,-78.182347,-78.182691,-78.183138,-78.18343,-78.183521,-78.183605,-78.183649,-78.183768],"lat":[38.128858,38.129244,38.129894,38.129955,38.130102,38.130104,38.130104,38.130102,38.130104,38.130104,38.130107,38.130111,38.130113,38.130119,38.130128,38.130135,38.130154,38.130168,38.130174,38.130174,38.130172,38.130167,38.130157,38.130152,38.130145,38.130135,38.130134,38.130134,38.13013,38.130126,38.130121,38.130113,38.130101,38.130084,38.130077,38.130073,38.130068,38.130061,38.130034,38.130005,38.129985,38.129976,38.129976,38.129978,38.129985,38.129987,38.129987,38.129996,38.130002,38.130009,38.130015,38.130027,38.130033,38.13004,38.13004,38.130042,38.13004,38.130035,38.130027,38.13002,38.130009,38.129994,38.129983,38.129978,38.129974,38.129974,38.129976,38.129983,38.129991,38.129995,38.130004,38.130006,38.130006,38.130002,38.129995,38.129987,38.129969,38.129956,38.129938,38.129922,38.12991,38.129896,38.129888,38.129888,38.129885,38.129885,38.129892,38.129892,38.129896,38.129903,38.129914,38.129923,38.129923,38.129922,38.129922,38.129925,38.129933,38.129938,38.129936,38.129936,38.129941,38.129948,38.129952,38.129956,38.12996,38.129962,38.129962,38.129973,38.129977,38.129985,38.12999,38.129996,38.130003,38.130003,38.130005,38.130005,38.130007,38.130007,38.13001,38.13001,38.130012,38.130014,38.130018,38.130021,38.130027,38.130029,38.130033,38.130033,38.13004,38.130047,38.130055,38.130058,38.130066,38.130069,38.130076,38.130094,38.130113,38.13013,38.130158,38.130169,38.130185,38.130189,38.130195,38.130195,38.130191,38.130191,38.130191,38.130189,38.130189,38.130188,38.130191,38.1302,38.13021,38.130219,38.13023,38.130246,38.130261,38.130276,38.130305,38.130364,38.130385,38.130421,38.13043,38.130419,38.130411,38.130405,38.130401,38.130392,38.130375,38.130364,38.130353,38.130342,38.130335,38.130328,38.130306,38.130298,38.130293,38.130289,38.130287,38.130287,38.130295,38.130298,38.130317,38.130324,38.130324,38.130317,38.130302,38.130287,38.13028,38.13028,38.130284,38.130284,38.130286,38.130291,38.130295,38.130298,38.130298,38.1303,38.130297,38.130287,38.130276,38.130254,38.130219,38.130187,38.130158,38.13013,38.130104,38.130089,38.130082,38.13008,38.13008,38.130078,38.130082,38.130085,38.130093,38.130104,38.130122,38.130141,38.13017,38.130185,38.130207,38.130224,38.13024,38.130255,38.130277,38.130295,38.130313,38.130343,38.130358,38.130369,38.130369,38.130361,38.130347,38.130328,38.13031,38.130295,38.130269,38.130257,38.130245,38.130231,38.130223,38.130218,38.130207,38.130194,38.130182,38.130154,38.130122,38.130082,38.130049,38.130042,38.130042,38.13004,38.130043,38.130049,38.130049,38.130045,38.130038,38.130027,38.130016,38.130005,38.130001,38.129994,38.129974,38.129961,38.129924,38.129906,38.129902,38.129904,38.129913,38.129935,38.129939,38.129935,38.129917,38.129898,38.129886,38.129865,38.129856,38.129851,38.129845,38.129843,38.12984,38.12984,38.129838,38.12983,38.129821,38.129818,38.12981,38.129803,38.129798,38.129781,38.129777,38.129765,38.129763,38.129748,38.129744,38.129728,38.129704,38.129689,38.129684,38.129678,38.129675,38.129674,38.129688,38.129721,38.129757,38.129785,38.129823,38.129865,38.129881,38.129895,38.129912,38.129927,38.129949,38.129967,38.129984,38.130006,38.130013,38.130022,38.130031,38.130039,38.130044,38.130052,38.130061,38.130077,38.130094,38.130112,38.130138,38.130149,38.130162,38.130182,38.13023,38.130248,38.130265,38.130282,38.130291,38.130304,38.130315,38.130329,38.130385,38.130392,38.130396,38.130405,38.130409,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.130412,38.130412,38.130416,38.130422,38.130427,38.130451,38.130479,38.130488,38.130499,38.130532,38.130543,38.130558,38.130569,38.130578,38.130624,38.130639,38.13065,38.130661,38.130676,38.13069,38.130716,38.130756,38.130771,38.130793,38.130819,38.130863,38.13088,38.130908,38.13094,38.130979,38.130996,38.131008,38.131023,38.131036,38.131076,38.131091,38.13111,38.131124,38.131141,38.131157,38.13119,38.13123,38.131271,38.131312,38.131354,38.131396,38.131413,38.131426,38.131463,38.131492,38.131505,38.131555,38.131577,38.13159,38.131613,38.131628,38.131639,38.131659,38.131676,38.131771,38.131786,38.131806,38.131823,38.131865,38.131948,38.131973,38.132001,38.132045,38.132069,38.132109,38.132124,38.132146,38.132165,38.132176,38.132217,38.132257,38.132298,38.13234,38.132392,38.132407,38.132458,38.132495,38.13251,38.132525,38.132545,38.132563,38.132627,38.132642,38.132655,38.132716,38.132741,38.13276,38.132775,38.132789,38.132816,38.132839,38.132863,38.132931,38.132944,38.132958,38.13298,38.132999,38.133013,38.133028,38.133043,38.133061,38.133076,38.133089,38.133133,38.133175,38.133215,38.133237,38.133255,38.13327,38.1333,38.133315,38.133331,38.133362,38.133388,38.133406,38.133458,38.133482,38.133507,38.133533,38.133555,38.133574,38.133594,38.133631,38.133645,38.133662,38.133675,38.133689,38.133704,38.133726,38.133741,38.133763,38.133785,38.133817,38.133833,38.133877,38.133891,38.133906,38.133932,38.133947,38.133963,38.133981,38.134015,38.134049,38.134085,38.134119,38.13414,38.13416,38.134195,38.134206,38.134215,38.134224,38.134233,38.134237,38.134248,38.134268,38.134288,38.134303,38.134314,38.134331,38.134338,38.13434,38.134347,38.134351,38.134369,38.134388,38.13441,38.134432,38.134441,38.13445,38.134461,38.13447,38.134474,38.13448,38.134483,38.134491,38.134494,38.134502,38.134513,38.134524,38.134539,38.134546,38.134568,38.134595,38.134621,38.134651,38.134664,38.134675,38.134689,38.134702,38.134719,38.134733,38.134748,38.134759,38.134796,38.134811,38.134838,38.134856,38.134869,38.134891,38.134967,38.134983,38.134994,38.135011,38.135024,38.13504,38.135049,38.135071,38.135086,38.135112,38.135125,38.135141,38.13516,38.135167,38.135178,38.135189,38.135204,38.135215,38.13523,38.135244,38.135259,38.135272,38.135306,38.13534,38.135378,38.135417,38.135446,38.135461,38.135478,38.135527,38.135582,38.135597,38.135637,38.135652,38.135711,38.135726,38.13574,38.135757,38.135796,38.135807,38.135819,38.135838,38.135851,38.135865,38.135873,38.13588,38.135891,38.135898,38.135913,38.135932,38.13595,38.135965,38.135979,38.135989,38.135994,38.136,38.13601,38.136026,38.136051,38.136076,38.136097,38.136104,38.136112,38.136119,38.136134,38.136141,38.136152,38.136161,38.136171,38.136178,38.136185,38.136193,38.1362,38.1362,38.136215,38.136228,38.136244,38.13627,38.136288,38.136299,38.13631,38.136325,38.136334,38.136347,38.136354,38.136362,38.136369,38.13638,38.136391,38.136417,38.136441,38.136456,38.136467,38.136481,38.136491,38.1365,38.136505,38.136522,38.136542,38.136566,38.136592,38.136601,38.13661,38.136628,38.136656,38.13666,38.13666,38.136656,38.136652,38.136643,38.136628,38.136608,38.136594,38.136564,38.136542,38.136524,38.136511,38.136504,38.136502,38.136502,38.136506,38.136517,38.136528,38.136553,38.136564,38.136575,38.136597,38.136605,38.13662,38.136627,38.136642,38.136649,38.136674,38.136697,38.136709,38.136733,38.136757,38.13678,38.13679,38.136788,38.136762,38.13675,38.136749,38.136772,38.136782,38.136789,38.1368,38.136825,38.13684,38.136857,38.136888,38.136921,38.136939,38.136954,38.136972,38.136998,38.137016,38.137046,38.137064,38.137077,38.137086,38.137094,38.137099,38.137105,38.137112,38.137116,38.137116,38.137119,38.137134,38.137142,38.137149,38.137158,38.1372,38.137211,38.13723,38.137251,38.137281,38.137312,38.137339,38.13736,38.137364,38.137362,38.137366,38.137379,38.137395,38.137406,38.137417,38.137447,38.137476,38.137513,38.137531,38.137551,38.137568,38.137586,38.137599,38.137612,38.137623,38.137645,38.137651,38.137654,38.13766,38.137662,38.137662,38.13766,38.137649,38.137642,38.137627,38.13761,38.137592,38.13757,38.137555,38.137524,38.13748,38.137471,38.137433,38.137407,38.137389,38.137405,38.137428,38.137457,38.137476,38.137489,38.137486,38.137475,38.137458,38.137425,38.1374,38.137368,38.137346,38.137326,38.137311,38.13728,38.137271,38.137259,38.137245,38.137229,38.137208,38.137194,38.137194,38.137197,38.137207,38.137234,38.137245,38.137252,38.13726,38.137277,38.137283,38.137281,38.137257,38.137238,38.137233,38.137243,38.137266,38.137276,38.13729,38.137298,38.13725,38.137251,38.137271,38.137299,38.137303,38.137345,38.137356,38.137354,38.137352,38.137345,38.137339,38.137339,38.13733,38.137315,38.1373,38.137297,38.137307,38.137307,38.137305,38.137298,38.13729,38.137278,38.137268,38.137268,38.137267,38.137267,38.137252,38.137226,38.137196,38.137177,38.137166,38.13715,38.137135,38.137123,38.137105,38.13709,38.137081,38.13708,38.137104,38.137128,38.137134,38.137157,38.13718,38.137183,38.137157,38.137135,38.137102,38.137082,38.137064,38.137053,38.137055,38.137085,38.137087,38.137084,38.137081,38.137082,38.137098,38.137113,38.137128,38.137132,38.137129,38.137125,38.137121,38.137112,38.137111,38.137123,38.137142,38.137188,38.137196,38.137197,38.137197,38.137195,38.137178,38.13716,38.13715,38.137138,38.137122,38.137103,38.137082,38.137063,38.137041,38.137025,38.137021,38.13702,38.137032,38.137061,38.13709,38.137099,38.137095,38.137077,38.137055,38.137041,38.137024,38.137,38.136984,38.136972,38.136972,38.136979,38.136983,38.136986,38.136989,38.136987,38.136982,38.136982,38.136977,38.136968,38.136964,38.136963,38.136961,38.13696,38.136964,38.136967,38.13698,38.137008,38.137014,38.137019,38.137022,38.137016,38.136995,38.136967,38.136951,38.136931,38.136914,38.136906,38.136901,38.136899,38.136898,38.136896,38.136895,38.13689,38.136875,38.136853,38.136824,38.136799,38.136776,38.136774,38.136796,38.136813,38.136831,38.136857,38.136877,38.136878,38.136871,38.136846,38.136836,38.136866,38.136913,38.136956,38.136976,38.136987,38.136979,38.136972,38.136975,38.136977,38.136998,38.137037,38.13708,38.137089,38.137098,38.137106,38.137117,38.137129,38.137149,38.137161,38.137172,38.137185,38.137193,38.1372,38.137208,38.137211,38.13723,38.137233,38.137237,38.137236,38.137232,38.137229,38.137221,38.137215,38.137199,38.137198,38.137202,38.137209,38.137221,38.137236,38.137255,38.13727,38.137291,38.137317,38.137332,38.137347,38.137363,38.137382,38.137404,38.137427,38.137461,38.137484,38.137493,38.137469,38.137447,38.137432,38.137357,38.137343,38.137331,38.137325,38.137323,38.137297,38.137297,38.137294,38.137283,38.137271,38.137261,38.137266,38.137286,38.137318,38.137366,38.137401,38.137426,38.137457,38.137489,38.137513,38.13753,38.137546,38.137555,38.13759,38.13763,38.137664,38.137689,38.137694,38.137699,38.137706,38.137715,38.137728,38.137745,38.137767,38.137806,38.13783,38.137843,38.137854,38.137879,38.137884,38.137864,38.137844,38.137839,38.137837,38.137841,38.137848,38.137852,38.137857,38.137874,38.137891,38.137898,38.137899,38.137894,38.137877,38.137866,38.137868,38.137872,38.137858,38.137824,38.137819,38.13784,38.137856,38.137898,38.137949,38.137966,38.137991,38.138018,38.138057,38.138069,38.13808,38.138087,38.138137,38.138132,38.138118,38.138099,38.138082,38.138088,38.138093,38.138112,38.138146,38.138162,38.138179,38.138216,38.138237,38.138274,38.138317,38.13836,38.138403,38.138445,38.138465,38.138484,38.138503,38.138513,38.138508,38.138494,38.138501,38.138512,38.138508,38.138501,38.138485,38.138466,38.138445,38.138419,38.138406,38.13838,38.138369,38.138356,38.138352,38.138339,38.138346,38.138362,38.138385,38.138412,38.138443,38.138462,38.138483,38.138502,38.138516,38.138538,38.138547,38.138554,38.138561,38.138568,38.138581,38.138611,38.138631,38.138653,38.138696,38.13874,38.138784,38.138806,38.138836,38.138878,38.138889,38.138841,38.138763,38.138725,38.138709,38.13868,38.138646,38.138599,38.138587,38.138528,38.138516,38.138504,38.138493,38.138483,38.138474,38.138478,38.138492,38.138506,38.138524,38.138539,38.138568,38.138608,38.138638,38.138654,38.138668,38.13868,38.138684,38.138684,38.138673,38.138656,38.138645,38.138647,38.138668,38.138699,38.138738,38.138771,38.138786,38.138802,38.138821,38.138841,38.138862,38.138876,38.138891,38.138906,38.138914,38.138923,38.138941,38.138957,38.138975,38.138991,38.139006,38.139023,38.139051,38.139062,38.139077,38.13909,38.139105,38.139122,38.139146,38.139171,38.139198,38.139212,38.139232,38.139248,38.139266,38.139285,38.139317,38.139337,38.139358,38.139384,38.139398,38.139441,38.139482,38.139508,38.139513,38.139516,38.139519,38.139518,38.13952,38.139527,38.139537,38.139536,38.139534,38.139536,38.139539,38.139547,38.139551,38.139561,38.139579,38.139631,38.139646,38.13967,38.139689,38.139747,38.13977,38.13979,38.139819,38.139836,38.139887,38.139903,38.139918,38.139946,38.139983,38.140001,38.140104,38.140113,38.140155,38.14019,38.140215,38.140213,38.140181,38.140165,38.140161,38.14016,38.140164,38.140173,38.14021,38.140229,38.140247,38.140268,38.140288,38.140305,38.140327,38.140342,38.140358,38.140376,38.140407,38.140451,38.14047,38.140492,38.140511,38.140526,38.140555,38.140568,38.140579,38.140595,38.140606,38.140644,38.140668,38.140695,38.140716,38.140734,38.140796,38.140813,38.140857,38.1409,38.140943,38.140986,38.141011,38.141026,38.141042,38.141079,38.141095,38.141115,38.141166,38.141184,38.14121,38.141235,38.141251,38.14127,38.141286,38.141301,38.141313,38.141324,38.141335,38.141343,38.14135,38.141354,38.141361,38.141364,38.141367,38.14137,38.141374,38.141379,38.141391,38.141404,38.141417,38.141434,38.141457,38.141475,38.141496,38.141519,38.141555,38.141595,38.141632,38.141669,38.141706,38.141728,38.141744,38.141759,38.141781,38.141798,38.141818,38.141839,38.141855,38.141868,38.141893,38.141915,38.14194,38.141965,38.141984,38.142004,38.142022,38.142057,38.14207,38.142082,38.142095,38.142102,38.142112,38.142122,38.142124,38.142124,38.142125,38.142129,38.142138,38.142145,38.142182,38.142193,38.142214,38.142229,38.142249,38.142275,38.142288,38.14232,38.142355,38.142386,38.142421,38.142467,38.142498,38.142511,38.142523,38.142532,38.142543,38.142551,38.142558,38.142562,38.142563,38.142561,38.142564,38.142564,38.142571,38.14258,38.142605,38.142616,38.142643,38.142662,38.142681,38.142697,38.142732,38.142769,38.142794,38.142817,38.14283,38.142906,38.142942,38.142977,38.142999,38.142993,38.142977,38.142962,38.142946,38.142934,38.142923,38.142914,38.142929,38.142949,38.142951,38.142945,38.142937,38.142926,38.142916,38.142908,38.1429,38.142886,38.142874,38.142858,38.142838,38.142815,38.142775,38.142716,38.1427,38.142679,38.142657,38.142637,38.142602,38.142563,38.14253,38.142505,38.142487,38.142458,38.142449,38.142407,38.142364,38.142328,38.142295,38.142257,38.142245,38.142229,38.142217,38.142185,38.142142,38.142126,38.142104,38.142086,38.142074,38.142056,38.142042,38.142026,38.14201,38.141994,38.141962,38.141942,38.141927,38.141913,38.141891,38.141875,38.14186,38.141838,38.141821,38.141803,38.141785,38.141738,38.141688,38.141656,38.141625,38.141602,38.14159,38.141581,38.141568,38.14156,38.141524,38.141491,38.141452,38.141409,38.141362,38.141336,38.141277,38.141244,38.141188,38.141166,38.14115,38.141138,38.141126,38.141114,38.141109,38.141105,38.141096,38.141096,38.141092,38.141091,38.141087,38.141087,38.141083,38.141078,38.141073,38.141072,38.141071,38.14107,38.141072,38.141076,38.141085,38.141095,38.141098,38.141101,38.141101,38.141104,38.141101,38.141097,38.141083,38.141073,38.141064,38.14104,38.14104,38.141037,38.141039,38.141039,38.141042,38.141045,38.141059,38.141093,38.141107,38.141126,38.141142,38.141159,38.141199,38.141235,38.141268,38.141298,38.141329,38.141367,38.141384,38.141407,38.141422,38.141442,38.141457,38.141472,38.141511,38.141524,38.141576,38.141591,38.141622,38.141633,38.141658,38.141673,38.141683,38.141685,38.141689,38.141692,38.141688,38.141689,38.141689,38.14169,38.141689,38.141688,38.141688,38.14169,38.141696,38.141716,38.141728,38.141741,38.141754,38.141759,38.141761,38.141764,38.141764,38.141771,38.14177,38.141774,38.14177,38.141765,38.141763,38.141766,38.141767,38.141768,38.141778,38.1418,38.141813,38.141807,38.141784,38.141749,38.141706,38.141659,38.141626,38.141604,38.141589,38.14159,38.141592,38.141595,38.141601,38.141606,38.141619,38.141644,38.141664,38.14168,38.14168,38.141673,38.141661,38.141645,38.141578,38.141536,38.141511,38.141485,38.141467,38.141452,38.14143,38.141403,38.141377,38.14135,38.141329,38.141304,38.141273,38.141246,38.141226,38.141226,38.141232,38.141243,38.14125,38.141254,38.141252,38.141231,38.14124,38.141264,38.141293,38.141303,38.141321,38.141335,38.141352,38.141364,38.141357,38.141341,38.141311,38.141273,38.141229,38.141202,38.141176,38.141149,38.141121,38.1411,38.141077,38.141064,38.14106,38.14106,38.141056,38.14104,38.141017,38.140993,38.140944,38.140874,38.140824,38.140789,38.140748,38.140707,38.140676,38.14067,38.140654,38.140624,38.140601,38.140581,38.140573,38.140563,38.140542,38.140515,38.140471,38.14043,38.140401,38.140372,38.140355,38.140338,38.140313,38.140291,38.140272,38.140251,38.140238,38.14023,38.140218,38.140208,38.140202,38.140194,38.140176,38.140161,38.140147,38.140117,38.140107,38.140092,38.140074,38.140062,38.140015,38.140005,38.139993,38.139981,38.139966,38.139954,38.139943,38.139929,38.139909,38.139897,38.139877,38.139841,38.139762,38.139739,38.139719,38.1397,38.139662,38.139623,38.139577,38.139536,38.139513,38.13949,38.13946,38.13943,38.139391,38.139365,38.139327,38.139299,38.139275,38.13926,38.13924,38.139216,38.139192,38.139175,38.139164,38.139162,38.139157,38.139141,38.139129,38.139089,38.139077,38.139069,38.139057,38.13905,38.139037,38.139025,38.139009,38.138993,38.138979,38.138963,38.138953,38.138943,38.138934,38.138926,38.138894,38.138868,38.138849,38.138836,38.138824,38.138805,38.138773,38.138752,38.138729,38.1387,38.138671,38.138641,38.138617,38.138601,38.138562,38.138541,38.138523,38.138509,38.1385,38.138501,38.138504,38.138518,38.138526,38.138532,38.138536,38.13854,38.138543,38.138547,38.138556,38.13856,38.138561,38.138568,38.13856,38.138553,38.13855,38.138548,38.138556,38.138569,38.138579,38.138601,38.1386,38.138609,38.13863,38.138632,38.138634,38.138647,38.138645,38.138645,38.13865,38.138661,38.138672,38.13868,38.138685,38.138693,38.138696,38.138698,38.138697,38.138698,38.138695,38.138695,38.138708,38.138715,38.138714,38.138706,38.138692,38.138675,38.138663,38.138649,38.138642,38.138648,38.138663,38.138691,38.13872,38.138748,38.138776,38.138797,38.138807,38.138816,38.13882,38.13884,38.138863,38.138888,38.138928,38.138937,38.138953,38.138976,38.138994,38.139028,38.13905,38.139069,38.139091,38.139112,38.139124,38.139128,38.139132,38.139135,38.139137,38.139123,38.139124,38.139121,38.139121,38.139116,38.139111,38.139103,38.139096,38.139089,38.139077,38.139072,38.139062,38.139043,38.139028,38.13902,38.139008,38.138984,38.138962,38.138943,38.138925,38.138906,38.138899,38.138893,38.138886,38.138882,38.138879,38.138876,38.138879,38.138884,38.138889,38.138893,38.138901,38.13891,38.13893,38.138935,38.138935,38.138934,38.138906,38.138895,38.138888,38.138882,38.138884,38.138892,38.138905,38.138926,38.138944,38.138963,38.138971,38.138975,38.138968,38.138961,38.138956,38.138946,38.138939,38.138937,38.138938,38.13894,38.138936,38.13893,38.138919,38.138905,38.138885,38.138863,38.138848,38.138832,38.138812,38.13879,38.138764,38.138737,38.138727,38.138742,38.138758,38.138753,38.138749,38.138748,38.138741,38.138735,38.138732,38.138724,38.138705,38.138699,38.138707,38.138731,38.138758,38.138779,38.138794,38.138805,38.138833,38.138863,38.138899,38.138926,38.138958,38.138985,38.139006,38.139006,38.138996,38.138964,38.138964,38.138997,38.139021,38.139045,38.139072,38.139095,38.139115,38.139135,38.139149,38.139157,38.139168,38.139169,38.139146,38.139125,38.139104,38.139062,38.139043,38.139031,38.139028,38.139029,38.139033,38.139036,38.13904,38.139047,38.139035,38.139049,38.139057,38.139053,38.139041,38.139023,38.139006,38.139002,38.139009,38.139026,38.13904,38.139041,38.139045,38.13905,38.139055,38.139055,38.139065,38.139067,38.139071,38.139074,38.139076,38.139097,38.139102,38.139108,38.139115,38.139121,38.139124,38.139132,38.139142,38.13915,38.139155,38.13916,38.139173,38.139189,38.13921,38.139231,38.13925,38.139268,38.139274,38.139289,38.139299,38.139303,38.139316,38.139325,38.139329,38.139331,38.139333,38.139333,38.139336,38.139337,38.139341,38.139329,38.139333,38.139338,38.139342,38.139344,38.139349,38.139351,38.139354,38.139356,38.139357,38.139363,38.139371,38.139372,38.139375,38.139379,38.13939,38.139423,38.139424,38.139421,38.139467,38.139508,38.139556,38.13958,38.13958,38.13957,38.139566,38.139566,38.139578,38.139585,38.139595,38.139618,38.139647,38.139673,38.139702,38.13973,38.139762,38.139794,38.139829,38.139841,38.139898,38.139934,38.139972,38.140009,38.140046,38.140065,38.14008,38.140094,38.140104,38.140114,38.140137,38.140149,38.140163,38.140203,38.140227,38.140243,38.140255,38.140256,38.140254,38.140249,38.140245,38.140244,38.140239,38.140233,38.140223,38.140205,38.14017,38.140138,38.140108,38.140063,38.140045,38.140006,38.139959,38.139941,38.139911,38.139881,38.139873,38.139867,38.139879,38.13992,38.139938,38.139931,38.139924,38.139916,38.139909,38.13989,38.139874,38.139839,38.139824,38.139802,38.139767,38.139751,38.139734,38.139713,38.139696,38.139685,38.139677,38.139684,38.139696,38.139708,38.139714,38.139711,38.139695,38.139678,38.139664,38.139642,38.139632,38.139623,38.139613,38.139604,38.1396,38.139596,38.139599,38.139601,38.1396,38.139599,38.139602,38.139618,38.139639,38.139647,38.139663,38.139676,38.139686,38.13972,38.139732,38.139768,38.139804,38.13984,38.139864,38.139924,38.139938,38.139936,38.139948,38.139954,38.139947,38.139926,38.139903,38.139891,38.139894,38.1399,38.139908,38.13992,38.139932,38.139948,38.139974,38.139986,38.139989,38.13999,38.139987,38.139983,38.13996,38.139942,38.139934,38.139925,38.13993,38.139946,38.13996,38.139976,38.139983,38.139991,38.140005,38.140026,38.140034,38.140051,38.14006,38.140064,38.140068,38.140076,38.140089,38.140103,38.140115,38.14012,38.140124,38.140137,38.140145,38.14015,38.140154,38.140159,38.140167,38.140176,38.14018,38.14018,38.140189,38.140199,38.140206,38.14021,38.140211,38.140213,38.140214,38.140212,38.140209,38.140202,38.140183,38.140174,38.140165,38.140157,38.14015,38.140143,38.140132,38.140125,38.140122,38.140122,38.140118,38.140117,38.140113,38.140103,38.140075,38.140068,38.140049,38.140046,38.140035,38.140029,38.140024,38.140007,38.140002,38.14,38.140003,38.140005,38.140009,38.140018,38.14003,38.140046,38.140062,38.140081,38.140105,38.14012,38.140138,38.140147,38.14017,38.140181,38.140192,38.1402,38.140212,38.140231,38.140258,38.140296,38.140329,38.140357,38.140392,38.140422,38.140447,38.140473,38.140496,38.140518,38.140545,38.140563,38.140584,38.140608,38.140631,38.140651,38.14067,38.140677,38.140687,38.140694,38.140708,38.140727,38.14075,38.14078,38.140805,38.14083,38.140849,38.140874,38.140894,38.140918,38.140946,38.140972,38.141014,38.141049,38.141084,38.141122,38.14116,38.141185,38.141207,38.141235,38.141255,38.141274,38.141278,38.141282,38.141277,38.141261,38.141244,38.141229,38.141207,38.141186,38.141166,38.141146,38.14114,38.14112,38.141118,38.141117,38.141123,38.141124,38.141123,38.141121,38.141127,38.141136,38.141148,38.14118,38.141222,38.141231,38.141235,38.141237,38.141239,38.141238,38.141239,38.14124,38.141224,38.141221,38.141231,38.141242,38.141261,38.141269,38.141282,38.141298,38.141322,38.141342,38.141357,38.141409,38.141483,38.141527,38.141563,38.141601,38.141636,38.141684,38.141731,38.141771,38.141813,38.141869,38.141913,38.141944,38.141977,38.14202,38.142069,38.142101,38.142147,38.142171,38.142202,38.142236,38.142267,38.142293,38.142323,38.142355,38.142375,38.142397,38.142417,38.142435,38.142457,38.142477,38.142502,38.142532,38.142561,38.142589,38.142619,38.142639,38.14265,38.142647,38.142646,38.142666,38.142676,38.142684,38.142712,38.142737,38.142759,38.142771,38.142786,38.142804,38.142815,38.142828,38.142841,38.142858,38.142873,38.14289,38.142946,38.142962,38.142977,38.142993,38.143009,38.143084,38.143102,38.143122,38.143149,38.143176,38.143198,38.143215,38.14325,38.143275,38.143305,38.143329,38.143369,38.143404,38.143416,38.143424,38.143429,38.143432,38.143435,38.143449,38.143463,38.143478,38.143501,38.143533,38.143549,38.143565,38.143602,38.14367,38.143686,38.1437,38.143718,38.143758,38.143773,38.143845,38.143865,38.143879,38.143899,38.143917,38.143929,38.143955,38.143982,38.144004,38.144043,38.144078,38.144115,38.144154,38.144173,38.144193,38.144209,38.144231,38.144256,38.144288,38.144304,38.144332,38.144348,38.144373,38.144385,38.144401,38.144415,38.144431,38.14445,38.144463,38.144482,38.144499,38.144509,38.144516,38.144513,38.144506,38.144503,38.144509,38.144538,38.144582,38.144623,38.144658,38.144687,38.144722,38.144769,38.14482,38.14484,38.144868,38.14491,38.144957,38.145015,38.145068,38.145091,38.145111,38.145146,38.145176,38.145198,38.145217,38.145234,38.145251,38.145267,38.145283,38.145298,38.145323,38.145352,38.145378,38.145405,38.145446,38.145465,38.145481,38.145497,38.145513,38.145529,38.145544,38.145558,38.145579,38.1456,38.145614,38.145635,38.145655,38.145685,38.145701,38.145721,38.145739,38.145756,38.145772,38.145782,38.145817,38.145844,38.145867,38.145913,38.145928,38.145943,38.145959,38.145978,38.146017,38.146033,38.146065,38.146088,38.146128,38.14618,38.146196,38.14621,38.146227,38.146245,38.146263,38.146279,38.146295,38.14632,38.14634,38.146363,38.146394,38.146415,38.146441,38.146461,38.146477,38.14649,38.146497,38.146507,38.146506,38.146526,38.146553,38.146583,38.146617,38.146642,38.14668,38.146703,38.146733,38.146762,38.146772,38.146802,38.146834,38.146873,38.14692,38.146939,38.146978,38.147026,38.147071,38.147112,38.147157,38.147178,38.147198,38.147222,38.147257,38.147284,38.147312,38.147343,38.147367,38.147403,38.14743,38.147447,38.147463,38.147484,38.147508,38.147524,38.147548,38.147568,38.14758,38.147595,38.147616,38.147637,38.147654,38.147678,38.147695,38.147714,38.147741,38.147778,38.147799,38.147814,38.147826,38.147858,38.14789,38.147902,38.147926,38.147939,38.147985,38.147999,38.148005,38.148023,38.148031,38.148054,38.148068,38.148078,38.148094,38.148099,38.148099,38.148102,38.148102,38.148105,38.148096,38.148082,38.148087,38.148095,38.148105,38.148112,38.148118,38.148135,38.148143,38.148165,38.148174,38.148194,38.14823,38.14824,38.148252,38.148264,38.148283,38.148295,38.148301,38.14831,38.148316,38.148325,38.148329,38.14834,38.148356,38.148368,38.148384,38.1484,38.14842,38.148461,38.1485,38.148535,38.148542,38.148562,38.148578,38.148585,38.148608,38.148628,38.148633,38.148637,38.148638,38.148643,38.148644,38.148648,38.148649,38.148657,38.148662,38.148699,38.148711,38.148719,38.148731,38.148745,38.148813,38.148843,38.14885,38.148848,38.148842,38.148848,38.148841,38.148837,38.148827,38.148827,38.14884,38.148859,38.148872,38.148887,38.1489,38.148907,38.148915,38.148926,38.148936,38.148943,38.148954,38.148974,38.149004,38.149036,38.149067,38.149106,38.149139,38.149192,38.149221,38.149241,38.149281,38.149328,38.149388,38.14942,38.149455,38.149491,38.14952,38.149534,38.149542,38.149543,38.149551,38.14956,38.149584,38.149592,38.149617,38.149641,38.149669,38.149701,38.149723,38.149744,38.149756,38.149769,38.14982,38.149837,38.149851,38.149866,38.149885,38.149908,38.149943,38.149999,38.150015,38.150045,38.15006,38.150079,38.150108,38.150149,38.150166,38.150194,38.150204,38.150213,38.150219,38.15023,38.150238,38.150239,38.15024,38.150237,38.150235,38.150237,38.150242,38.150239,38.150241,38.150242,38.150248,38.150264,38.150293,38.150327,38.150341,38.150353,38.15038,38.150396,38.15041,38.15042,38.150436,38.150444,38.150456,38.150471,38.150526,38.150557,38.150569,38.150597,38.150607,38.150615,38.150621,38.150626,38.150634,38.150643,38.150653,38.150665,38.150677,38.150689,38.150703,38.150712,38.150718,38.150733,38.150739,38.150744,38.150752,38.150758,38.150774,38.150799,38.150827,38.150857,38.150876,38.15089,38.150907,38.150928,38.150953,38.150976,38.150999,38.151043,38.151064,38.151093,38.151124,38.151157,38.151193,38.151228,38.151258,38.151284,38.151309,38.151325,38.151337,38.151349,38.151356,38.151365,38.151375,38.151384,38.151392,38.151397,38.151405,38.15141,38.151414,38.151419,38.151425,38.151432,38.151441,38.151444,38.151464,38.151483,38.151508,38.151529,38.151541,38.15157,38.151582,38.151595,38.151603,38.151608,38.151609,38.151613,38.151631,38.15164,38.151644,38.151649,38.151655,38.151656,38.15166,38.151669,38.151681,38.151689,38.151697,38.15171,38.151718,38.151742,38.151757,38.151771,38.151781,38.151793,38.151824,38.151839,38.151852,38.15187,38.151901,38.151916,38.151951,38.151959,38.151975,38.15199,38.151995,38.151993,38.151988,38.151979,38.151971,38.151958,38.151944,38.151934,38.151923,38.151913,38.151907,38.151901,38.151919,38.151941,38.151979,38.152003,38.152026,38.152067,38.152114,38.152141,38.152152,38.152182,38.152194,38.152199,38.152214,38.152233,38.152244,38.1523,38.152335,38.152376,38.152429,38.15248,38.152492,38.152519,38.152546,38.152562,38.15257,38.152571,38.152567,38.152543,38.15251,38.152468,38.152407,38.152387,38.152275,38.152218,38.152173,38.152139,38.152112,38.152064,38.152042,38.15201,38.151977,38.151944,38.151895,38.151863,38.151835,38.151794,38.151758,38.151719,38.151687,38.151647,38.151602,38.151581,38.15157,38.151563,38.151552,38.151533,38.151512,38.151487,38.151458,38.151386,38.151359,38.151321,38.151292,38.15127,38.151216,38.151146,38.151089,38.15105,38.151006,38.150958,38.150921,38.150905,38.150877,38.150877,38.150885,38.150914,38.150953,38.150969,38.151002,38.151027,38.151046,38.151049,38.151052,38.151044,38.151036,38.15103,38.151025,38.151022,38.151013,38.151028,38.151043,38.151052,38.151055,38.151051,38.151067,38.151107,38.151129,38.151132,38.151133,38.151116,38.15095,38.150915,38.150833,38.150801,38.150791,38.150806,38.15084,38.1509,38.150951,38.151035,38.151119,38.151195,38.151233,38.15129,38.151338,38.151385,38.151408,38.151427,38.151447,38.151457,38.151466,38.15148,38.151537,38.151582,38.151595,38.151601,38.151595,38.151584,38.151562,38.151495,38.151422,38.151379,38.151296,38.151231,38.151204,38.151195,38.151169,38.151126,38.151058,38.150979,38.150912,38.150877,38.15085,38.150787,38.150743,38.150708,38.150671,38.150629,38.15057,38.150529,38.150533,38.150554,38.150546,38.150509,38.150446,38.150376,38.150306,38.150219,38.150125,38.15011,38.150047,38.149937,38.149839,38.149773,38.149707,38.149637,38.149599,38.149538,38.149455,38.149338,38.149265,38.149201,38.149167,38.149131,38.149099,38.149082,38.149004,38.148905,38.148813,38.148672,38.148609,38.148511,38.148389,38.148295,38.148229,38.148165,38.148069,38.147976,38.147874,38.147835,38.147733,38.147696,38.147643,38.147576,38.147507,38.147444,38.147352,38.147294,38.147257,38.147224,38.147192,38.147174,38.147146,38.147123,38.147047,38.146999,38.146928,38.146876,38.146794,38.14676,38.146697,38.146634,38.146627,38.14662,38.146636,38.146675,38.146706,38.146744,38.146798,38.146862,38.146925,38.146966,38.146995,38.14701,38.147019,38.147024,38.147027,38.147034,38.147045,38.147071,38.147126,38.147165,38.147165,38.147141,38.147146,38.147155,38.147151,38.147175,38.147158,38.147142,38.147078,38.147022,38.147,38.146987,38.146973,38.146937,38.14683,38.146623,38.146604,38.146475,38.146339,38.146181,38.146041,38.145905,38.145816,38.145685,38.1456,38.145518,38.145367,38.145052,38.144879,38.144744,38.144614,38.144261,38.144187,38.144141,38.144146,38.144163,38.144219,38.144266,38.14432,38.144339,38.144334,38.144322,38.144306,38.144282,38.144227,38.144174,38.144101,38.144035,38.143985,38.143956,38.14393,38.143916,38.14391,38.143916,38.143918,38.143909,38.143863,38.143759,38.143652,38.143533,38.143426,38.143354,38.143224,38.143113,38.143018,38.14296,38.142858,38.142779,38.142682,38.142591,38.142551,38.142512,38.142466,38.142445,38.142467,38.142503,38.142479,38.142362,38.142273,38.142221,38.14213,38.142038,38.141933,38.141872,38.141769,38.141699,38.141633,38.141577,38.141537,38.141496,38.141468,38.141461,38.141394,38.141337,38.141269,38.141244,38.141235,38.141231,38.141239,38.141263,38.141267,38.141266,38.141264,38.141253,38.141238,38.141198,38.141168,38.141161,38.141178,38.14122,38.141267,38.141286,38.141332,38.141361,38.141395,38.141456,38.141501,38.141584,38.141649,38.141729,38.141829,38.141906,38.142031,38.14214,38.142218,38.142279,38.142358,38.142401,38.14244,38.142469,38.142542,38.142599,38.142666,38.142703,38.142781,38.142868,38.142944,38.14296,38.143043,38.143109,38.143173,38.14322,38.143249,38.143253,38.143232,38.143193,38.143106,38.143043,38.142994,38.142946,38.142904,38.142841,38.142778,38.142729,38.142663,38.142584,38.142527,38.142439,38.142371,38.142298,38.142265,38.142246,38.142253,38.142276,38.142292,38.14234,38.142388,38.142419,38.142411,38.142395,38.142374,38.142341,38.142294,38.142208,38.142127,38.142074,38.142045,38.142029,38.141991,38.14196,38.141889,38.141831,38.141785,38.141751,38.141726,38.14173,38.14174,38.141735,38.141684,38.141623,38.141535,38.141464,38.141399,38.141341,38.141272,38.14116,38.141066,38.140972,38.140904,38.140816,38.140718,38.140636,38.140566,38.140483,38.140417,38.140318,38.140259,38.140198,38.140136,38.140102,38.140076,38.140077,38.140107,38.140147,38.140185,38.140236,38.140252,38.140256,38.140263,38.140298,38.140329,38.140348,38.140341,38.140336,38.140332,38.140294,38.140277,38.14027,38.140274,38.140299,38.14033,38.140394,38.140474,38.140542,38.140593,38.140593,38.140588,38.140622,38.14066,38.140695,38.140709,38.140732,38.14077,38.140804,38.14079,38.140747,38.140732,38.140708,38.140689,38.140708,38.140759,38.140796,38.14081,38.140828,38.140865,38.140875,38.140853,38.140803,38.140771,38.140758,38.140718,38.140709,38.140713,38.140688,38.14063,38.140604,38.140594,38.140577,38.140559,38.140553,38.140562,38.140585,38.140626,38.140637,38.140649,38.140642,38.140594,38.140543,38.14047,38.140425,38.140386,38.140318,38.140272,38.140195,38.140119,38.140044,38.139925,38.139832,38.139744,38.139666,38.139573,38.139486,38.139421,38.139389,38.139379,38.13934,38.139248,38.13917,38.139088,38.139015,38.138942,38.138901,38.138861,38.138798,38.138786,38.138795,38.138855,38.138902,38.138963,38.139015,38.139055,38.139063,38.139082,38.139088,38.139192,38.139251,38.139301,38.139338,38.139328,38.139306,38.139275,38.139216,38.139147,38.139081,38.138977,38.138888,38.138853,38.138765,38.138742,38.138667,38.138627,38.138614,38.138605,38.138471,38.138432,38.138322,38.138184,38.138115,38.138064,38.138011,38.137992,38.137984,38.137985,38.137961,38.137932,38.137939,38.13799,38.138044,38.138075,38.138079,38.138049,38.137977,38.137879,38.137728,38.137593,38.137485,38.137429,38.137348,38.137299,38.137235,38.137121,38.137022,38.136928,38.136909,38.136864,38.13681,38.136772,38.136766,38.136754,38.136699,38.136576,38.136418,38.136345,38.136339,38.136368,38.136408,38.136478,38.136549,38.13661,38.136665,38.136713,38.136738,38.136743,38.136726,38.136685,38.13662,38.136539,38.136442,38.136379,38.136306,38.136246,38.136168,38.136075,38.136057,38.135981,38.135957,38.135883,38.135837,38.135809,38.135791,38.135774,38.135778,38.135775,38.135804,38.135831,38.135847,38.135846,38.135828,38.135803,38.135791,38.135789,38.13578,38.135771,38.135761,38.135751,38.135737,38.135728,38.135723,38.135713,38.135686,38.13563,38.135593,38.135555,38.135569,38.135614,38.135661,38.13572,38.135781,38.135799,38.135858,38.135922,38.135991,38.136005,38.136082,38.136197,38.136305,38.136396,38.136465,38.136563,38.13662,38.136672,38.136707,38.136698,38.136712,38.136744,38.136758,38.136743,38.136727,38.136726,38.136723,38.136744,38.136778,38.136791,38.136782,38.136764,38.136681,38.136639,38.13663,38.136654,38.136713,38.136756,38.1368,38.136866,38.136891,38.136892,38.136864,38.136808,38.136709,38.136662,38.136576,38.136486,38.136386,38.136269,38.136142,38.136038,38.135922,38.135824,38.135734,38.13566,38.135606,38.135537,38.135457,38.135389,38.135267,38.135152,38.135051,38.134987,38.134916,38.134907,38.13487,38.134827,38.134808,38.134848,38.134899,38.134946,38.134982,38.135017,38.135065,38.135109,38.135157,38.135211,38.135243,38.135274,38.1353,38.135327,38.135332,38.135355,38.135375,38.135394,38.135415,38.135428,38.135423,38.135436,38.135464,38.13554,38.135604,38.135706,38.135773,38.135835,38.135879,38.135923,38.135992,38.136057,38.136173,38.136268,38.136316,38.136327,38.136315,38.136274,38.136209,38.136184,38.136165,38.13614,38.136086,38.1361,38.136135,38.136209,38.136291,38.13637,38.136429,38.13648,38.136547,38.136613,38.136674,38.136743,38.136794,38.136799,38.136875,38.136939,38.137035,38.137071,38.137115,38.137128,38.137137,38.137186,38.137212,38.137245,38.137261,38.13728,38.137374,38.137402,38.137494,38.137497,38.137501,38.137559,38.137582,38.137612,38.137685,38.137706,38.13772,38.137779,38.137904,38.138017,38.13819,38.138317,38.138514,38.138592,38.138669,38.138704,38.138735,38.138811,38.138894,38.139001,38.139155,38.139303,38.139404,38.139431,38.139489,38.139588,38.139666,38.139679,38.139674,38.139689,38.139699,38.139683,38.13962,38.139553,38.139446,38.139328,38.139257,38.139134,38.138994,38.13893,38.138913,38.138875,38.138829,38.138792,38.138753,38.138709,38.138667,38.138599,38.138521,38.138418,38.138376,38.138332,38.138294,38.138243,38.138193,38.138097,38.138022,38.137935,38.13787,38.137793,38.137699,38.137632,38.137542,38.137475,38.13735,38.137271,38.137168,38.137099,38.136997,38.136856,38.136781,38.136703,38.136609,38.136571,38.136568,38.136556,38.136535,38.136493,38.136473,38.136515,38.136588,38.136781,38.136847,38.137003,38.137034,38.137081,38.137101,38.137232,38.137328,38.137419,38.137436,38.137519,38.137614,38.137723,38.13781,38.13795,38.138055,38.138164,38.138259,38.138345,38.13844,38.138479,38.138509,38.138541,38.138587,38.138686,38.13882,38.138942,38.139016,38.139074,38.139111,38.139129,38.139136,38.139148,38.13916,38.139201,38.139266,38.139343,38.139397,38.139487,38.139547,38.139635,38.1397,38.139759,38.139814,38.13991,38.139959,38.14001,38.140082,38.14015,38.1402,38.14027,38.140343,38.140438,38.140504,38.140593,38.140696,38.140747,38.140837,38.140903,38.140993,38.141107,38.141196,38.141301,38.141401,38.141512,38.141678,38.141745,38.141865,38.141939,38.14204,38.142105,38.142149,38.142165,38.14217,38.142169,38.142146,38.142096,38.142044,38.141969,38.14189,38.14179,38.141695,38.141637,38.141566,38.141484,38.141373,38.141238,38.141142,38.141094,38.141046,38.141042,38.141047,38.141075,38.141119,38.141206,38.14126,38.141315,38.14137,38.141475,38.141568,38.141639,38.141706,38.141747,38.141783,38.141814,38.14184,38.141865,38.141896,38.141909,38.141913,38.141908,38.14188,38.141854,38.141839,38.14183,38.141811,38.141782,38.141753,38.141718,38.141679,38.141635,38.141581,38.141523,38.141468,38.141406,38.141355,38.14128,38.14119,38.1411,38.14102,38.140954,38.14085,38.14075,38.14065,38.140516,38.140435,38.140321,38.140165,38.140111,38.140078,38.140097,38.140104,38.140109,38.140103,38.140131,38.140161,38.140189,38.140193,38.14017,38.140116,38.140011,38.139902,38.139735,38.139584,38.139488,38.139459,38.139462,38.139479,38.139476,38.139517,38.139576,38.139624,38.139625,38.139565,38.139509,38.139435,38.139351,38.13929,38.139247,38.139231,38.139183,38.139152,38.139149,38.139145,38.139141,38.139134,38.139138,38.139135,38.139174,38.13922,38.139265,38.139323,38.139361,38.13942,38.139519,38.139593,38.139677,38.139749,38.139811,38.139905,38.139956,38.139989,38.139998,38.14004,38.140086,38.140095,38.140123,38.14013,38.140136,38.140108,38.14007,38.140071,38.140099,38.140124,38.140158,38.140224,38.140229,38.140225,38.140204,38.140116,38.140043,38.139986,38.139934,38.139846,38.13978,38.139758,38.139715,38.139673,38.139657,38.139685,38.139722,38.139699,38.139569,38.139458,38.139378,38.139317,38.139276,38.139253,38.139239,38.13926,38.13927,38.139189,38.139097,38.139005,38.138989,38.138886,38.138811,38.138782,38.138778,38.138772,38.138786,38.138836,38.13889,38.138985,38.13905,38.13906,38.139064,38.139087,38.139107,38.139086,38.139112,38.13913,38.139121,38.139106,38.139078,38.13909,38.139161,38.139146,38.139196,38.139249,38.139277,38.139272,38.139265,38.139263,38.139235,38.13919,38.139101,38.139021,38.138936,38.13884,38.138769,38.138682,38.138619,38.138601,38.138533,38.138476,38.138428,38.138394,38.138337,38.138286,38.138273,38.138252,38.138284,38.138316,38.138313,38.138297,38.138305,38.138305,38.138343,38.138396,38.138459,38.138557,38.138585,38.138594,38.13859,38.138571,38.138489,38.138411,38.138329,38.138286,38.138242,38.138157,38.138032,38.137885,38.137757,38.137687,38.137582,38.137523,38.137456,38.137361,38.137299,38.137249,38.13717,38.136997,38.136885,38.13677,38.136635,38.13651,38.136394,38.136339,38.136168,38.135996,38.135953,38.135856,38.135692,38.13553,38.135479,38.135321,38.135124,38.134966,38.13484,38.134687,38.134549,38.134132,38.134037,38.133847,38.133514,38.133104,38.132983,38.132788,38.132616,38.13243,38.132127,38.132049,38.13192,38.131686,38.131515,38.131258,38.131176,38.13115,38.131142,38.131149,38.131103,38.131051,38.130956,38.130867,38.130846,38.130785,38.130759,38.130622,38.130521,38.130289,38.130035,38.129982,38.129894,38.129868,38.129863,38.129855,38.129891,38.129943,38.129956,38.129932,38.12987,38.129776,38.129677,38.129588,38.129498,38.129379,38.129285,38.129154,38.12907,38.128969,38.128914,38.128903,38.128904,38.128916,38.128918,38.12891,38.128885,38.128857,38.128881,38.128895,38.128904,38.128895,38.128855,38.128848,38.128841,38.128837,38.128778,38.128719,38.128601,38.128452,38.128389,38.128333,38.128316,38.128267,38.128233,38.128074,38.127987,38.127882,38.127734,38.127617,38.127455,38.127276,38.127057,38.126847,38.126654,38.126498,38.126255,38.126052,38.125899,38.125788,38.125674,38.125583,38.125527,38.125491,38.125448,38.125383,38.125313,38.125221,38.125162,38.125085,38.125008,38.124956,38.124866,38.124756,38.124706,38.124647,38.124588,38.124541,38.124511,38.124484,38.124485,38.124502,38.12452,38.12451,38.124488,38.124448,38.124443,38.124452,38.124469,38.124502,38.12454,38.124596,38.12464,38.124699,38.124723,38.124753,38.124748,38.124725,38.124719,38.124677,38.12465,38.124634,38.12465,38.124659,38.124683,38.124688,38.12471,38.124711,38.124698,38.124699,38.124713,38.124725,38.124711,38.124692,38.124629,38.124527,38.124451,38.124352,38.124286,38.124208,38.124103,38.123944,38.123706,38.123571,38.123454,38.123296,38.123177,38.12306,38.122971,38.122911,38.122877,38.122865,38.122874,38.122879,38.12291,38.12295,38.122946,38.122907,38.122862,38.122829,38.122794,38.122742,38.122714,38.122662,38.122563,38.122468,38.122372,38.122295,38.122244,38.122191,38.122163,38.122108,38.122026,38.121949,38.1219,38.121843,38.121791,38.121714,38.121622,38.121471,38.121366,38.121267,38.121188,38.121111,38.120961,38.120856,38.12077,38.120725,38.120667,38.12064,38.12062,38.120571,38.120485,38.120387,38.120344,38.120289,38.120241,38.120161,38.120078,38.119988,38.119896,38.119806,38.119723,38.119662,38.119594,38.119542,38.119501,38.119505,38.119533,38.119574,38.119614,38.119668,38.119704,38.119812,38.119915,38.12006,38.120147,38.120293,38.120369,38.120416,38.120424,38.120394,38.120342,38.120287,38.120257,38.12023,38.120237,38.120261,38.120297,38.120333,38.120325,38.120277,38.120105,38.119978,38.119923,38.119867,38.119883,38.119889,38.119948,38.120024,38.120111,38.120241,38.120376,38.120567,38.120694,38.120773,38.120812,38.120835,38.120833,38.120796,38.120763,38.120762,38.120786,38.120903,38.121076,38.121179,38.121253,38.121297,38.121314,38.12131,38.12129,38.121258,38.12119,38.121132,38.121043,38.120919,38.120744,38.120659,38.120605,38.120541,38.120514,38.120496,38.120471,38.120412,38.120402,38.120426,38.120493,38.120545,38.12063,38.120751,38.120873,38.120943,38.121023,38.12112,38.121209,38.121309,38.121416,38.121516,38.121629,38.121753,38.121841,38.121912,38.121968,38.12202,38.122058,38.122123,38.122221,38.122316,38.122365,38.122378,38.122388,38.122354,38.122338,38.12229,38.122179,38.121998,38.121798,38.121607,38.121454,38.121184,38.121006,38.120348,38.120268,38.120187,38.120105,38.120021,38.119936,38.119849,38.119762,38.119672,38.119575,38.119544,38.11948,38.119432,38.11933,38.119236,38.119141,38.119044,38.118946,38.118846,38.118744,38.118673,38.118531,38.118439,38.11818,38.117998,38.117994,38.117991,38.117985,38.118159,38.118356,38.118375,38.118501,38.118469,38.118505,38.118606,38.118708,38.118608,38.11861,38.118511,38.118411,38.118311,38.118145,38.118113,38.118013,38.118015,38.118015,38.118017,38.118017,38.117819,38.117819,38.117721,38.117622,38.117701,38.117725,38.117827,38.117829,38.11803,38.118231,38.118431,38.118731,38.11901,38.11903,38.11943,38.119589,38.119731,38.119933,38.120016,38.120035,38.119837,38.119738,38.119539,38.119351,38.119333,38.119241,38.119142,38.119244,38.119346,38.119347,38.119348,38.119449,38.11955,38.119451,38.119153,38.119054,38.118955,38.118955,38.118956,38.118957,38.118858,38.118759,38.118661,38.118662,38.118663,38.118664,38.118759,38.118765,38.118771,38.118867,38.118868,38.118869,38.11877,38.118572,38.118373,38.118174,38.117974,38.117675,38.117576,38.117477,38.117479,38.11748,38.11748,38.11748,38.117283,38.116886,38.116786,38.116788,38.116689,38.11659,38.116503,38.116492,38.116193,38.116141,38.115994,38.115894,38.115895,38.115896,38.115897,38.115197,38.115097,38.114899,38.114601,38.114323,38.114204,38.114105,38.114006,38.114106,38.114107,38.11411,38.114012,38.113914,38.113915,38.114017,38.114018,38.113919,38.113919,38.114023,38.113926,38.113827,38.113729,38.113731,38.113832,38.113933,38.114134,38.114234,38.114335,38.114436,38.114438,38.114541,38.114642,38.114782,38.114841,38.114853,38.114946,38.11495,38.114963,38.115048,38.114952,38.114953,38.115054,38.114855,38.114755,38.114656,38.114457,38.114458,38.114558,38.114552,38.114544,38.114536,38.114736,38.114736,38.114736,38.114836,38.114936,38.115136,38.115136,38.115136,38.115236,38.115236,38.115436,38.115536,38.115836,38.115936,38.116136,38.116336,38.116536,38.116688,38.116736,38.116936,38.117036,38.117061,38.117136,38.117236,38.117336,38.117436,38.117336,38.117336,38.117436,38.117636,38.117836,38.118036,38.118136,38.118236,38.118336,38.118336,38.118136,38.117936,38.117736,38.117536,38.117536,38.11751,38.117336,38.117242,38.117136,38.117036,38.116936,38.116636,38.116436,38.116236,38.116036,38.115873,38.115836,38.115797,38.115771,38.115538,38.115259,38.115112,38.114985,38.114812,38.114631,38.114498,38.114197,38.114031,38.113911,38.1137,38.113636,38.11354,38.113461,38.112921,38.11267,38.111961,38.111455,38.111153,38.110885,38.11049,38.110171,38.109116,38.108631,38.108069,38.107811,38.107555,38.107403,38.107295,38.107096,38.106968,38.106832,38.106262,38.105661,38.105313,38.104832,38.104595,38.104076,38.103774,38.103689,38.103603,38.103456,38.103327,38.103134,38.102406,38.102051,38.101694,38.101479,38.10133,38.100677,38.100469,38.099767,38.099521,38.098308,38.098108,38.097927,38.09773,38.097586,38.096854,38.096439,38.095911,38.095695,38.095478,38.09523,38.094817,38.094506,38.094337,38.094271,38.094216,38.094173,38.094089,38.094029,38.093978,38.093925,38.093876,38.093778,38.093709,38.093617,38.093506,38.093051,38.092552,38.091955,38.091338,38.090629,38.089972,38.089896,38.089553,38.089211,38.088639,38.088071,38.087364,38.087261,38.086653,38.085928,38.085545,38.085033,38.084791,38.084593,38.084411,38.084077,38.083759,38.083477,38.08313,38.08283,38.082587,38.082399,38.082391,38.08237,38.082363,38.082366,38.082421,38.082459,38.082548,38.082709,38.082815,38.082938,38.083017,38.083111,38.083306,38.083382,38.083518,38.083782,38.083971,38.084027,38.084156,38.084367,38.08466,38.084748,38.08489,38.085308,38.08564,38.08582,38.085907,38.085976,38.086033,38.086076,38.086118,38.086151,38.086157,38.086163,38.086155,38.086136,38.086134,38.086147,38.08616,38.086166,38.086226,38.086335,38.086465,38.086553,38.086675,38.086729,38.086758,38.086792,38.08682,38.086819,38.086822,38.086818,38.086791,38.086739,38.086685,38.086623,38.086586,38.086564,38.08656,38.086566,38.08658,38.086601,38.08664,38.086681,38.086773,38.087035,38.087128,38.08734,38.087416,38.087526,38.087668,38.088071,38.088506,38.088686,38.089014,38.089727,38.089965,38.090384,38.090645,38.090824,38.091043,38.091386,38.091654,38.091753,38.092511,38.092604,38.09278,38.09293,38.093389,38.093548,38.093648,38.093835,38.094023,38.094089,38.094168,38.094247,38.094333,38.094345,38.094403,38.094445,38.094504,38.094661,38.09474,38.09482,38.0949,38.094917,38.094935,38.09494,38.094935,38.094937,38.094949,38.094976,38.095025,38.095131,38.095228,38.095281,38.095469,38.095533,38.09557,38.095677,38.095851,38.095875,38.096021,38.096078,38.096138,38.096164,38.096199,38.096216,38.096235,38.096271,38.096302,38.096402,38.09653,38.096613,38.096717,38.096756,38.096799,38.096845,38.096862,38.096928,38.096935,38.096947,38.096991,38.097015,38.09704,38.097056,38.097075,38.0971,38.097125,38.097165,38.097296,38.097459,38.097499,38.097527,38.097548,38.09761,38.097616,38.097642,38.097666,38.097717,38.097736,38.097742,38.097735,38.097737,38.097736,38.097746,38.097787,38.097845,38.097907,38.098053,38.098358,38.098597,38.099101,38.09945,38.099544,38.099823,38.09993,38.100104,38.100171,38.100223,38.100262,38.100289,38.100315,38.100318,38.100314,38.100304,38.100278,38.100232,38.100166,38.099857,38.099767,38.099725,38.099549,38.099497,38.099429,38.099362,38.099271,38.099096,38.099002,38.0989,38.098769,38.098679,38.098622,38.098502,38.098445,38.098262,38.098056,38.097807,38.097301,38.097224,38.097072,38.096692,38.096315,38.096199,38.096114,38.096018,38.095906,38.095841,38.095698,38.095061,38.095026,38.094962,38.094915,38.09495,38.094963,38.094974,38.094976,38.094946,38.094906,38.094839,38.094682,38.094586,38.094452,38.094288,38.094184,38.09416,38.094113,38.094068,38.094062,38.094074,38.094077,38.094079,38.094059,38.094024,38.094007,38.093995,38.094001,38.09402,38.094059,38.094116,38.094123,38.094123,38.094114,38.094099,38.094064,38.093882,38.093604,38.093546,38.093463,38.093366,38.093173,38.092914,38.092747,38.092588,38.092395,38.092096,38.091647,38.090635,38.090444,38.090211,38.089953,38.089894,38.089755,38.089682,38.089602,38.089515,38.089449,38.089365,38.089216,38.089024,38.08878,38.088748,38.088721,38.088705,38.088703,38.088709,38.088697,38.088678,38.088663,38.088661,38.088689,38.088707,38.088736,38.088766,38.088897,38.088936,38.088984,38.089076,38.0891,38.089109,38.089112,38.089104,38.089071,38.089061,38.089058,38.089047,38.089033,38.089042,38.089063,38.089089,38.089104,38.089203,38.089239,38.089254,38.089262,38.089259,38.089241,38.089123,38.089065,38.089007,38.088911,38.088807,38.088768,38.08871,38.088628,38.088601,38.08859,38.088567,38.088571,38.088579,38.088608,38.088659,38.088678,38.088714,38.088741,38.08873,38.088706,38.088655,38.088577,38.088458,38.088448,38.08843,38.088399,38.08838,38.08833,38.088291,38.088267,38.088246,38.08823,38.088213,38.088188,38.088103,38.088017,38.087808,38.087523,38.087476,38.08745,38.087328,38.087072,38.086803,38.086429,38.086263,38.086201,38.086027,38.085848,38.085765,38.08515,38.08464,38.084347,38.084258,38.084223,38.084055,38.083889,38.083578,38.08329,38.083007,38.082612,38.082311,38.081494,38.081233,38.08102,38.080512,38.079934,38.07969,38.07947,38.079297,38.079086,38.079,38.078786,38.07858,38.078382,38.078338,38.078127,38.077766,38.077395,38.07728,38.077097,38.076969,38.076803,38.07668,38.076596,38.07649,38.076191,38.075837,38.075076,38.074685,38.074295,38.074185,38.074002,38.07382,38.07364,38.07319,38.072899,38.072735,38.072274,38.071962,38.071833,38.071705,38.071581,38.071462,38.070945,38.070808,38.070666,38.07051,38.070431,38.070251,38.070131,38.069967,38.069786,38.069563,38.069148,38.069057,38.068835,38.068582,38.068488,38.068363,38.068237,38.068079,38.067924,38.067772,38.067535,38.066474,38.066129,38.065789,38.065455,38.0648,38.064371,38.064033,38.063812,38.063425,38.062953,38.062666,38.062345,38.062173,38.062006,38.061636,38.060649,38.059854,38.059341,38.059173,38.059036,38.058862,38.05872,38.05802,38.057202,38.056632,38.056379,38.056087,38.05589,38.055696,38.055468,38.05476,38.054554,38.0543,38.054129,38.053911,38.05369,38.053236,38.052219,38.052115,38.052032,38.051952,38.051838,38.051764,38.051243,38.051111,38.050771,38.050691,38.0506,38.050528,38.050469,38.050425,38.050408,38.050228,38.050137,38.050086,38.050066,38.05006,38.050042,38.050025,38.049988,38.049918,38.049888,38.049864,38.049809,38.04977,38.049739,38.04969,38.049704,38.049707,38.049688,38.049672,38.049666,38.04968,38.049708,38.049763,38.04983,38.050294,38.050399,38.050592,38.051122,38.051226,38.051401,38.05172,38.051993,38.052035,38.052055,38.052396,38.052485,38.052557,38.053362,38.053919,38.054519,38.05566,38.055976,38.056423,38.056831,38.057449,38.05767,38.057758,38.059048,38.059224,38.059434,38.059698,38.059768,38.060108,38.060327,38.060536,38.060618,38.061175,38.061446,38.062318,38.062576,38.063159,38.063595,38.063827,38.064065,38.064368,38.064621,38.064668,38.065008,38.065196,38.067812,38.067888,38.067954,38.068514,38.070652,38.071374,38.072011,38.072756,38.072989,38.073636,38.075284,38.075791,38.076371,38.077276,38.077628,38.078273,38.07845,38.078581,38.07894,38.079112,38.07932,38.079574,38.079789,38.079992,38.080252,38.0806,38.080966,38.081108,38.082148,38.083238,38.083486,38.083638,38.083768,38.083983,38.084183,38.08443,38.084636,38.084846,38.085064,38.085382,38.085616,38.085862,38.086082,38.086374,38.086672,38.086842,38.087127,38.087412,38.08772,38.088129,38.088378,38.088688,38.089178,38.090143,38.09047,38.091034,38.091766,38.091988,38.092303,38.092619,38.092933,38.093238,38.093541,38.093839,38.094274,38.094583,38.094829,38.095106,38.09533,38.095493,38.095862,38.096186,38.096997,38.097732,38.097998,38.098318,38.098452,38.098581,38.098705,38.098823,38.09888,38.099015,38.099091,38.099236,38.09942,38.099588,38.099995,38.10049,38.100849,38.101772,38.101834,38.102127,38.102233,38.102552,38.10292,38.103271,38.103353,38.103506,38.103687,38.104825,38.105176,38.105503,38.106005,38.106432,38.10669,38.107341,38.107624,38.107897,38.108161,38.108415,38.10861,38.108837,38.108883,38.109084,38.109268,38.109324,38.109415,38.109794,38.110099,38.110376,38.110829,38.111258,38.111318,38.111461,38.11159,38.111705,38.111796,38.11186,38.11194,38.111996,38.112017,38.112056,38.112072,38.112082,38.112092,38.112088,38.112068,38.112052,38.112032,38.111966,38.111763,38.111314,38.111207,38.111155,38.111035,38.110906,38.110897,38.110894,38.110903,38.110921,38.110974,38.111048,38.111128,38.111258,38.111515,38.111564,38.111669,38.111748,38.111818,38.111882,38.111976,38.112173,38.112447,38.113101,38.113359,38.113428,38.113557,38.11365,38.113743,38.113803,38.113848,38.113885,38.11394,38.113994,38.114038,38.114072,38.114079,38.114091,38.114093,38.114073,38.114047,38.11404,38.114016,38.114005,38.113992,38.113994,38.114004,38.114031,38.11407,38.114123,38.114191,38.114289,38.114384,38.114492,38.114677,38.114878,38.115135,38.115455,38.115798,38.116388,38.116415,38.116501,38.116582,38.116735,38.116957,38.117127,38.117439,38.117602,38.117914,38.117996,38.118127,38.118198,38.118375,38.118648,38.119032,38.119147,38.119264,38.119305,38.119387,38.119452,38.119549,38.119615,38.119777,38.119905,38.120081,38.120431,38.120732,38.121675,38.121904,38.122444,38.122584,38.122739,38.123288,38.124058,38.12493,38.125975,38.127355,38.127717,38.128207,38.128511,38.128604,38.12869,38.128737,38.128858]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.953143,-77.95286,-77.952188,-77.952015,-77.951509,-77.950704,-77.950004,-77.948663,-77.9486,-77.948706,-77.948936,-77.949303,-77.950162,-77.950217,-77.950431,-77.950684,-77.951205,-77.951424,-77.951449,-77.952037,-77.952862,-77.953038,-77.953123,-77.953176,-77.953143],"lat":[37.847665,37.847969,37.848066,37.848432,37.849498,37.850031,37.849599,37.848772,37.848597,37.848558,37.848474,37.848339,37.848023,37.848003,37.847926,37.847835,37.84732,37.847103,37.84708,37.847258,37.847505,37.847561,37.847606,37.84763,37.847665]}],[{"lng":[-77.992684,-77.992472,-77.992028,-77.991929,-77.99028,-77.989148,-77.988695,-77.98861,-77.988011,-77.98799,-77.987938,-77.987936,-77.987642,-77.987636,-77.988467,-77.988638,-77.98887,-77.989452,-77.989686,-77.990063,-77.990497,-77.991145,-77.991242,-77.99128,-77.991075,-77.990817,-77.99008,-77.989623,-77.989112,-77.98796,-77.987304,-77.986972,-77.986734,-77.986429,-77.985763,-77.985235,-77.98455,-77.984427,-77.984217,-77.984077,-77.983929,-77.983819,-77.983432,-77.983301,-77.982496,-77.982439,-77.982278,-77.982119,-77.981945,-77.981719,-77.981572,-77.981439,-77.981334,-77.981217,-77.980998,-77.980765,-77.98068,-77.980572,-77.980447,-77.980179,-77.979925,-77.979735,-77.979557,-77.979462,-77.979231,-77.979078,-77.978445,-77.978234,-77.978027,-77.977805,-77.977073,-77.976931,-77.976784,-77.976634,-77.976097,-77.975913,-77.97573,-77.97529,-77.975185,-77.974959,-77.974664,-77.974569,-77.974403,-77.974079,-77.973941,-77.973771,-77.97366,-77.97352,-77.973434,-77.973262,-77.973034,-77.972743,-77.972628,-77.971667,-77.971625,-77.971293,-77.971149,-77.971049,-77.970957,-77.970608,-77.97054,-77.970469,-77.970419,-77.970166,-77.970073,-77.970036,-77.969888,-77.969806,-77.96955,-77.969429,-77.969322,-77.968992,-77.968849,-77.968518,-77.968445,-77.968263,-77.968206,-77.968125,-77.968097,-77.968075,-77.968047,-77.968032,-77.968044,-77.968067,-77.96813,-77.968168,-77.968165,-77.96815,-77.968107,-77.968045,-77.967988,-77.967908,-77.967832,-77.967765,-77.967627,-77.967538,-77.96681,-77.966598,-77.966526,-77.966368,-77.966023,-77.965848,-77.965539,-77.965414,-77.965331,-77.965179,-77.965092,-77.964951,-77.964696,-77.964582,-77.964479,-77.964271,-77.963812,-77.963478,-77.963425,-77.963332,-77.963095,-77.96304,-77.963012,-77.962951,-77.962889,-77.962843,-77.962821,-77.962724,-77.962448,-77.962024,-77.961763,-77.96158,-77.961419,-77.961231,-77.960945,-77.960622,-77.960421,-77.960305,-77.959863,-77.959301,-77.959179,-77.959053,-77.958902,-77.958737,-77.958579,-77.958398,-77.958207,-77.957994,-77.957797,-77.95768,-77.957266,-77.956627,-77.95641,-77.956302,-77.95619,-77.956071,-77.955972,-77.955837,-77.955701,-77.955037,-77.954876,-77.954812,-77.954256,-77.954085,-77.953851,-77.952982,-77.952331,-77.951973,-77.951563,-77.951096,-77.950884,-77.950523,-77.950355,-77.950106,-77.949468,-77.949025,-77.948753,-77.948519,-77.948242,-77.948026,-77.947602,-77.947081,-77.944907,-77.944618,-77.944195,-77.943639,-77.943071,-77.942592,-77.942157,-77.942129,-77.941921,-77.941526,-77.941425,-77.941358,-77.940996,-77.940594,-77.94046,-77.940319,-77.939761,-77.939248,-77.939077,-77.93885,-77.938352,-77.938203,-77.937842,-77.937655,-77.93723,-77.936659,-77.935447,-77.93509,-77.935004,-77.934907,-77.934838,-77.934778,-77.934681,-77.934522,-77.934346,-77.934302,-77.934196,-77.934113,-77.934066,-77.934002,-77.933895,-77.933681,-77.933622,-77.93358,-77.933524,-77.933493,-77.933506,-77.933538,-77.933612,-77.933695,-77.933749,-77.93377,-77.933754,-77.933742,-77.933706,-77.933611,-77.933549,-77.933391,-77.933241,-77.933222,-77.934924,-77.935242,-77.935682,-77.93592,-77.936082,-77.936132,-77.936016,-77.935564,-77.9349,-77.934953,-77.935356,-77.935935,-77.936539,-77.938126,-77.939168,-77.940068,-77.940696,-77.941847,-77.94252,-77.942972,-77.943397,-77.943816,-77.943962,-77.944238,-77.944276,-77.944237,-77.944417,-77.944933,-77.945938,-77.946226,-77.946491,-77.946509,-77.946442,-77.945714,-77.945549,-77.945519,-77.945863,-77.945969,-77.945963,-77.945821,-77.945832,-77.945935,-77.946119,-77.947245,-77.947361,-77.947407,-77.947324,-77.947383,-77.947094,-77.947114,-77.947193,-77.947413,-77.948106,-77.948467,-77.948586,-77.948757,-77.949464,-77.950128,-77.950681,-77.95074,-77.950722,-77.950365,-77.949786,-77.94938,-77.949421,-77.949659,-77.949755,-77.949692,-77.949488,-77.949157,-77.948756,-77.948366,-77.947958,-77.947767,-77.947637,-77.947376,-77.947122,-77.946199,-77.945942,-77.945641,-77.945503,-77.945328,-77.945103,-77.944628,-77.943258,-77.942486,-77.941562,-77.941338,-77.940836,-77.940581,-77.940264,-77.940101,-77.939877,-77.939712,-77.939644,-77.939668,-77.939439,-77.939241,-77.938796,-77.938588,-77.937774,-77.934808,-77.934348,-77.933484,-77.932941,-77.932631,-77.932193,-77.931842,-77.931026,-77.930805,-77.930717,-77.930618,-77.930899,-77.930705,-77.930432,-77.930276,-77.929554,-77.929508,-77.929543,-77.929743,-77.929888,-77.930433,-77.930586,-77.930698,-77.93061,-77.930014,-77.929962,-77.930026,-77.930314,-77.930952,-77.932467,-77.932802,-77.933089,-77.933414,-77.933602,-77.933852,-77.934527,-77.935076,-77.935751,-77.93678,-77.937437,-77.938509,-77.939071,-77.939248,-77.939391,-77.93947,-77.939506,-77.939263,-77.938649,-77.937979,-77.937565,-77.937174,-77.935864,-77.935494,-77.935296,-77.935228,-77.93539,-77.936527,-77.937922,-77.939821,-77.940355,-77.941798,-77.943038,-77.944184,-77.945217,-77.945531,-77.946502,-77.948053,-77.948501,-77.948659,-77.949559,-77.949752,-77.949971,-77.950443,-77.950911,-77.951455,-77.951674,-77.951888,-77.952196,-77.952539,-77.953272,-77.953546,-77.95557,-77.955996,-77.956544,-77.957422,-77.959275,-77.960165,-77.961974,-77.961959,-77.961913,-77.96178,-77.96174,-77.961725,-77.961726,-77.961735,-77.961755,-77.96182,-77.961842,-77.961867,-77.961931,-77.961938,-77.961949,-77.961954,-77.961902,-77.961862,-77.961808,-77.961738,-77.96165,-77.961611,-77.96155,-77.961414,-77.961297,-77.961072,-77.95973,-77.958135,-77.957592,-77.956839,-77.956565,-77.95645,-77.956202,-77.95611,-77.95606,-77.955851,-77.955367,-77.954753,-77.954405,-77.953606,-77.953277,-77.953104,-77.952977,-77.952811,-77.952789,-77.952678,-77.95254,-77.952297,-77.952187,-77.952087,-77.951907,-77.951754,-77.951686,-77.950751,-77.950447,-77.949874,-77.948856,-77.948786,-77.948563,-77.948405,-77.948198,-77.947781,-77.947341,-77.947245,-77.94707,-77.946804,-77.946674,-77.946532,-77.946411,-77.946145,-77.945277,-77.944722,-77.943959,-77.942861,-77.94253,-77.941184,-77.940825,-77.940718,-77.939948,-77.93974,-77.939496,-77.939261,-77.938983,-77.938679,-77.938495,-77.938199,-77.937948,-77.937686,-77.937264,-77.936831,-77.936743,-77.936469,-77.935768,-77.935433,-77.935022,-77.934283,-77.933828,-77.933719,-77.93353,-77.933409,-77.933334,-77.93322,-77.933061,-77.932705,-77.931932,-77.931504,-77.93145,-77.931058,-77.930817,-77.930312,-77.930256,-77.930047,-77.929776,-77.929684,-77.929531,-77.929438,-77.929349,-77.929305,-77.929268,-77.929253,-77.929209,-77.929192,-77.929196,-77.929188,-77.929183,-77.929188,-77.929189,-77.929198,-77.9292,-77.929192,-77.929191,-77.929192,-77.929176,-77.929143,-77.929097,-77.929012,-77.928885,-77.928738,-77.928586,-77.928468,-77.928334,-77.928145,-77.927993,-77.927889,-77.927526,-77.927178,-77.926721,-77.926244,-77.92584,-77.925641,-77.925476,-77.925193,-77.924591,-77.92395,-77.923447,-77.923108,-77.922983,-77.922856,-77.922663,-77.922627,-77.922524,-77.922438,-77.922174,-77.921469,-77.92039,-77.917907,-77.916818,-77.916034,-77.91563,-77.914974,-77.914332,-77.913542,-77.912227,-77.910943,-77.909609,-77.908994,-77.908823,-77.908659,-77.908505,-77.908361,-77.907898,-77.90768,-77.907517,-77.907309,-77.906674,-77.906371,-77.905917,-77.905094,-77.904927,-77.904452,-77.902991,-77.902465,-77.901875,-77.901655,-77.901524,-77.901498,-77.901451,-77.901346,-77.901305,-77.901067,-77.900942,-77.900892,-77.900842,-77.900767,-77.900665,-77.900277,-77.900276,-77.900321,-77.900305,-77.900262,-77.900213,-77.900147,-77.900082,-77.899967,-77.899597,-77.899514,-77.899101,-77.898535,-77.898057,-77.897591,-77.897526,-77.897437,-77.897385,-77.897361,-77.897356,-77.897372,-77.897396,-77.89756,-77.89787,-77.89774,-77.897708,-77.897574,-77.897467,-77.897386,-77.897269,-77.897185,-77.89675,-77.896469,-77.896276,-77.894705,-77.894532,-77.894419,-77.894256,-77.89417,-77.894046,-77.893574,-77.893414,-77.892953,-77.892494,-77.89222,-77.891873,-77.891666,-77.891465,-77.891272,-77.890879,-77.890264,-77.890204,-77.889919,-77.889772,-77.88939,-77.889303,-77.889245,-77.889196,-77.889157,-77.889137,-77.889077,-77.88902,-77.888961,-77.888717,-77.888301,-77.887993,-77.887167,-77.886715,-77.886163,-77.884896,-77.883711,-77.883004,-77.882766,-77.882166,-77.88176,-77.881158,-77.880431,-77.879929,-77.879678,-77.879147,-77.879061,-77.878655,-77.878425,-77.877804,-77.877457,-77.877246,-77.876542,-77.876192,-77.875977,-77.875882,-77.875758,-77.875673,-77.875579,-77.875514,-77.875467,-77.87543,-77.8754,-77.875332,-77.875326,-77.875319,-77.875326,-77.875334,-77.875389,-77.875542,-77.875549,-77.875531,-77.875515,-77.87549,-77.875167,-77.874944,-77.87463,-77.874291,-77.873995,-77.873766,-77.87354,-77.87311,-77.872497,-77.872013,-77.871858,-77.871723,-77.871497,-77.871382,-77.871267,-77.871083,-77.870807,-77.869437,-77.869269,-77.869245,-77.869213,-77.869198,-77.869149,-77.869088,-77.869026,-77.868997,-77.868934,-77.868914,-77.868881,-77.868816,-77.868652,-77.868578,-77.868487,-77.867876,-77.867398,-77.867336,-77.866983,-77.866815,-77.86644,-77.866292,-77.866113,-77.865929,-77.865761,-77.865652,-77.865531,-77.86533,-77.865214,-77.864938,-77.864437,-77.863757,-77.86334,-77.862909,-77.862715,-77.862272,-77.861843,-77.861618,-77.860855,-77.859944,-77.859778,-77.85924,-77.858774,-77.857904,-77.857546,-77.856594,-77.856455,-77.856145,-77.855822,-77.855172,-77.854766,-77.854591,-77.854406,-77.85433,-77.854213,-77.853851,-77.853485,-77.853188,-77.852794,-77.852638,-77.852289,-77.851894,-77.851237,-77.850833,-77.850266,-77.850072,-77.849916,-77.849625,-77.848914,-77.848557,-77.848306,-77.84806,-77.847818,-77.847342,-77.847161,-77.846094,-77.84593,-77.845652,-77.845384,-77.845206,-77.844918,-77.844483,-77.844273,-77.844006,-77.843773,-77.843497,-77.843445,-77.843306,-77.843153,-77.843072,-77.842897,-77.842706,-77.842432,-77.842181,-77.842009,-77.841771,-77.841065,-77.84083,-77.840638,-77.840202,-77.840019,-77.839609,-77.839404,-77.839218,-77.838976,-77.838314,-77.838034,-77.837614,-77.837563,-77.837382,-77.837074,-77.836843,-77.836669,-77.836616,-77.836575,-77.83654,-77.836506,-77.836354,-77.836297,-77.836287,-77.836276,-77.836249,-77.83623,-77.836172,-77.83611,-77.836041,-77.835956,-77.835907,-77.835747,-77.835615,-77.835436,-77.834731,-77.834643,-77.834476,-77.834319,-77.834151,-77.83393,-77.83349,-77.833317,-77.832979,-77.832527,-77.832329,-77.832288,-77.832189,-77.832075,-77.831946,-77.83189,-77.831741,-77.831581,-77.831489,-77.831349,-77.831142,-77.830929,-77.830755,-77.83031,-77.828559,-77.827505,-77.826933,-77.826714,-77.826495,-77.826203,-77.825967,-77.825774,-77.825586,-77.825193,-77.824974,-77.824695,-77.824412,-77.82424,-77.824009,-77.823967,-77.823841,-77.823673,-77.823465,-77.823262,-77.822742,-77.82252,-77.822306,-77.822039,-77.821757,-77.821561,-77.821133,-77.821003,-77.820935,-77.820353,-77.819861,-77.819534,-77.819051,-77.818121,-77.817669,-77.817227,-77.817017,-77.816822,-77.817231,-77.81737,-77.817612,-77.817849,-77.818353,-77.818851,-77.818931,-77.81901,-77.819265,-77.819508,-77.819797,-77.820056,-77.820253,-77.820446,-77.820574,-77.820899,-77.821142,-77.821345,-77.821576,-77.821783,-77.821869,-77.822009,-77.822109,-77.82216,-77.822358,-77.823039,-77.823251,-77.823453,-77.824298,-77.82451,-77.824964,-77.825051,-77.826354,-77.826515,-77.826772,-77.826973,-77.827016,-77.827246,-77.827439,-77.827505,-77.82784,-77.828063,-77.828269,-77.828459,-77.828494,-77.828978,-77.829142,-77.830139,-77.830333,-77.83064,-77.830752,-77.830879,-77.830991,-77.831111,-77.831236,-77.831439,-77.831724,-77.831803,-77.831936,-77.83215,-77.83292,-77.833048,-77.833358,-77.833658,-77.834061,-77.83543,-77.83571,-77.835775,-77.835992,-77.83647,-77.837056,-77.837133,-77.837359,-77.837515,-77.837834,-77.838486,-77.838581,-77.838816,-77.838992,-77.839057,-77.839442,-77.839561,-77.839668,-77.840551,-77.840732,-77.840892,-77.841425,-77.84169,-77.842065,-77.842393,-77.842688,-77.84359,-77.844315,-77.845776,-77.84666,-77.847094,-77.848367,-77.849225,-77.849469,-77.850088,-77.850197,-77.850482,-77.85086,-77.851123,-77.852288,-77.852481,-77.85263,-77.852967,-77.853146,-77.853518,-77.854336,-77.854463,-77.854522,-77.854613,-77.854702,-77.854825,-77.85441,-77.854019,-77.853529,-77.853288,-77.853043,-77.852796,-77.852547,-77.851861,-77.851536,-77.851207,-77.849467,-77.84893,-77.848603,-77.848353,-77.84747,-77.847066,-77.846703,-77.846437,-77.846136,-77.845826,-77.845513,-77.845387,-77.844953,-77.844373,-77.843998,-77.843636,-77.843358,-77.843081,-77.842746,-77.842376,-77.841946,-77.841607,-77.841286,-77.841016,-77.84079,-77.840535,-77.840101,-77.840026,-77.839624,-77.839198,-77.83852,-77.838141,-77.83781,-77.837561,-77.837023,-77.83542,-77.835155,-77.834526,-77.834328,-77.834208,-77.834005,-77.833794,-77.833668,-77.83296,-77.832407,-77.832079,-77.831833,-77.831537,-77.831343,-77.831107,-77.829839,-77.829545,-77.829134,-77.828515,-77.828099,-77.827743,-77.82717,-77.826712,-77.826184,-77.825532,-77.825206,-77.824401,-77.824059,-77.82391,-77.821585,-77.821094,-77.819473,-77.816657,-77.815489,-77.814948,-77.814572,-77.814255,-77.814074,-77.813941,-77.813756,-77.813279,-77.812893,-77.812716,-77.812417,-77.812616,-77.812682,-77.812716,-77.812716,-77.812616,-77.812416,-77.812349,-77.812282,-77.812015,-77.811438,-77.811315,-77.811121,-77.810915,-77.810615,-77.809315,-77.808607,-77.808515,-77.807615,-77.806515,-77.806015,-77.805515,-77.804815,-77.803815,-77.802715,-77.801315,-77.800115,-77.799515,-77.798815,-77.798709,-77.79825,-77.79819,-77.797615,-77.797057,-77.796715,-77.796415,-77.795415,-77.79436,-77.794038,-77.793715,-77.791614,-77.790714,-77.790014,-77.789314,-77.789248,-77.788414,-77.787914,-77.787414,-77.786614,-77.786614,-77.786614,-77.786314,-77.785814,-77.785814,-77.785614,-77.785114,-77.784714,-77.784514,-77.784614,-77.784514,-77.784173,-77.783914,-77.782914,-77.782614,-77.782514,-77.782614,-77.783114,-77.783403,-77.784114,-77.784614,-77.784914,-77.784614,-77.784514,-77.784214,-77.783014,-77.782614,-77.781714,-77.781114,-77.780214,-77.779214,-77.778514,-77.777814,-77.776914,-77.775814,-77.774214,-77.773414,-77.771958,-77.771914,-77.771685,-77.771014,-77.770914,-77.771114,-77.771403,-77.771414,-77.771714,-77.771714,-77.771414,-77.770714,-77.769814,-77.769014,-77.768514,-77.768114,-77.767814,-77.767314,-77.766514,-77.766491,-77.766114,-77.765114,-77.764114,-77.764024,-77.763914,-77.763814,-77.763514,-77.76344,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763298,-77.762914,-77.762514,-77.759714,-77.759614,-77.759314,-77.759114,-77.759014,-77.758814,-77.758513,-77.758213,-77.757613,-77.757013,-77.756513,-77.756113,-77.755913,-77.755713,-77.755413,-77.754913,-77.754113,-77.753613,-77.752813,-77.752313,-77.751613,-77.751513,-77.751413,-77.751331,-77.751113,-77.750713,-77.750613,-77.750513,-77.750413,-77.750213,-77.750113,-77.749813,-77.749713,-77.749513,-77.749313,-77.748613,-77.747813,-77.747313,-77.746613,-77.746413,-77.746213,-77.745513,-77.745213,-77.745213,-77.745913,-77.746613,-77.747213,-77.747413,-77.747613,-77.747713,-77.747813,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747513,-77.747513,-77.747813,-77.748113,-77.748413,-77.748413,-77.748413,-77.748213,-77.748013,-77.747413,-77.746713,-77.745713,-77.745213,-77.745072,-77.744513,-77.743813,-77.742913,-77.742213,-77.741613,-77.741313,-77.741113,-77.740913,-77.740913,-77.741313,-77.741814,-77.741913,-77.742313,-77.742713,-77.742913,-77.742913,-77.742913,-77.742973,-77.743113,-77.743327,-77.743413,-77.744013,-77.744813,-77.745513,-77.746613,-77.747913,-77.748313,-77.748613,-77.748713,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748713,-77.748613,-77.748513,-77.748313,-77.748013,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747813,-77.748113,-77.748413,-77.748513,-77.748513,-77.748513,-77.748313,-77.747813,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.74767,-77.750248,-77.750368,-77.750443,-77.751311,-77.753189,-77.75464,-77.754756,-77.756604,-77.757546,-77.760821,-77.761111,-77.762193,-77.766661,-77.770145,-77.770829,-77.772657,-77.772709,-77.775333,-77.779461,-77.779249,-77.777514,-77.776611,-77.776469,-77.776321,-77.77619,-77.77604,-77.775905,-77.775857,-77.777161,-77.777617,-77.777772,-77.778502,-77.77904,-77.779852,-77.780174,-77.780306,-77.780427,-77.781058,-77.781121,-77.781465,-77.781982,-77.782284,-77.782649,-77.783068,-77.783403,-77.783794,-77.784022,-77.784418,-77.784472,-77.784509,-77.784691,-77.785233,-77.78574,-77.785892,-77.786012,-77.786154,-77.786398,-77.786579,-77.786681,-77.786952,-77.787508,-77.78764,-77.787795,-77.788126,-77.7883,-77.78842,-77.788541,-77.788667,-77.78879,-77.788911,-77.7892,-77.790052,-77.790378,-77.790706,-77.791123,-77.791689,-77.792179,-77.792676,-77.792847,-77.793049,-77.793229,-77.793328,-77.793463,-77.793589,-77.793681,-77.793766,-77.793983,-77.794172,-77.794436,-77.794832,-77.795317,-77.795795,-77.795921,-77.7965,-77.797172,-77.797319,-77.797476,-77.797829,-77.798525,-77.798781,-77.79891,-77.799008,-77.799086,-77.799172,-77.799228,-77.799319,-77.799453,-77.799659,-77.799854,-77.800035,-77.800098,-77.800255,-77.800504,-77.800722,-77.800907,-77.801051,-77.801194,-77.801271,-77.801319,-77.801515,-77.801688,-77.801828,-77.801954,-77.802096,-77.802508,-77.8029,-77.803173,-77.803648,-77.803953,-77.804146,-77.804294,-77.80445,-77.804558,-77.804679,-77.80473,-77.805014,-77.805363,-77.805997,-77.806125,-77.806733,-77.806857,-77.807355,-77.807878,-77.808288,-77.808527,-77.809051,-77.809248,-77.809491,-77.809644,-77.809783,-77.809908,-77.810112,-77.81056,-77.810665,-77.810733,-77.810899,-77.811011,-77.81117,-77.811353,-77.811467,-77.81165,-77.81174,-77.811838,-77.812574,-77.812869,-77.81297,-77.813199,-77.81343,-77.813671,-77.814021,-77.81445,-77.8149,-77.81493,-77.815224,-77.81544,-77.815662,-77.815947,-77.816228,-77.816637,-77.81732,-77.817841,-77.818268,-77.818992,-77.819198,-77.819359,-77.819751,-77.820069,-77.820234,-77.820391,-77.820498,-77.820619,-77.820809,-77.821016,-77.821157,-77.82131,-77.821475,-77.821691,-77.82188,-77.822036,-77.822301,-77.82278,-77.823022,-77.823424,-77.823891,-77.824445,-77.825004,-77.825786,-77.826292,-77.826578,-77.826717,-77.827145,-77.827395,-77.827698,-77.827823,-77.827968,-77.828491,-77.828563,-77.828692,-77.828856,-77.829078,-77.829303,-77.82946,-77.82962,-77.829657,-77.82992,-77.830094,-77.830253,-77.830113,-77.829989,-77.8299,-77.829797,-77.82966,-77.82962,-77.829462,-77.829314,-77.829087,-77.82895,-77.828777,-77.828705,-77.828608,-77.828216,-77.828181,-77.827886,-77.827788,-77.827726,-77.827656,-77.827537,-77.827367,-77.827146,-77.826934,-77.826848,-77.826809,-77.826755,-77.826744,-77.826705,-77.826685,-77.826684,-77.826703,-77.826714,-77.826808,-77.826814,-77.826802,-77.826735,-77.826689,-77.826376,-77.82611,-77.826064,-77.825979,-77.825908,-77.825736,-77.825662,-77.825487,-77.824658,-77.824482,-77.824379,-77.824116,-77.823987,-77.823682,-77.822932,-77.822789,-77.82273,-77.82269,-77.822669,-77.822668,-77.822667,-77.822671,-77.822672,-77.822658,-77.822631,-77.822587,-77.822542,-77.822504,-77.822147,-77.821512,-77.8211,-77.820907,-77.820786,-77.82056,-77.820307,-77.820094,-77.819655,-77.819482,-77.819268,-77.81908,-77.818789,-77.817607,-77.817267,-77.817118,-77.816586,-77.816243,-77.815863,-77.815488,-77.815313,-77.814999,-77.814538,-77.814286,-77.813809,-77.813446,-77.813132,-77.812976,-77.812788,-77.812605,-77.811523,-77.810748,-77.809943,-77.809639,-77.80921,-77.809015,-77.808833,-77.808693,-77.808528,-77.808379,-77.808187,-77.808087,-77.807835,-77.8077,-77.807623,-77.807575,-77.807514,-77.807478,-77.807418,-77.807341,-77.807311,-77.807151,-77.806943,-77.806625,-77.806445,-77.806043,-77.805544,-77.8051,-77.80486,-77.804807,-77.804619,-77.804481,-77.804405,-77.804305,-77.804234,-77.804163,-77.803952,-77.803591,-77.803476,-77.803108,-77.802905,-77.802206,-77.802036,-77.801795,-77.801654,-77.801536,-77.80141,-77.801287,-77.801251,-77.800896,-77.800673,-77.800233,-77.800043,-77.799888,-77.799721,-77.799303,-77.797702,-77.796993,-77.7967,-77.796266,-77.795789,-77.795559,-77.795116,-77.794853,-77.794727,-77.794524,-77.794183,-77.793958,-77.79391,-77.793752,-77.793627,-77.793478,-77.793429,-77.793372,-77.793276,-77.793241,-77.793206,-77.793186,-77.793188,-77.793188,-77.793179,-77.793142,-77.793083,-77.792602,-77.792476,-77.792167,-77.7921,-77.792026,-77.791961,-77.79176,-77.791673,-77.791449,-77.791301,-77.791217,-77.791123,-77.791018,-77.790894,-77.790543,-77.790367,-77.790161,-77.789997,-77.789842,-77.789719,-77.789588,-77.789489,-77.789443,-77.78936,-77.789107,-77.788893,-77.788462,-77.788027,-77.786634,-77.786787,-77.786846,-77.787022,-77.78709,-77.787203,-77.787307,-77.787479,-77.787565,-77.788492,-77.788555,-77.788719,-77.788853,-77.788949,-77.789153,-77.789202,-77.789313,-77.789375,-77.78943,-77.789485,-77.78969,-77.789991,-77.79039,-77.790457,-77.790714,-77.790757,-77.790993,-77.791293,-77.791421,-77.791624,-77.791953,-77.792137,-77.792335,-77.792628,-77.792693,-77.792899,-77.792952,-77.793043,-77.793064,-77.793177,-77.793403,-77.793584,-77.793752,-77.794005,-77.794088,-77.794533,-77.79469,-77.795279,-77.79537,-77.795441,-77.795981,-77.796039,-77.796118,-77.796378,-77.796506,-77.796949,-77.797161,-77.797289,-77.797548,-77.797671,-77.797815,-77.797913,-77.798062,-77.798152,-77.798284,-77.798388,-77.798629,-77.798669,-77.798966,-77.799238,-77.799363,-77.799491,-77.799729,-77.799829,-77.800107,-77.800208,-77.800324,-77.800385,-77.80058,-77.800711,-77.801009,-77.801203,-77.801466,-77.801605,-77.801796,-77.802005,-77.802435,-77.802643,-77.802721,-77.802783,-77.802951,-77.803133,-77.803314,-77.803728,-77.80418,-77.804414,-77.80494,-77.805045,-77.805359,-77.805627,-77.805822,-77.805918,-77.806032,-77.806129,-77.806233,-77.806334,-77.806438,-77.806509,-77.806566,-77.806641,-77.806699,-77.806757,-77.806794,-77.806881,-77.80693,-77.807063,-77.807162,-77.807236,-77.807454,-77.80753,-77.807708,-77.808292,-77.808761,-77.808909,-77.809251,-77.809675,-77.809793,-77.810096,-77.810349,-77.810688,-77.810951,-77.811225,-77.811332,-77.811392,-77.811618,-77.811856,-77.812016,-77.812139,-77.812384,-77.812709,-77.812799,-77.813228,-77.813712,-77.814302,-77.814726,-77.815399,-77.815578,-77.815654,-77.81574,-77.815976,-77.816128,-77.81622,-77.816593,-77.816692,-77.816784,-77.816894,-77.817028,-77.817097,-77.817228,-77.81736,-77.817588,-77.817767,-77.818346,-77.818681,-77.819114,-77.819445,-77.819651,-77.819811,-77.820003,-77.82015,-77.820358,-77.820523,-77.820658,-77.820762,-77.820803,-77.820907,-77.821346,-77.821433,-77.821808,-77.821867,-77.821959,-77.82234,-77.822406,-77.822675,-77.822854,-77.823287,-77.823361,-77.823517,-77.823581,-77.823747,-77.823875,-77.82399,-77.824088,-77.82416,-77.82431,-77.824507,-77.824715,-77.825666,-77.825907,-77.826137,-77.826359,-77.826785,-77.827201,-77.827744,-77.828025,-77.82823,-77.828424,-77.82861,-77.828713,-77.828784,-77.828936,-77.829036,-77.829177,-77.829314,-77.829329,-77.829379,-77.829457,-77.829775,-77.830015,-77.830094,-77.830166,-77.830198,-77.830208,-77.830251,-77.830269,-77.83029,-77.830311,-77.830316,-77.830305,-77.830238,-77.830189,-77.830141,-77.830077,-77.830013,-77.829945,-77.829925,-77.829876,-77.829828,-77.829797,-77.82976,-77.829672,-77.82963,-77.829589,-77.829516,-77.829369,-77.829338,-77.82929,-77.829233,-77.829056,-77.829032,-77.828982,-77.82891,-77.828754,-77.828667,-77.828653,-77.828638,-77.828627,-77.828623,-77.828652,-77.828735,-77.828774,-77.828794,-77.828823,-77.828833,-77.828819,-77.828808,-77.828802,-77.828786,-77.828779,-77.828754,-77.82872,-77.828697,-77.828697,-77.828685,-77.82865,-77.828824,-77.829056,-77.829318,-77.829598,-77.829932,-77.830143,-77.830246,-77.830426,-77.830587,-77.830833,-77.831007,-77.831545,-77.831605,-77.831867,-77.832112,-77.832276,-77.832553,-77.832573,-77.832848,-77.833231,-77.833365,-77.833596,-77.833836,-77.834033,-77.834353,-77.834565,-77.834905,-77.835163,-77.835485,-77.835654,-77.835755,-77.836343,-77.8368,-77.837107,-77.83736,-77.837501,-77.838575,-77.838744,-77.839031,-77.839214,-77.83988,-77.840673,-77.841608,-77.841871,-77.842357,-77.842975,-77.843265,-77.843577,-77.843792,-77.844085,-77.844397,-77.844606,-77.845173,-77.845449,-77.845613,-77.845721,-77.846604,-77.847035,-77.847506,-77.847723,-77.847922,-77.848204,-77.848974,-77.849066,-77.849121,-77.84927,-77.84932,-77.849739,-77.85007,-77.850207,-77.850632,-77.851033,-77.851176,-77.851288,-77.85167,-77.851718,-77.851966,-77.852767,-77.852841,-77.852943,-77.853028,-77.853095,-77.853289,-77.853337,-77.853688,-77.853745,-77.853788,-77.853824,-77.853821,-77.853821,-77.853796,-77.853755,-77.853562,-77.853518,-77.853492,-77.853484,-77.853495,-77.853525,-77.853573,-77.853704,-77.853782,-77.853856,-77.853919,-77.854113,-77.854233,-77.854362,-77.854507,-77.8551,-77.855461,-77.855814,-77.856005,-77.856146,-77.856211,-77.856757,-77.85683,-77.856903,-77.856973,-77.857047,-77.857138,-77.857263,-77.857382,-77.857498,-77.857528,-77.857628,-77.858364,-77.858434,-77.859655,-77.859843,-77.860019,-77.860095,-77.861201,-77.86133,-77.861587,-77.862332,-77.863027,-77.863154,-77.863379,-77.86371,-77.863957,-77.864135,-77.864299,-77.864363,-77.864442,-77.864697,-77.864743,-77.864846,-77.864989,-77.865512,-77.86571,-77.865862,-77.865919,-77.866004,-77.866119,-77.866218,-77.866302,-77.866412,-77.866665,-77.867299,-77.867834,-77.868777,-77.869611,-77.869701,-77.869922,-77.87014,-77.870297,-77.8711,-77.87122,-77.871088,-77.870859,-77.870797,-77.870478,-77.870429,-77.870395,-77.870263,-77.870096,-77.869992,-77.869131,-77.868953,-77.86868,-77.8685,-77.868167,-77.867945,-77.867536,-77.866558,-77.866315,-77.865872,-77.865054,-77.864874,-77.864784,-77.86452,-77.864008,-77.863744,-77.863928,-77.864091,-77.865107,-77.865796,-77.865978,-77.866134,-77.866278,-77.866465,-77.866629,-77.866835,-77.867258,-77.867476,-77.867751,-77.867971,-77.869214,-77.86952,-77.870026,-77.870407,-77.870683,-77.870958,-77.870989,-77.871443,-77.871942,-77.872342,-77.873641,-77.873974,-77.874504,-77.876782,-77.877095,-77.87718,-77.877247,-77.877522,-77.877943,-77.878124,-77.878306,-77.878535,-77.87893,-77.879362,-77.879974,-77.880135,-77.880337,-77.880536,-77.880717,-77.880893,-77.88107,-77.881237,-77.881389,-77.88143,-77.881859,-77.882493,-77.883443,-77.883572,-77.883711,-77.883982,-77.884186,-77.884478,-77.884608,-77.884763,-77.88491,-77.885045,-77.885169,-77.885404,-77.885834,-77.886091,-77.886258,-77.886551,-77.886677,-77.886976,-77.88714,-77.887319,-77.887395,-77.888154,-77.888507,-77.889514,-77.889737,-77.890241,-77.890322,-77.89039,-77.890704,-77.891278,-77.892384,-77.892521,-77.892613,-77.892703,-77.892827,-77.892903,-77.893187,-77.893294,-77.893518,-77.893654,-77.893682,-77.893798,-77.893917,-77.893963,-77.894026,-77.894072,-77.89419,-77.894517,-77.894674,-77.894843,-77.89492,-77.895037,-77.895091,-77.895162,-77.895264,-77.895322,-77.896293,-77.896974,-77.897723,-77.897992,-77.898273,-77.898797,-77.899408,-77.89956,-77.899692,-77.899868,-77.900222,-77.900631,-77.901424,-77.901778,-77.902023,-77.902212,-77.903497,-77.905215,-77.906612,-77.907058,-77.907793,-77.908059,-77.908311,-77.908811,-77.90963,-77.90997,-77.910093,-77.9102,-77.910273,-77.910349,-77.910381,-77.910503,-77.910615,-77.910697,-77.911084,-77.911828,-77.912046,-77.912276,-77.912517,-77.912717,-77.912933,-77.913213,-77.913545,-77.913683,-77.913807,-77.913917,-77.914011,-77.914049,-77.914131,-77.91421,-77.914257,-77.914313,-77.914367,-77.914405,-77.914454,-77.91471,-77.914748,-77.914855,-77.914978,-77.915094,-77.915225,-77.915339,-77.915487,-77.915584,-77.91588,-77.91644,-77.917216,-77.917285,-77.917811,-77.918025,-77.918693,-77.918731,-77.918799,-77.918857,-77.918939,-77.919004,-77.919051,-77.919193,-77.919224,-77.919229,-77.919234,-77.919223,-77.919197,-77.919102,-77.919099,-77.919041,-77.918957,-77.918865,-77.918801,-77.918762,-77.918742,-77.918739,-77.91887,-77.919024,-77.919275,-77.919533,-77.919761,-77.920004,-77.920958,-77.921077,-77.921513,-77.921643,-77.921776,-77.922142,-77.922471,-77.922718,-77.922757,-77.923389,-77.923516,-77.923661,-77.924108,-77.924372,-77.924801,-77.925071,-77.925258,-77.925289,-77.925432,-77.925489,-77.925508,-77.925603,-77.926278,-77.927562,-77.928355,-77.928709,-77.93002,-77.930141,-77.931447,-77.931526,-77.931381,-77.931288,-77.932303,-77.935129,-77.934591,-77.937295,-77.937673,-77.937874,-77.938667,-77.93876,-77.939778,-77.940133,-77.940205,-77.940284,-77.94068,-77.940842,-77.940962,-77.941102,-77.941289,-77.941814,-77.941881,-77.94188,-77.94188,-77.941871,-77.94187,-77.94187,-77.94187,-77.941969,-77.942083,-77.942212,-77.94284,-77.943,-77.943016,-77.943061,-77.943133,-77.943761,-77.943817,-77.944204,-77.944819,-77.94609,-77.946234,-77.946182,-77.946259,-77.946262,-77.946285,-77.946291,-77.946658,-77.946663,-77.946671,-77.946689,-77.946712,-77.946742,-77.946771,-77.946811,-77.946863,-77.947154,-77.947346,-77.947892,-77.94987,-77.95011,-77.950398,-77.95077,-77.950855,-77.951754,-77.952182,-77.952352,-77.952636,-77.953134,-77.953546,-77.953836,-77.953992,-77.954087,-77.954232,-77.954279,-77.954387,-77.954634,-77.954688,-77.954713,-77.954741,-77.95477,-77.954788,-77.954819,-77.954844,-77.954876,-77.954909,-77.954941,-77.954981,-77.955008,-77.955028,-77.955055,-77.955067,-77.955131,-77.955165,-77.955192,-77.955219,-77.955251,-77.955276,-77.955287,-77.955306,-77.955319,-77.955354,-77.955366,-77.955378,-77.955398,-77.955412,-77.955438,-77.955454,-77.955473,-77.955492,-77.955519,-77.955553,-77.955578,-77.955618,-77.955839,-77.955856,-77.955875,-77.955956,-77.955967,-77.956049,-77.956088,-77.956102,-77.956122,-77.956135,-77.956156,-77.956182,-77.956197,-77.956219,-77.956232,-77.956253,-77.956266,-77.956292,-77.956305,-77.956317,-77.956327,-77.956332,-77.956339,-77.956356,-77.956378,-77.956405,-77.956437,-77.95645,-77.956464,-77.956484,-77.956498,-77.956508,-77.956526,-77.956548,-77.956574,-77.956601,-77.956629,-77.956642,-77.956674,-77.956686,-77.956705,-77.956718,-77.956737,-77.956797,-77.956822,-77.956862,-77.956882,-77.95691,-77.956924,-77.956944,-77.956986,-77.957007,-77.957033,-77.957051,-77.957066,-77.957079,-77.957098,-77.957117,-77.957139,-77.957193,-77.957258,-77.957269,-77.957278,-77.957287,-77.957929,-77.95802,-77.958051,-77.958094,-77.958329,-77.959112,-77.959215,-77.959324,-77.960467,-77.961094,-77.961787,-77.963401,-77.964068,-77.964098,-77.964498,-77.9663,-77.966364,-77.967828,-77.967891,-77.968531,-77.969379,-77.969693,-77.970705,-77.9713,-77.97145,-77.972051,-77.972071,-77.972064,-77.978736,-77.979388,-77.980844,-77.981107,-77.981337,-77.982245,-77.983627,-77.983959,-77.986302,-77.987825,-77.990213,-77.990556,-77.990819,-77.991901,-77.992247,-77.992333,-77.992846,-77.992684],"lat":[37.859363,37.859407,37.859502,37.859498,37.85945,37.859403,37.859717,37.86001,37.862078,37.862152,37.862331,37.862344,37.86453,37.864579,37.865023,37.865115,37.865239,37.86555,37.865675,37.865877,37.866235,37.866798,37.866882,37.866914,37.866995,37.867091,37.867296,37.867409,37.867546,37.867876,37.868072,37.868163,37.868225,37.868288,37.868405,37.868489,37.868614,37.868634,37.868657,37.868667,37.868691,37.86872,37.868843,37.868885,37.86918,37.869202,37.869275,37.869363,37.869473,37.869641,37.86977,37.869908,37.870039,37.870209,37.870499,37.870812,37.870898,37.870982,37.871053,37.871175,37.871272,37.871332,37.871372,37.871387,37.871413,37.871423,37.871483,37.871518,37.871568,37.871643,37.871934,37.871977,37.872006,37.872021,37.872044,37.872042,37.872025,37.871965,37.871945,37.87189,37.871794,37.871756,37.871677,37.871507,37.871456,37.871415,37.8714,37.871395,37.8714,37.871417,37.871452,37.871511,37.871537,37.871728,37.871736,37.871827,37.871888,37.871941,37.872003,37.872268,37.87234,37.872434,37.872533,37.873164,37.873354,37.873417,37.873634,37.873744,37.874063,37.874188,37.874281,37.87454,37.874641,37.874892,37.874963,37.875183,37.875275,37.875444,37.875526,37.875644,37.875985,37.876359,37.876712,37.876927,37.877325,37.877644,37.877775,37.877879,37.878054,37.878236,37.878361,37.878488,37.878584,37.878655,37.878769,37.878833,37.879234,37.879369,37.879419,37.879537,37.879815,37.879976,37.880284,37.880432,37.880546,37.880758,37.880897,37.881119,37.881475,37.881601,37.881695,37.881861,37.882207,37.882466,37.882508,37.882599,37.882906,37.883016,37.883113,37.883479,37.883894,37.884172,37.884249,37.884535,37.885482,37.885181,37.885013,37.884914,37.884841,37.884769,37.88467,37.884551,37.88447,37.884415,37.884218,37.883978,37.883938,37.883907,37.883891,37.883887,37.883895,37.883923,37.883975,37.88405,37.884143,37.884208,37.884458,37.8849,37.885033,37.885091,37.885136,37.885168,37.885182,37.885189,37.885182,37.885068,37.885054,37.885053,37.885021,37.885017,37.885017,37.885041,37.885086,37.885131,37.885199,37.885276,37.885307,37.885373,37.885402,37.885435,37.8855,37.885526,37.885533,37.885524,37.885494,37.885455,37.885362,37.885231,37.884728,37.884655,37.884547,37.884398,37.884255,37.884144,37.884049,37.88404,37.884281,37.884696,37.884778,37.884823,37.885045,37.885252,37.885299,37.885333,37.885409,37.885455,37.885477,37.885513,37.885603,37.885638,37.885756,37.885826,37.885994,37.886198,37.886569,37.886698,37.886739,37.886802,37.88686,37.886924,37.887066,37.887377,37.887758,37.887892,37.888344,37.888808,37.888968,37.889125,37.889319,37.889655,37.889781,37.88991,37.890241,37.890493,37.891004,37.891419,37.891821,37.892394,37.892829,37.893221,37.893515,37.893632,37.893866,37.894309,37.894539,37.895205,37.895602,37.895652,37.896131,37.896153,37.896071,37.895909,37.895658,37.895271,37.894855,37.89408,37.89332,37.893151,37.892865,37.892587,37.892425,37.892475,37.892444,37.892497,37.892415,37.892135,37.892058,37.892101,37.892223,37.892432,37.892568,37.893128,37.893374,37.894152,37.894474,37.894757,37.894977,37.895083,37.895274,37.895514,37.895606,37.896089,37.896376,37.896761,37.897173,37.897443,37.89769,37.898132,37.898414,37.898683,37.898926,37.899698,37.899846,37.900054,37.900185,37.900348,37.901563,37.901844,37.901928,37.901962,37.901803,37.901785,37.901831,37.902039,37.903686,37.904842,37.905686,37.905965,37.906176,37.906962,37.908104,37.908772,37.909087,37.909349,37.909547,37.909785,37.910019,37.910262,37.910431,37.910517,37.910517,37.910425,37.909687,37.909317,37.909168,37.908876,37.908629,37.908195,37.908103,37.908074,37.908095,37.908369,37.909691,37.910242,37.910529,37.910507,37.910267,37.910194,37.91021,37.910272,37.910448,37.910697,37.910938,37.91132,37.911421,37.911343,37.91091,37.910773,37.910468,37.909782,37.909729,37.909767,37.909742,37.90968,37.909492,37.909535,37.909904,37.910079,37.910239,37.910936,37.91293,37.913909,37.914433,37.914459,37.915134,37.915233,37.915298,37.91538,37.915514,37.91577,37.915902,37.916095,37.916327,37.916817,37.916952,37.917122,37.917346,37.917526,37.91775,37.91786,37.918035,37.918414,37.919284,37.9197,37.920302,37.920542,37.920585,37.920437,37.920222,37.919623,37.919488,37.919496,37.91958,37.919708,37.919954,37.920595,37.921426,37.922139,37.92247,37.922713,37.92312,37.923326,37.923521,37.923724,37.923844,37.924072,37.924509,37.924681,37.924765,37.925207,37.925841,37.926546,37.927291,37.927435,37.927633,37.927608,37.927666,37.927736,37.928435,37.928528,37.928495,37.928235,37.927954,37.927481,37.927354,37.927295,37.927342,37.927511,37.928113,37.928329,37.929862,37.930176,37.930494,37.930782,37.93128,37.931565,37.932039,37.932081,37.932214,37.932633,37.932846,37.932975,37.933247,37.93332,37.933489,37.933726,37.933798,37.933877,37.934195,37.934251,37.934419,37.934754,37.935063,37.935214,37.935338,37.935456,37.935567,37.935609,37.935658,37.935744,37.9358,37.93589,37.936324,37.936871,37.937062,37.93734,37.937459,37.937513,37.937655,37.937714,37.937747,37.937906,37.938302,37.938817,37.939118,37.939785,37.940073,37.940246,37.940391,37.940618,37.940655,37.940845,37.941123,37.941569,37.941733,37.941859,37.942031,37.942162,37.942215,37.942922,37.943165,37.943605,37.944375,37.944437,37.944633,37.944787,37.94504,37.945569,37.946102,37.946213,37.946418,37.946667,37.946765,37.946851,37.946912,37.94702,37.947382,37.947608,37.947929,37.948391,37.948521,37.948992,37.949128,37.949168,37.94946,37.949543,37.949666,37.949801,37.949987,37.950204,37.950329,37.950523,37.950662,37.950788,37.950971,37.95114,37.951175,37.951283,37.951549,37.951669,37.951823,37.952088,37.952283,37.952342,37.952455,37.952535,37.952597,37.952704,37.952871,37.953299,37.95426,37.954805,37.954877,37.955353,37.955663,37.956294,37.956368,37.95662,37.956979,37.957117,37.957394,37.957616,37.957888,37.95807,37.958298,37.958459,37.958966,37.959514,37.959954,37.961061,37.96148,37.962291,37.962477,37.963118,37.963213,37.963562,37.964786,37.965,37.965224,37.965447,37.965645,37.965917,37.966252,37.966599,37.966883,37.967047,37.967202,37.967378,37.967503,37.967584,37.967898,37.968182,37.96855,37.968952,37.969305,37.9695,37.969662,37.96996,37.970584,37.971267,37.971775,37.972118,37.97223,37.972345,37.972481,37.972502,37.972548,37.972575,37.972639,37.972778,37.972946,37.973323,37.973501,37.973628,37.973694,37.973798,37.973908,37.974044,37.974297,37.974571,37.974867,37.975009,37.975062,37.975129,37.975207,37.975297,37.97562,37.975799,37.975933,37.976104,37.976665,37.976937,37.977353,37.9781,37.978253,37.978687,37.980042,37.980522,37.981077,37.981304,37.98147,37.98151,37.981591,37.981801,37.981911,37.98247,37.982733,37.982798,37.982845,37.982893,37.982935,37.983008,37.983039,37.983578,37.983824,37.984133,37.98436,37.984584,37.984761,37.985023,37.985888,37.986092,37.987051,37.988403,37.989538,37.990621,37.990763,37.991017,37.991206,37.991383,37.991561,37.991727,37.991857,37.992446,37.993417,37.993418,37.993416,37.993408,37.993385,37.993357,37.993287,37.993222,37.992819,37.992569,37.992411,37.991285,37.991167,37.991109,37.99105,37.991029,37.991013,37.990998,37.990996,37.991022,37.991061,37.991092,37.991149,37.991197,37.991259,37.991335,37.991539,37.991893,37.991928,37.992066,37.992128,37.992271,37.992316,37.992354,37.992394,37.992452,37.992492,37.992564,37.992616,37.992656,37.992767,37.992938,37.993085,37.993572,37.993856,37.994197,37.99499,37.995731,37.996166,37.996317,37.996701,37.996963,37.997338,37.997794,37.998108,37.998262,37.998601,37.998655,37.998908,37.999053,37.999446,37.999667,37.999793,38.000216,38.000435,38.00058,38.000659,38.000783,38.00089,38.001037,38.001182,38.001332,38.001519,38.001814,38.002693,38.002816,38.00296,38.003168,38.003277,38.00375,38.004652,38.004829,38.005044,38.005145,38.005254,38.005172,38.005128,38.005079,38.005041,38.005021,38.004998,38.004961,38.004864,38.004716,38.004618,38.004579,38.004553,38.004521,38.004512,38.004503,38.0045,38.004512,38.004677,38.004681,38.00529,38.006568,38.006907,38.007283,38.007594,38.007848,38.00798,38.008316,38.008451,38.008613,38.008931,38.00964,38.009886,38.010128,38.01152,38.012594,38.012746,38.013596,38.013971,38.014709,38.014983,38.015272,38.015596,38.01587,38.01603,38.016178,38.016389,38.016487,38.016713,38.017111,38.017646,38.017975,38.018312,38.018462,38.018817,38.019144,38.019324,38.019937,38.020666,38.020796,38.021225,38.021604,38.022285,38.022548,38.023254,38.023346,38.023552,38.023741,38.024109,38.024367,38.024461,38.024541,38.02457,38.024609,38.024698,38.024773,38.024823,38.024839,38.024841,38.024847,38.024844,38.024823,38.024794,38.024777,38.02478,38.024786,38.024809,38.024896,38.024925,38.024957,38.025004,38.025064,38.025207,38.025262,38.02563,38.025694,38.025815,38.025949,38.026056,38.026244,38.026548,38.026714,38.026951,38.027178,38.027488,38.027552,38.027707,38.027853,38.02792,38.028042,38.028149,38.028282,38.028415,38.028517,38.028681,38.029239,38.029401,38.029522,38.029759,38.029866,38.030139,38.030297,38.030454,38.030677,38.03137,38.031668,38.032125,38.032189,38.032417,38.032873,38.033241,38.033555,38.033679,38.033807,38.033969,38.034332,38.035557,38.036205,38.036316,38.036613,38.037041,38.037191,38.03749,38.03771,38.037888,38.038061,38.038145,38.038406,38.038597,38.038829,38.03967,38.039786,38.040022,38.040262,38.040544,38.04095,38.041851,38.042249,38.042971,38.043802,38.044151,38.044218,38.044356,38.044486,38.044608,38.044651,38.044752,38.044841,38.044883,38.044936,38.044999,38.045049,38.045079,38.045129,38.045251,38.045337,38.045387,38.045398,38.0454,38.045395,38.045371,38.045335,38.045286,38.045154,38.045091,38.045025,38.044973,38.044949,38.044924,38.044925,38.044929,38.044943,38.044973,38.045017,38.045169,38.045252,38.045348,38.045516,38.045669,38.045761,38.045942,38.045997,38.046026,38.04625,38.046424,38.046521,38.046683,38.047033,38.047215,38.047409,38.047518,38.047636,38.048051,38.048181,38.048389,38.048572,38.048974,38.049352,38.049407,38.049461,38.049651,38.049851,38.050116,38.050383,38.050609,38.050819,38.050966,38.051371,38.051709,38.052024,38.052418,38.05275,38.052873,38.053052,38.053169,38.053226,38.053423,38.054129,38.054324,38.054487,38.055064,38.055198,38.055472,38.055524,38.056253,38.056364,38.056558,38.056726,38.056763,38.056978,38.057193,38.057266,38.057678,38.057961,38.058252,38.058549,38.05861,38.059365,38.059638,38.061193,38.061508,38.061987,38.062138,38.062282,38.062391,38.062493,38.062585,38.06271,38.062853,38.062893,38.062959,38.063069,38.063464,38.063537,38.063728,38.06393,38.064231,38.065292,38.065528,38.065586,38.065794,38.066307,38.067031,38.067129,38.067434,38.067666,38.068147,38.069244,38.06941,38.06982,38.070123,38.070227,38.070845,38.071014,38.071145,38.072069,38.072242,38.072399,38.072941,38.07319,38.073501,38.073749,38.073955,38.074576,38.075089,38.076096,38.076711,38.076997,38.077809,38.078334,38.078491,38.078874,38.078961,38.07917,38.07948,38.079719,38.08077,38.080962,38.081083,38.081313,38.081427,38.081637,38.082092,38.082162,38.0822,38.082251,38.08228,38.082308,38.082404,38.082502,38.082632,38.082681,38.082715,38.082735,38.082741,38.082746,38.082778,38.082825,38.083103,38.0832,38.083271,38.083339,38.083629,38.08377,38.083887,38.083959,38.084025,38.084076,38.084112,38.084122,38.084149,38.084179,38.084187,38.084185,38.084171,38.084143,38.084095,38.084029,38.083935,38.083848,38.083753,38.083682,38.083628,38.083582,38.083532,38.083524,38.083484,38.083433,38.083336,38.083267,38.083191,38.083127,38.082986,38.082541,38.082463,38.082309,38.082279,38.082268,38.082261,38.08227,38.082283,38.082417,38.082536,38.082616,38.082678,38.082767,38.082832,38.082923,38.083486,38.083608,38.083766,38.083978,38.084105,38.084202,38.084338,38.084432,38.084527,38.084617,38.084655,38.084714,38.084725,38.084731,38.084778,38.084795,38.084831,38.084886,38.084919,38.084934,38.084958,38.084992,38.085021,38.085043,38.085079,38.085186,38.085296,38.085137,38.084339,38.083639,38.083109,38.082838,38.081939,38.081238,38.080938,38.080838,38.080738,38.080338,38.079925,38.079837,38.079692,38.079537,38.079437,38.079237,38.079148,38.079137,38.078937,38.078537,38.078437,38.078437,38.078537,38.078537,38.078337,38.078237,38.078237,38.078537,38.078737,38.078737,38.078737,38.078737,38.078687,38.078594,38.078537,38.078537,38.078737,38.078613,38.078575,38.078537,38.077437,38.076937,38.076137,38.075937,38.075944,38.076037,38.076137,38.076337,38.076337,38.076237,38.076037,38.075437,38.074837,38.074537,38.073837,38.073237,38.072437,38.071837,38.071537,38.070937,38.070653,38.070437,38.069437,38.068537,38.067537,38.067137,38.066337,38.066222,38.065937,38.065637,38.065137,38.064237,38.063337,38.063137,38.063237,38.063237,38.062637,38.061537,38.060337,38.059437,38.058737,38.058437,38.058437,38.058237,38.057837,38.057837,38.057449,38.057437,38.057259,38.056737,38.056337,38.055737,38.055255,38.055237,38.054737,38.054237,38.053737,38.053137,38.052537,38.052037,38.051737,38.051737,38.051937,38.052637,38.053037,38.053054,38.053337,38.053437,38.053137,38.053137,38.053137,38.053037,38.052837,38.052763,38.052637,38.052337,38.051737,38.051237,38.051221,38.050837,38.050537,38.049537,38.049437,38.049337,38.049137,38.049137,38.049037,38.048937,38.048937,38.048837,38.048637,38.048437,38.048237,38.048337,38.048637,38.048837,38.049437,38.049937,38.050337,38.050637,38.050937,38.051337,38.051737,38.051937,38.051992,38.052137,38.052337,38.052437,38.052437,38.052437,38.052537,38.052537,38.052537,38.052687,38.052837,38.052837,38.052837,38.052537,38.052237,38.051837,38.051637,38.051437,38.051337,38.051137,38.050837,38.050037,38.049537,38.049137,38.048937,38.048637,38.048337,38.047937,38.047637,38.047037,38.045837,38.045537,38.044937,38.044437,38.043437,38.043378,38.043137,38.042137,38.042037,38.041637,38.041437,38.040937,38.040837,38.040837,38.040837,38.040937,38.040737,38.040237,38.039637,38.039037,38.038537,38.038237,38.037737,38.037237,38.03707,38.037037,38.037137,38.037437,38.037937,38.038537,38.038837,38.038957,38.039237,38.039237,38.039237,38.039037,38.038737,38.038437,38.038237,38.037637,38.037337,38.037137,38.036937,38.036737,38.035338,38.035238,38.035138,38.034938,38.034738,38.034538,38.034238,38.033838,38.033338,38.032938,38.031738,38.031038,38.030138,38.029538,38.029338,38.028738,38.028438,38.027238,38.026738,38.026338,38.025738,38.025338,38.024538,38.024338,38.024295,38.021805,38.02169,38.021618,38.020778,38.020255,38.020515,38.020536,38.021811,38.022462,38.025322,38.025575,38.02652,38.030352,38.031551,38.031787,38.032213,38.032217,38.032435,38.031606,38.03142,38.029891,38.029094,38.028974,38.028834,38.028696,38.028515,38.028327,38.028249,38.027539,38.027299,38.027218,38.026833,38.02657,38.026142,38.025988,38.025929,38.025881,38.025591,38.025559,38.025405,38.025167,38.02502,38.024842,38.024643,38.024476,38.024263,38.024132,38.023905,38.023874,38.023853,38.023748,38.023449,38.023185,38.023099,38.023031,38.02295,38.022823,38.022728,38.022674,38.022513,38.022216,38.022141,38.022064,38.021903,38.021835,38.0218,38.021779,38.021773,38.02178,38.021801,38.021859,38.02202,38.022068,38.022101,38.022125,38.022142,38.022145,38.022138,38.022123,38.02209,38.022045,38.022013,38.021954,38.021883,38.021819,38.021748,38.021544,38.021348,38.021062,38.020645,38.020105,38.019609,38.019477,38.018848,38.018138,38.017965,38.017749,38.017142,38.015878,38.015434,38.015275,38.015175,38.015104,38.015035,38.014994,38.014942,38.014873,38.014749,38.014613,38.014466,38.014407,38.014224,38.013767,38.013382,38.013095,38.012891,38.012664,38.012508,38.01238,38.011926,38.011568,38.011314,38.011142,38.010977,38.010552,38.010176,38.009922,38.009506,38.009303,38.009141,38.008979,38.008827,38.008744,38.008673,38.008648,38.00853,38.008411,38.008255,38.008229,38.008106,38.008082,38.008,38.007902,38.007791,38.007708,38.007477,38.007366,38.007207,38.007089,38.006961,38.006824,38.006565,38.005926,38.005765,38.005658,38.005426,38.005256,38.005029,38.004798,38.004654,38.004434,38.004339,38.004238,38.003529,38.003275,38.003181,38.00298,38.002792,38.002611,38.002366,38.002077,38.001805,38.00179,38.00164,38.001543,38.001454,38.001355,38.001266,38.001149,38.000961,38.000836,38.000727,38.000525,38.000469,38.000431,38.000322,38.000246,38.000189,38.000118,38.000058,37.999979,37.999808,37.999598,37.999477,37.999367,37.999267,37.999166,37.999096,37.999049,37.998997,37.998921,37.99888,37.99879,37.998668,37.998547,37.998469,37.998376,37.998262,37.998192,37.998146,37.99799,37.997869,37.997707,37.99762,37.997521,37.997196,37.997156,37.9971,37.997049,37.996994,37.996948,37.996928,37.996918,37.996916,37.996919,37.996933,37.99696,37.996879,37.996789,37.996709,37.996577,37.99637,37.996299,37.996073,37.995844,37.995468,37.995185,37.994782,37.994661,37.994517,37.993967,37.993904,37.993362,37.993197,37.993111,37.993002,37.992848,37.992646,37.992402,37.992141,37.992009,37.991941,37.991782,37.991738,37.991579,37.991408,37.991301,37.991153,37.991003,37.990186,37.990088,37.989991,37.989751,37.989645,37.98896,37.988332,37.988209,37.98806,37.987962,37.98779,37.987732,37.987616,37.987127,37.987024,37.986953,37.986769,37.986664,37.986426,37.985747,37.985598,37.985511,37.985418,37.985336,37.985284,37.98526,37.985208,37.985197,37.985133,37.985083,37.985035,37.985003,37.984984,37.984843,37.984608,37.98446,37.984369,37.984304,37.984163,37.984014,37.983894,37.98362,37.983509,37.983382,37.983265,37.9831,37.982469,37.982297,37.98223,37.982006,37.981873,37.98174,37.981623,37.981574,37.981496,37.981401,37.981339,37.981235,37.981142,37.981046,37.980994,37.980919,37.980837,37.980308,37.979918,37.979515,37.979356,37.979139,37.979028,37.978911,37.978805,37.978644,37.978475,37.978224,37.978072,37.977646,37.977394,37.977228,37.97707,37.976795,37.976549,37.976315,37.975981,37.975905,37.975599,37.975289,37.974763,37.97449,37.973854,37.973136,37.97252,37.972157,37.972082,37.971765,37.971482,37.971342,37.971183,37.971083,37.970992,37.970763,37.970436,37.970339,37.969991,37.969788,37.969127,37.968974,37.968777,37.968683,37.968611,37.968542,37.968467,37.968445,37.96824,37.968126,37.967951,37.96789,37.967853,37.96782,37.967758,37.967567,37.967444,37.967398,37.967307,37.967176,37.967099,37.966937,37.96682,37.966753,37.966633,37.966399,37.96623,37.96619,37.96606,37.965949,37.96579,37.96573,37.965648,37.965434,37.965329,37.965168,37.964919,37.964698,37.964635,37.964541,37.964294,37.964062,37.962864,37.962569,37.961757,37.961567,37.961393,37.961268,37.960966,37.960853,37.960578,37.960388,37.960296,37.960173,37.960048,37.959886,37.959434,37.959233,37.958958,37.958773,37.958617,37.958537,37.958467,37.958435,37.958426,37.958409,37.958386,37.958379,37.958389,37.958415,37.958478,37.958309,37.958252,37.958101,37.958033,37.957943,37.957847,37.957705,37.95764,37.95685,37.956764,37.956577,37.956404,37.956314,37.956059,37.955982,37.955831,37.955763,37.955693,37.955637,37.955391,37.955061,37.954587,37.95452,37.954215,37.954158,37.953882,37.953552,37.953398,37.953141,37.952699,37.952439,37.952135,37.951718,37.951614,37.951308,37.951218,37.951079,37.951032,37.950845,37.950487,37.950243,37.950055,37.949793,37.949716,37.949263,37.949118,37.948522,37.948438,37.948366,37.94789,37.947827,37.947728,37.947424,37.9473,37.946836,37.946634,37.946522,37.94628,37.946181,37.946054,37.945961,37.945834,37.94575,37.945645,37.945556,37.945372,37.945342,37.945151,37.944997,37.944935,37.944878,37.94478,37.944732,37.944613,37.944557,37.9445,37.944477,37.944376,37.944298,37.944111,37.943961,37.943747,37.943625,37.943474,37.943293,37.942921,37.942732,37.942663,37.942598,37.942462,37.942344,37.942216,37.941979,37.941797,37.941722,37.941594,37.94158,37.941525,37.941466,37.941401,37.941363,37.941305,37.941248,37.941171,37.94109,37.940984,37.940896,37.940813,37.940691,37.940582,37.940453,37.940382,37.940181,37.940099,37.939916,37.9398,37.939724,37.939553,37.939486,37.939354,37.938938,37.93861,37.938496,37.938264,37.937944,37.937841,37.937589,37.937395,37.937094,37.936839,37.936587,37.936491,37.936425,37.936226,37.935999,37.935841,37.935717,37.935458,37.935154,37.935062,37.934674,37.934226,37.933696,37.933306,37.932724,37.932582,37.932515,37.932454,37.932261,37.932142,37.93206,37.931774,37.931679,37.931599,37.931502,37.931404,37.931354,37.93127,37.931204,37.931102,37.931051,37.930918,37.930848,37.930767,37.930693,37.930643,37.930588,37.930508,37.930435,37.93031,37.930182,37.930055,37.929938,37.929888,37.92974,37.928957,37.928783,37.928093,37.927964,37.927785,37.927074,37.926931,37.926376,37.926008,37.925119,37.924987,37.924677,37.924563,37.924293,37.924096,37.92397,37.923885,37.923834,37.923738,37.923627,37.923529,37.923065,37.922939,37.922801,37.922643,37.922296,37.921958,37.921499,37.921262,37.921101,37.920934,37.920762,37.920653,37.920562,37.920316,37.920109,37.919815,37.919489,37.919449,37.91936,37.919199,37.918455,37.917917,37.917763,37.917601,37.917515,37.917498,37.917365,37.917325,37.917259,37.917145,37.917011,37.916864,37.916607,37.91642,37.916238,37.915917,37.915555,37.915236,37.914922,37.914424,37.914173,37.913914,37.913698,37.913406,37.913176,37.913048,37.912755,37.91215,37.912068,37.911916,37.911662,37.910963,37.910824,37.910524,37.910181,37.909662,37.909248,37.90917,37.909089,37.908964,37.90883,37.908548,37.908243,37.908124,37.908036,37.907771,37.907439,37.907047,37.906936,37.906615,37.906336,37.906228,37.905759,37.905101,37.904679,37.904566,37.904285,37.903964,37.903921,37.903857,37.903776,37.903681,37.903555,37.903483,37.903443,37.90338,37.903318,37.90323,37.903152,37.902897,37.902858,37.902654,37.902451,37.902326,37.902149,37.90214,37.902013,37.901852,37.901783,37.90168,37.90159,37.901528,37.901388,37.901307,37.901168,37.901053,37.900891,37.900816,37.900766,37.900498,37.90026,37.900123,37.900001,37.899941,37.899418,37.899328,37.89919,37.899111,37.898853,37.898537,37.898133,37.89801,37.897792,37.897455,37.897288,37.897122,37.896996,37.896838,37.896668,37.896552,37.896235,37.896089,37.896008,37.895958,37.895516,37.895294,37.89503,37.894916,37.894798,37.89462,37.89408,37.894008,37.893964,37.893828,37.893782,37.893326,37.892939,37.892787,37.892315,37.891866,37.891703,37.891572,37.891126,37.891076,37.890779,37.889822,37.889731,37.889573,37.88941,37.889241,37.888561,37.888391,37.887135,37.886847,37.88654,37.885814,37.885653,37.885642,37.885384,37.885172,37.884441,37.884206,37.88397,37.883635,37.88339,37.883147,37.882905,37.882368,37.882123,37.881931,37.881788,37.881269,37.880962,37.880685,37.880412,37.879262,37.878625,37.878067,37.877724,37.877446,37.877305,37.876299,37.87614,37.875936,37.875693,37.875499,37.87531,37.8751,37.874944,37.874825,37.874799,37.874715,37.874139,37.874083,37.873179,37.873024,37.872865,37.872791,37.87176,37.871639,37.871397,37.870698,37.870046,37.86992,37.869688,37.869318,37.869016,37.86877,37.868513,37.868398,37.868257,37.867721,37.867607,37.867318,37.867005,37.865824,37.86539,37.865059,37.864963,37.864849,37.864729,37.864647,37.86459,37.86453,37.864426,37.864191,37.864015,37.863704,37.863442,37.863409,37.863316,37.863209,37.863119,37.862603,37.862523,37.862379,37.862044,37.861973,37.861665,37.861583,37.861484,37.860776,37.860255,37.859969,37.857768,37.857271,37.856506,37.856045,37.855276,37.854919,37.854255,37.852762,37.85234,37.851698,37.850644,37.85043,37.850337,37.850112,37.849722,37.849525,37.849324,37.849133,37.848082,37.847384,37.847222,37.847101,37.847013,37.846924,37.846863,37.846807,37.84673,37.846696,37.846658,37.846632,37.846442,37.846384,37.846277,37.846185,37.846126,37.846079,37.846075,37.846019,37.845971,37.845944,37.845879,37.845859,37.845811,37.845546,37.845518,37.845506,37.845496,37.845453,37.845378,37.845355,37.845341,37.845336,37.84535,37.845355,37.845331,37.845329,37.845314,37.845286,37.845243,37.845186,37.845112,37.845025,37.844927,37.844898,37.844561,37.844017,37.843283,37.843204,37.843138,37.843035,37.842971,37.842895,37.842853,37.84279,37.842714,37.842627,37.842529,37.84231,37.841873,37.841564,37.84136,37.840967,37.840801,37.840425,37.840257,37.840098,37.840037,37.839495,37.839224,37.838404,37.838201,37.837686,37.837603,37.837533,37.837212,37.836645,37.83565,37.835509,37.835397,37.835282,37.835098,37.834961,37.834373,37.834108,37.833447,37.833066,37.832988,37.832611,37.832159,37.831962,37.831769,37.831655,37.83139,37.830745,37.830394,37.829954,37.829685,37.829235,37.829111,37.828993,37.828863,37.828802,37.82945,37.82991,37.830423,37.830654,37.830894,37.831378,37.831935,37.832065,37.832162,37.832273,37.832472,37.832702,37.833134,37.83333,37.833465,37.833569,37.834319,37.835334,37.83617,37.836513,37.837068,37.837289,37.83752,37.838039,37.838915,37.839314,37.839485,37.839663,37.83981,37.839991,37.840096,37.84005,37.839992,37.839938,37.839636,37.839025,37.83886,37.838705,37.838561,37.838455,37.838327,37.838151,37.837924,37.83781,37.837687,37.837556,37.837417,37.837338,37.837131,37.836868,37.836646,37.836286,37.836063,37.835941,37.835802,37.835134,37.835052,37.83485,37.834655,37.834508,37.834319,37.834124,37.833907,37.833765,37.833333,37.832641,37.831776,37.831697,37.831077,37.830844,37.830192,37.83015,37.830067,37.829986,37.829848,37.829705,37.829557,37.828818,37.828558,37.828457,37.828334,37.828043,37.827837,37.827208,37.827194,37.826952,37.826683,37.826448,37.826312,37.826214,37.826112,37.825997,37.826077,37.826171,37.826325,37.826484,37.826624,37.826773,37.827359,37.827433,37.8277,37.82778,37.827861,37.828086,37.828289,37.82844,37.828464,37.828852,37.828936,37.829019,37.829259,37.8294,37.829588,37.829706,37.829872,37.8299,37.830026,37.830077,37.830094,37.830178,37.830626,37.831537,37.8321,37.832351,37.833281,37.833366,37.834293,37.834349,37.835281,37.835886,37.836054,37.83652,37.837533,37.838341,37.837678,37.837325,37.837405,37.837442,37.837844,37.837985,37.838013,37.838045,37.838458,37.838634,37.838744,37.838846,37.838964,37.839243,37.839286,37.839325,37.839422,37.840312,37.840396,37.840418,37.840499,37.840565,37.840666,37.84081,37.840687,37.840657,37.84067,37.840706,37.840764,37.841267,37.841311,37.84162,37.842112,37.843129,37.843244,37.843329,37.844603,37.844645,37.844953,37.845028,37.849927,37.849992,37.850097,37.850336,37.850641,37.851036,37.851425,37.851958,37.852647,37.852525,37.852303,37.851983,37.851445,37.851472,37.851479,37.851512,37.85152,37.8516,37.851704,37.851745,37.851671,37.851644,37.851686,37.851777,37.851817,37.851842,37.851891,37.851908,37.851945,37.852037,37.852066,37.852082,37.852099,37.852114,37.852122,37.852134,37.852143,37.852154,37.852164,37.852173,37.852183,37.852188,37.852192,37.852196,37.852197,37.852205,37.85221,37.852214,37.85222,37.852231,37.852241,37.852247,37.85226,37.852268,37.852286,37.852292,37.852296,37.852301,37.852302,37.852303,37.852305,37.85231,37.852317,37.85233,37.852344,37.852353,37.852363,37.852408,37.852411,37.852418,37.852455,37.852459,37.852485,37.852495,37.852497,37.8525,37.8525,37.852498,37.852494,37.852492,37.85249,37.85249,37.852492,37.852495,37.852503,37.852508,37.852514,37.852521,37.852532,37.852554,37.852556,37.852551,37.852544,37.852532,37.852528,37.852527,37.852528,37.852532,37.852539,37.852563,37.852577,37.852585,37.852586,37.852581,37.852578,37.852564,37.852559,37.852559,37.852562,37.852566,37.852586,37.852596,37.852605,37.852609,37.852612,37.852613,37.852612,37.852609,37.852606,37.8526,37.852591,37.852582,37.852575,37.852568,37.852561,37.852554,37.852545,37.852546,37.852532,37.852518,37.852505,37.85159,37.85146,37.851417,37.851354,37.851488,37.851933,37.85193,37.851922,37.851818,37.851806,37.851792,37.851767,37.851926,37.851933,37.852029,37.852461,37.852477,37.85272,37.852731,37.852821,37.852884,37.852623,37.852511,37.852478,37.852467,37.852423,37.852625,37.852633,37.854371,37.854541,37.854921,37.85499,37.85505,37.855287,37.855647,37.855733,37.856345,37.856742,37.857364,37.857453,37.857522,37.858486,37.858794,37.858872,37.859327,37.859363]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.892891,-77.892259,-77.891942,-77.891604,-77.891514,-77.890944,-77.890458,-77.890209,-77.89019,-77.889619,-77.889595,-77.889154,-77.889135,-77.889049,-77.888989,-77.888966,-77.888707,-77.88831,-77.88824,-77.887849,-77.887767,-77.88773,-77.887663,-77.887601,-77.887428,-77.88737,-77.887317,-77.887301,-77.887056,-77.88704,-77.886868,-77.886614,-77.886575,-77.886479,-77.886179,-77.886059,-77.885877,-77.887438,-77.887912,-77.888513,-77.888524,-77.888791,-77.889072,-77.889145,-77.88927,-77.889407,-77.889525,-77.889713,-77.890042,-77.890551,-77.890688,-77.890798,-77.890983,-77.89117,-77.891917,-77.892821,-77.892891],"lat":[37.763494,37.764233,37.764606,37.764202,37.764095,37.763382,37.76396,37.764256,37.764239,37.763807,37.763787,37.7634,37.763383,37.763308,37.763257,37.763238,37.763011,37.762663,37.762605,37.762277,37.762208,37.762177,37.762138,37.762101,37.761949,37.7619,37.761853,37.76184,37.761626,37.761613,37.761463,37.761242,37.761209,37.761128,37.760877,37.760776,37.760624,37.76071,37.760736,37.760768,37.760774,37.760934,37.761146,37.761223,37.76133,37.761427,37.761498,37.761589,37.761751,37.762003,37.762091,37.762162,37.762278,37.762401,37.762876,37.763447,37.763494]}],[{"lng":[-77.919229,-77.919224,-77.919193,-77.919051,-77.919004,-77.918939,-77.918857,-77.918799,-77.918731,-77.918693,-77.918025,-77.917811,-77.917285,-77.917216,-77.91644,-77.91588,-77.915584,-77.915487,-77.915339,-77.915225,-77.915094,-77.914978,-77.914855,-77.914748,-77.91471,-77.914454,-77.914405,-77.914367,-77.914313,-77.914257,-77.91421,-77.914131,-77.914049,-77.914011,-77.913917,-77.913807,-77.913683,-77.913545,-77.913213,-77.912933,-77.912717,-77.912517,-77.912276,-77.912046,-77.911828,-77.911084,-77.910697,-77.910615,-77.910503,-77.910381,-77.910349,-77.910273,-77.9102,-77.910093,-77.90997,-77.90963,-77.908811,-77.908311,-77.908059,-77.907793,-77.907058,-77.906612,-77.905215,-77.903497,-77.902212,-77.902023,-77.901778,-77.901424,-77.900631,-77.900222,-77.899868,-77.899692,-77.89956,-77.899408,-77.898797,-77.898273,-77.897992,-77.897723,-77.896974,-77.896293,-77.895322,-77.895264,-77.895162,-77.895091,-77.895037,-77.89492,-77.894843,-77.894674,-77.894517,-77.89419,-77.894072,-77.894026,-77.893963,-77.893917,-77.893798,-77.893682,-77.893654,-77.893518,-77.893294,-77.893187,-77.892903,-77.892827,-77.892703,-77.892613,-77.892521,-77.892384,-77.891278,-77.890704,-77.89039,-77.890322,-77.890241,-77.889737,-77.889514,-77.888507,-77.888154,-77.887395,-77.887319,-77.88714,-77.886976,-77.886677,-77.886551,-77.886258,-77.886091,-77.885834,-77.885404,-77.885169,-77.885045,-77.88491,-77.884763,-77.884608,-77.884478,-77.884186,-77.883982,-77.883711,-77.883572,-77.883443,-77.882493,-77.881859,-77.88143,-77.881389,-77.881237,-77.88107,-77.880893,-77.880717,-77.880536,-77.880337,-77.880135,-77.879974,-77.879362,-77.87893,-77.878535,-77.878306,-77.878124,-77.877943,-77.877522,-77.877247,-77.87718,-77.877095,-77.876782,-77.874504,-77.873974,-77.873641,-77.872342,-77.871942,-77.871443,-77.870989,-77.870958,-77.870683,-77.870407,-77.870026,-77.86952,-77.869214,-77.867971,-77.867751,-77.867476,-77.867258,-77.866835,-77.866629,-77.866465,-77.866278,-77.866134,-77.865978,-77.865796,-77.865107,-77.864091,-77.863928,-77.863744,-77.864008,-77.86452,-77.864784,-77.864874,-77.865054,-77.865872,-77.866315,-77.866558,-77.867536,-77.867945,-77.868167,-77.8685,-77.86868,-77.868953,-77.869131,-77.869992,-77.870096,-77.870263,-77.870395,-77.870429,-77.870478,-77.870797,-77.870859,-77.871088,-77.87122,-77.8711,-77.870297,-77.87014,-77.869922,-77.869701,-77.869611,-77.868777,-77.867834,-77.867299,-77.866665,-77.866412,-77.866302,-77.866218,-77.866119,-77.866004,-77.865919,-77.865862,-77.86571,-77.865512,-77.864989,-77.864846,-77.864743,-77.864697,-77.864442,-77.864363,-77.864299,-77.864135,-77.863957,-77.86371,-77.863379,-77.863154,-77.863027,-77.862332,-77.861587,-77.86133,-77.861201,-77.860095,-77.860019,-77.859843,-77.859655,-77.858434,-77.858364,-77.857628,-77.857528,-77.857498,-77.857382,-77.857263,-77.857138,-77.857047,-77.856973,-77.856903,-77.85683,-77.856757,-77.856211,-77.856146,-77.856005,-77.855814,-77.855461,-77.8551,-77.854507,-77.854362,-77.854233,-77.854113,-77.853919,-77.853856,-77.853782,-77.853704,-77.853573,-77.853525,-77.853495,-77.853484,-77.853492,-77.853518,-77.853562,-77.853755,-77.853796,-77.853821,-77.853821,-77.853824,-77.853788,-77.853745,-77.853688,-77.853337,-77.853289,-77.853095,-77.853028,-77.852943,-77.852841,-77.852767,-77.851966,-77.851718,-77.85167,-77.851288,-77.851176,-77.851033,-77.850632,-77.850207,-77.85007,-77.849739,-77.84932,-77.84927,-77.849121,-77.849066,-77.848974,-77.848204,-77.847922,-77.847723,-77.847506,-77.847035,-77.846604,-77.845721,-77.845613,-77.845449,-77.845173,-77.844606,-77.844397,-77.844085,-77.843792,-77.843577,-77.843265,-77.842975,-77.842357,-77.841871,-77.841608,-77.840673,-77.83988,-77.839214,-77.839031,-77.838744,-77.838575,-77.837501,-77.83736,-77.837107,-77.8368,-77.836343,-77.835755,-77.835654,-77.835485,-77.835163,-77.834905,-77.834565,-77.834353,-77.834033,-77.833836,-77.833596,-77.833365,-77.833231,-77.832848,-77.832573,-77.832553,-77.832276,-77.832112,-77.831867,-77.831605,-77.831545,-77.831007,-77.830833,-77.830587,-77.830426,-77.830246,-77.830143,-77.829932,-77.829598,-77.829318,-77.829056,-77.828824,-77.82865,-77.828685,-77.828697,-77.828697,-77.82872,-77.828754,-77.828779,-77.828786,-77.828802,-77.828808,-77.828819,-77.828833,-77.828823,-77.828794,-77.828774,-77.828735,-77.828652,-77.828623,-77.828627,-77.828638,-77.828653,-77.828667,-77.828754,-77.82891,-77.828982,-77.829032,-77.829056,-77.829233,-77.82929,-77.829338,-77.829369,-77.829516,-77.829589,-77.82963,-77.829672,-77.82976,-77.829797,-77.829828,-77.829876,-77.829925,-77.829945,-77.830013,-77.830077,-77.830141,-77.830189,-77.830238,-77.830305,-77.830316,-77.830311,-77.83029,-77.830269,-77.830251,-77.830208,-77.830198,-77.830166,-77.830094,-77.830015,-77.829775,-77.829457,-77.829379,-77.829329,-77.829314,-77.829177,-77.829036,-77.828936,-77.828784,-77.828713,-77.82861,-77.828424,-77.82823,-77.828025,-77.827744,-77.827201,-77.826785,-77.826359,-77.826137,-77.825907,-77.825666,-77.824715,-77.824507,-77.82431,-77.82416,-77.824088,-77.82399,-77.823875,-77.823747,-77.823581,-77.823517,-77.823361,-77.823287,-77.822854,-77.822675,-77.822406,-77.82234,-77.821959,-77.821867,-77.821808,-77.821433,-77.821346,-77.820907,-77.820803,-77.820762,-77.820658,-77.820523,-77.820358,-77.82015,-77.820003,-77.819811,-77.819651,-77.819445,-77.819114,-77.818681,-77.818346,-77.817767,-77.817588,-77.81736,-77.817228,-77.817097,-77.817028,-77.816894,-77.816784,-77.816692,-77.816593,-77.81622,-77.816128,-77.815976,-77.81574,-77.815654,-77.815578,-77.815399,-77.814726,-77.814302,-77.813712,-77.813228,-77.812799,-77.812709,-77.812384,-77.812139,-77.812016,-77.811856,-77.811618,-77.811392,-77.811332,-77.811225,-77.810951,-77.810688,-77.810349,-77.810096,-77.809793,-77.809675,-77.809251,-77.808909,-77.808761,-77.808292,-77.807708,-77.80753,-77.807454,-77.807236,-77.807162,-77.807063,-77.80693,-77.806881,-77.806794,-77.806757,-77.806699,-77.806641,-77.806566,-77.806509,-77.806438,-77.806334,-77.806233,-77.806129,-77.806032,-77.805918,-77.805822,-77.805627,-77.805359,-77.805045,-77.80494,-77.804414,-77.80418,-77.803728,-77.803314,-77.803133,-77.802951,-77.802783,-77.802721,-77.802643,-77.802435,-77.802005,-77.801948,-77.801781,-77.801761,-77.801698,-77.801664,-77.801664,-77.801705,-77.801664,-77.801574,-77.801511,-77.801248,-77.801061,-77.800839,-77.800686,-77.800333,-77.800194,-77.799938,-77.799813,-77.799612,-77.799557,-77.799473,-77.799279,-77.799168,-77.799064,-77.79896,-77.798843,-77.798572,-77.798475,-77.798246,-77.798149,-77.79756,-77.797408,-77.797241,-77.796999,-77.796874,-77.796687,-77.796194,-77.796042,-77.795924,-77.795772,-77.795148,-77.79487,-77.794746,-77.794593,-77.794496,-77.794122,-77.79381,-77.793436,-77.793151,-77.793027,-77.792812,-77.792375,-77.79008,-77.789457,-77.78895,-77.787938,-77.787058,-77.786087,-77.785533,-77.785499,-77.785436,-77.7852,-77.785027,-77.784909,-77.784673,-77.784396,-77.783525,-77.783419,-77.783003,-77.782913,-77.782788,-77.782677,-77.782559,-77.782303,-77.781984,-77.78179,-77.781707,-77.781423,-77.781146,-77.780598,-77.780501,-77.780397,-77.779732,-77.779544,-77.779468,-77.779344,-77.779101,-77.779018,-77.77897,-77.778956,-77.778963,-77.778963,-77.778935,-77.77881,-77.778443,-77.778228,-77.77811,-77.777993,-77.777792,-77.77696,-77.776558,-77.776391,-77.776072,-77.775975,-77.775864,-77.775629,-77.775532,-77.775428,-77.775109,-77.774943,-77.774894,-77.774853,-77.774763,-77.774714,-77.774659,-77.774569,-77.774416,-77.77427,-77.774104,-77.773945,-77.773439,-77.772508,-77.772482,-77.772281,-77.771601,-77.771331,-77.770707,-77.770478,-77.770215,-77.769716,-77.76957,-77.768849,-77.768627,-77.768516,-77.768461,-77.768426,-77.768239,-77.768169,-77.768114,-77.767906,-77.767857,-77.767781,-77.767704,-77.767711,-77.767579,-77.767462,-77.767358,-77.767149,-77.766886,-77.766602,-77.76613,-77.765929,-77.765631,-77.765506,-77.765381,-77.765277,-77.765222,-77.765194,-77.765187,-77.765201,-77.765249,-77.765367,-77.765374,-77.765367,-77.765283,-77.765221,-77.764965,-77.76468,-77.764632,-77.764507,-77.764472,-77.764348,-77.764285,-77.764223,-77.764154,-77.763662,-77.763558,-77.763253,-77.762535,-77.761209,-77.760767,-77.760323,-77.759119,-77.758587,-77.758047,-77.757875,-77.75781,-77.757619,-77.757306,-77.756833,-77.756298,-77.755442,-77.75538,-77.755234,-77.7545,-77.754212,-77.753296,-77.752548,-77.752024,-77.751619,-77.751421,-77.750876,-77.750661,-77.750406,-77.75031,-77.750367,-77.750524,-77.750783,-77.750979,-77.751111,-77.751127,-77.751092,-77.750977,-77.750784,-77.750192,-77.74992,-77.749795,-77.749123,-77.748533,-77.748353,-77.747984,-77.747721,-77.747293,-77.747065,-77.74623,-77.745509,-77.744628,-77.743858,-77.743522,-77.743272,-77.742636,-77.7418,-77.74093,-77.74058,-77.740442,-77.740386,-77.740319,-77.740096,-77.739964,-77.739153,-77.739049,-77.738741,-77.738391,-77.738028,-77.737855,-77.737498,-77.737052,-77.73562,-77.735409,-77.735271,-77.734465,-77.734247,-77.733975,-77.733577,-77.733273,-77.733007,-77.732811,-77.732347,-77.732223,-77.731724,-77.731502,-77.731044,-77.730446,-77.729837,-77.729596,-77.729373,-77.728925,-77.728714,-77.728216,-77.728052,-77.727949,-77.727839,-77.727676,-77.727495,-77.727143,-77.726518,-77.72611,-77.725739,-77.72521,-77.724899,-77.724504,-77.724008,-77.723578,-77.723195,-77.72314,-77.722268,-77.722095,-77.722057,-77.721962,-77.722007,-77.723272,-77.723788,-77.725995,-77.727303,-77.727514,-77.727644,-77.728259,-77.728905,-77.729055,-77.729295,-77.732406,-77.732464,-77.732485,-77.735911,-77.737026,-77.737098,-77.737112,-77.737132,-77.737208,-77.737253,-77.73734,-77.737447,-77.737613,-77.737776,-77.737932,-77.738662,-77.739745,-77.739923,-77.739981,-77.740288,-77.74032,-77.741048,-77.74246,-77.743208,-77.743844,-77.744524,-77.744545,-77.745274,-77.745455,-77.745537,-77.745901,-77.746645,-77.746792,-77.747281,-77.747292,-77.747364,-77.747432,-77.747506,-77.747541,-77.748131,-77.749103,-77.749147,-77.749202,-77.749643,-77.749668,-77.749992,-77.750017,-77.750031,-77.750042,-77.750047,-77.750037,-77.749916,-77.749706,-77.749319,-77.74906,-77.748739,-77.749524,-77.750268,-77.750365,-77.750873,-77.751073,-77.751283,-77.751652,-77.751747,-77.751861,-77.75192,-77.75198,-77.752008,-77.752066,-77.752116,-77.75214,-77.752165,-77.752235,-77.752266,-77.752301,-77.752333,-77.752396,-77.752427,-77.752456,-77.752484,-77.752515,-77.752695,-77.752824,-77.75293,-77.753067,-77.753159,-77.753261,-77.753382,-77.753555,-77.753618,-77.753633,-77.753678,-77.753727,-77.753759,-77.753802,-77.753823,-77.753833,-77.753877,-77.753889,-77.753928,-77.754,-77.754026,-77.754097,-77.754173,-77.754198,-77.754222,-77.754246,-77.754271,-77.754295,-77.754324,-77.754486,-77.754645,-77.754743,-77.754792,-77.754845,-77.754891,-77.754929,-77.754986,-77.755051,-77.755115,-77.755181,-77.755193,-77.755244,-77.75526,-77.755287,-77.755384,-77.755419,-77.755441,-77.755486,-77.755586,-77.755704,-77.755764,-77.755823,-77.755883,-77.755925,-77.755961,-77.755995,-77.756021,-77.75603,-77.756036,-77.756034,-77.756031,-77.756025,-77.756012,-77.755988,-77.755972,-77.755962,-77.755933,-77.75593,-77.755927,-77.755927,-77.755928,-77.755932,-77.755937,-77.755941,-77.755951,-77.755971,-77.755991,-77.75612,-77.756145,-77.756232,-77.756254,-77.756346,-77.756363,-77.756408,-77.756429,-77.756444,-77.756462,-77.75648,-77.75649,-77.7565,-77.756514,-77.756521,-77.756543,-77.756571,-77.756614,-77.756669,-77.756731,-77.756823,-77.756955,-77.757084,-77.757142,-77.757221,-77.757251,-77.7573,-77.757341,-77.757383,-77.757418,-77.757443,-77.757464,-77.757515,-77.757534,-77.757565,-77.75759,-77.757621,-77.75767,-77.757775,-77.758016,-77.758417,-77.758672,-77.758852,-77.759025,-77.759125,-77.759177,-77.75923,-77.759242,-77.759287,-77.759353,-77.759406,-77.759438,-77.759465,-77.759477,-77.759478,-77.759442,-77.759417,-77.7594,-77.759387,-77.759361,-77.759329,-77.759316,-77.759296,-77.759304,-77.759323,-77.759372,-77.759439,-77.759523,-77.759628,-77.759664,-77.759694,-77.759705,-77.759672,-77.759663,-77.75964,-77.759626,-77.759638,-77.759667,-77.759713,-77.759975,-77.760431,-77.760825,-77.761017,-77.761098,-77.761199,-77.761272,-77.76134,-77.761416,-77.761521,-77.761611,-77.761913,-77.762139,-77.762408,-77.762639,-77.762875,-77.763392,-77.763636,-77.763707,-77.763768,-77.763797,-77.763824,-77.763833,-77.763799,-77.763774,-77.763767,-77.763778,-77.763833,-77.763857,-77.763871,-77.763883,-77.76388,-77.763866,-77.76383,-77.763768,-77.763688,-77.763655,-77.763642,-77.76364,-77.763663,-77.763755,-77.76384,-77.764026,-77.764332,-77.765046,-77.765485,-77.765847,-77.766308,-77.766373,-77.766708,-77.766762,-77.766974,-77.767089,-77.76733,-77.767505,-77.767674,-77.768204,-77.76821,-77.770598,-77.771118,-77.772405,-77.77262,-77.772669,-77.774201,-77.774691,-77.775722,-77.777926,-77.779086,-77.779603,-77.779665,-77.779716,-77.779759,-77.781197,-77.781977,-77.782892,-77.783514,-77.78356,-77.786356,-77.786479,-77.786668,-77.787414,-77.787636,-77.787679,-77.787969,-77.788246,-77.788915,-77.789171,-77.790307,-77.790759,-77.790785,-77.79161,-77.792429,-77.79429,-77.794297,-77.794518,-77.79462,-77.794747,-77.79483,-77.795632,-77.796754,-77.796812,-77.796975,-77.797508,-77.797573,-77.798153,-77.800108,-77.800298,-77.800496,-77.800799,-77.801056,-77.80132,-77.801591,-77.801699,-77.801941,-77.802334,-77.80264,-77.802732,-77.802829,-77.803124,-77.803306,-77.803439,-77.80371,-77.803751,-77.804063,-77.804306,-77.804444,-77.80458,-77.804784,-77.804849,-77.804979,-77.805119,-77.805296,-77.805382,-77.805468,-77.805554,-77.805637,-77.805998,-77.806126,-77.806187,-77.806373,-77.806559,-77.806657,-77.806903,-77.806989,-77.807154,-77.80724,-77.807322,-77.807491,-77.807584,-77.807763,-77.807856,-77.808035,-77.808121,-77.80821,-77.808385,-77.808478,-77.808568,-77.808661,-77.80875,-77.808843,-77.809022,-77.809055,-77.808823,-77.808519,-77.809293,-77.810581,-77.81192,-77.811973,-77.8121,-77.8123,-77.812314,-77.812591,-77.812834,-77.812917,-77.813269,-77.813398,-77.813799,-77.813784,-77.813454,-77.813824,-77.813903,-77.814181,-77.814777,-77.814907,-77.814986,-77.815024,-77.815059,-77.815079,-77.815155,-77.815173,-77.815706,-77.815749,-77.815872,-77.816279,-77.816329,-77.816173,-77.815823,-77.815676,-77.815829,-77.816016,-77.816296,-77.81678,-77.816821,-77.8169,-77.816978,-77.816997,-77.817949,-77.81727,-77.816647,-77.816517,-77.817689,-77.818116,-77.818304,-77.818339,-77.818421,-77.818544,-77.818648,-77.818967,-77.819504,-77.819553,-77.81971,-77.819808,-77.820379,-77.82207,-77.822147,-77.822296,-77.822721,-77.822893,-77.823094,-77.82327,-77.82339,-77.823471,-77.825038,-77.82513,-77.825514,-77.825551,-77.825833,-77.826358,-77.826489,-77.827069,-77.827219,-77.827402,-77.827709,-77.827741,-77.827745,-77.827747,-77.827744,-77.827735,-77.827728,-77.827723,-77.827793,-77.827971,-77.828025,-77.828589,-77.829264,-77.829448,-77.829691,-77.829934,-77.830441,-77.830665,-77.831365,-77.831894,-77.832019,-77.832118,-77.832068,-77.832033,-77.832012,-77.831998,-77.831934,-77.831916,-77.831901,-77.832012,-77.832295,-77.835387,-77.835526,-77.835564,-77.837033,-77.837334,-77.837537,-77.837546,-77.837703,-77.838225,-77.838423,-77.83976,-77.840398,-77.84071,-77.8409,-77.84125,-77.84171,-77.844376,-77.84455,-77.845512,-77.845405,-77.845358,-77.845332,-77.845935,-77.846285,-77.847014,-77.847065,-77.847076,-77.846818,-77.846712,-77.846699,-77.847048,-77.848187,-77.849186,-77.849902,-77.850763,-77.850986,-77.852104,-77.852847,-77.85291,-77.853623,-77.853675,-77.853778,-77.855703,-77.858503,-77.8592,-77.859105,-77.859003,-77.858633,-77.858609,-77.858579,-77.858573,-77.858494,-77.858401,-77.858342,-77.858299,-77.857974,-77.859434,-77.85962,-77.859879,-77.860311,-77.860684,-77.862198,-77.862901,-77.86368,-77.863793,-77.86389,-77.863869,-77.863835,-77.863801,-77.863777,-77.863751,-77.86368,-77.8636,-77.863585,-77.863566,-77.863522,-77.863474,-77.863421,-77.86339,-77.863363,-77.86333,-77.863188,-77.863127,-77.863122,-77.863189,-77.863323,-77.864167,-77.866137,-77.866213,-77.866457,-77.866851,-77.867456,-77.867669,-77.868033,-77.8681,-77.868429,-77.868955,-77.870266,-77.870311,-77.878195,-77.878514,-77.87998,-77.880322,-77.881707,-77.881807,-77.881541,-77.881356,-77.881185,-77.881058,-77.880919,-77.880695,-77.880375,-77.880212,-77.879995,-77.879911,-77.879885,-77.879755,-77.879663,-77.879607,-77.879596,-77.879399,-77.879596,-77.879759,-77.880502,-77.881026,-77.88132,-77.881554,-77.881778,-77.882132,-77.88235,-77.882857,-77.883091,-77.883312,-77.883934,-77.884161,-77.884369,-77.884643,-77.884813,-77.885582,-77.885955,-77.886277,-77.886339,-77.886483,-77.886586,-77.88664,-77.887737,-77.888027,-77.888276,-77.889665,-77.889973,-77.890106,-77.890273,-77.890484,-77.890633,-77.890789,-77.890905,-77.890907,-77.890924,-77.891081,-77.892475,-77.893206,-77.893885,-77.894019,-77.894187,-77.894429,-77.89467,-77.894978,-77.895347,-77.895605,-77.89576,-77.895868,-77.896092,-77.89633,-77.89676,-77.896992,-77.897215,-77.897556,-77.897614,-77.897763,-77.898019,-77.898181,-77.898559,-77.898641,-77.898701,-77.898836,-77.898927,-77.899003,-77.899118,-77.899177,-77.899219,-77.899266,-77.899429,-77.899438,-77.899603,-77.89972,-77.899819,-77.899962,-77.900058,-77.900558,-77.900807,-77.900841,-77.900916,-77.901117,-77.901231,-77.901471,-77.901718,-77.901864,-77.901831,-77.90164,-77.901235,-77.901511,-77.901546,-77.901558,-77.901995,-77.903722,-77.903734,-77.903758,-77.90377,-77.903786,-77.903787,-77.903894,-77.904621,-77.904712,-77.90462,-77.903548,-77.903311,-77.903246,-77.903497,-77.903833,-77.904093,-77.904371,-77.904601,-77.904763,-77.904782,-77.904962,-77.905183,-77.905422,-77.905512,-77.905616,-77.905803,-77.905945,-77.906184,-77.906711,-77.906995,-77.90723,-77.907695,-77.907858,-77.9091,-77.909258,-77.90927,-77.909272,-77.909318,-77.909351,-77.909423,-77.909489,-77.909862,-77.910604,-77.910828,-77.910915,-77.910945,-77.911104,-77.911127,-77.91126,-77.9118,-77.911823,-77.910773,-77.910941,-77.910946,-77.910141,-77.909946,-77.909897,-77.909568,-77.909621,-77.909818,-77.909645,-77.908731,-77.908654,-77.908947,-77.909464,-77.90942,-77.909308,-77.909158,-77.908462,-77.908266,-77.907437,-77.907358,-77.907374,-77.907394,-77.907401,-77.907425,-77.907451,-77.907475,-77.907556,-77.907579,-77.907633,-77.907663,-77.90769,-77.90771,-77.907727,-77.90774,-77.907749,-77.907752,-77.907751,-77.907744,-77.907739,-77.907642,-77.907553,-77.907463,-77.907442,-77.907393,-77.907334,-77.907309,-77.907313,-77.907326,-77.907372,-77.907427,-77.907546,-77.907638,-77.90768,-77.907645,-77.907196,-77.907174,-77.907096,-77.90648,-77.906285,-77.905959,-77.905834,-77.905301,-77.904868,-77.90477,-77.904453,-77.90421,-77.903347,-77.902678,-77.902139,-77.90171,-77.901086,-77.900741,-77.900657,-77.900591,-77.900497,-77.900239,-77.900095,-77.899962,-77.899862,-77.899798,-77.899612,-77.899333,-77.899105,-77.898904,-77.898842,-77.898789,-77.898679,-77.89864,-77.898619,-77.898607,-77.898571,-77.898518,-77.898463,-77.898411,-77.898365,-77.898232,-77.898125,-77.898069,-77.898025,-77.897998,-77.897989,-77.897886,-77.897847,-77.897816,-77.897804,-77.897777,-77.897734,-77.897688,-77.897663,-77.897518,-77.89739,-77.897336,-77.897291,-77.897224,-77.897181,-77.897191,-77.897246,-77.897291,-77.897291,-77.897401,-77.897676,-77.900615,-77.900625,-77.899874,-77.89986,-77.902499,-77.902656,-77.904353,-77.905668,-77.905675,-77.90571,-77.905754,-77.905891,-77.905903,-77.906292,-77.906507,-77.906651,-77.90513,-77.905001,-77.904581,-77.904563,-77.904554,-77.904526,-77.904522,-77.904273,-77.904553,-77.904833,-77.905135,-77.905717,-77.906867,-77.906988,-77.907362,-77.907357,-77.907334,-77.907326,-77.907172,-77.907168,-77.907116,-77.907098,-77.907066,-77.907142,-77.907194,-77.907178,-77.907843,-77.907978,-77.908122,-77.908585,-77.909005,-77.909085,-77.90909,-77.909103,-77.90946,-77.909832,-77.909907,-77.909896,-77.914752,-77.917759,-77.917797,-77.917972,-77.918522,-77.918808,-77.918909,-77.91883,-77.918801,-77.918784,-77.918753,-77.918739,-77.918739,-77.918742,-77.918762,-77.918801,-77.918865,-77.918957,-77.919041,-77.919099,-77.919102,-77.919197,-77.919223,-77.919234,-77.919229],"lat":[37.828457,37.828558,37.828818,37.829557,37.829705,37.829848,37.829986,37.830067,37.83015,37.830192,37.830844,37.831077,37.831697,37.831776,37.832641,37.833333,37.833765,37.833907,37.834124,37.834319,37.834508,37.834655,37.83485,37.835052,37.835134,37.835802,37.835941,37.836063,37.836286,37.836646,37.836868,37.837131,37.837338,37.837417,37.837556,37.837687,37.83781,37.837924,37.838151,37.838327,37.838455,37.838561,37.838705,37.83886,37.839025,37.839636,37.839938,37.839992,37.84005,37.840096,37.839991,37.83981,37.839663,37.839485,37.839314,37.838915,37.838039,37.83752,37.837289,37.837068,37.836513,37.83617,37.835334,37.834319,37.833569,37.833465,37.83333,37.833134,37.832702,37.832472,37.832273,37.832162,37.832065,37.831935,37.831378,37.830894,37.830654,37.830423,37.82991,37.82945,37.828802,37.828863,37.828993,37.829111,37.829235,37.829685,37.829954,37.830394,37.830745,37.83139,37.831655,37.831769,37.831962,37.832159,37.832611,37.832988,37.833066,37.833447,37.834108,37.834373,37.834961,37.835098,37.835282,37.835397,37.835509,37.83565,37.836645,37.837212,37.837533,37.837603,37.837686,37.838201,37.838404,37.839224,37.839495,37.840037,37.840098,37.840257,37.840425,37.840801,37.840967,37.84136,37.841564,37.841873,37.84231,37.842529,37.842627,37.842714,37.84279,37.842853,37.842895,37.842971,37.843035,37.843138,37.843204,37.843283,37.844017,37.844561,37.844898,37.844927,37.845025,37.845112,37.845186,37.845243,37.845286,37.845314,37.845329,37.845331,37.845355,37.84535,37.845336,37.845341,37.845355,37.845378,37.845453,37.845496,37.845506,37.845518,37.845546,37.845811,37.845859,37.845879,37.845944,37.845971,37.846019,37.846075,37.846079,37.846126,37.846185,37.846277,37.846384,37.846442,37.846632,37.846658,37.846696,37.84673,37.846807,37.846863,37.846924,37.847013,37.847101,37.847222,37.847384,37.848082,37.849133,37.849324,37.849525,37.849722,37.850112,37.850337,37.85043,37.850644,37.851698,37.85234,37.852762,37.854255,37.854919,37.855276,37.856045,37.856506,37.857271,37.857768,37.859969,37.860255,37.860776,37.861484,37.861583,37.861665,37.861973,37.862044,37.862379,37.862523,37.862603,37.863119,37.863209,37.863316,37.863409,37.863442,37.863704,37.864015,37.864191,37.864426,37.86453,37.86459,37.864647,37.864729,37.864849,37.864963,37.865059,37.86539,37.865824,37.867005,37.867318,37.867607,37.867721,37.868257,37.868398,37.868513,37.86877,37.869016,37.869318,37.869688,37.86992,37.870046,37.870698,37.871397,37.871639,37.87176,37.872791,37.872865,37.873024,37.873179,37.874083,37.874139,37.874715,37.874799,37.874825,37.874944,37.8751,37.87531,37.875499,37.875693,37.875936,37.87614,37.876299,37.877305,37.877446,37.877724,37.878067,37.878625,37.879262,37.880412,37.880685,37.880962,37.881269,37.881788,37.881931,37.882123,37.882368,37.882905,37.883147,37.88339,37.883635,37.88397,37.884206,37.884441,37.885172,37.885384,37.885642,37.885653,37.885814,37.88654,37.886847,37.887135,37.888391,37.888561,37.889241,37.88941,37.889573,37.889731,37.889822,37.890779,37.891076,37.891126,37.891572,37.891703,37.891866,37.892315,37.892787,37.892939,37.893326,37.893782,37.893828,37.893964,37.894008,37.89408,37.89462,37.894798,37.894916,37.89503,37.895294,37.895516,37.895958,37.896008,37.896089,37.896235,37.896552,37.896668,37.896838,37.896996,37.897122,37.897288,37.897455,37.897792,37.89801,37.898133,37.898537,37.898853,37.899111,37.89919,37.899328,37.899418,37.899941,37.900001,37.900123,37.90026,37.900498,37.900766,37.900816,37.900891,37.901053,37.901168,37.901307,37.901388,37.901528,37.90159,37.90168,37.901783,37.901852,37.902013,37.90214,37.902149,37.902326,37.902451,37.902654,37.902858,37.902897,37.903152,37.90323,37.903318,37.90338,37.903443,37.903483,37.903555,37.903681,37.903776,37.903857,37.903921,37.903964,37.904285,37.904566,37.904679,37.905101,37.905759,37.906228,37.906336,37.906615,37.906936,37.907047,37.907439,37.907771,37.908036,37.908124,37.908243,37.908548,37.90883,37.908964,37.909089,37.90917,37.909248,37.909662,37.910181,37.910524,37.910824,37.910963,37.911662,37.911916,37.912068,37.91215,37.912755,37.913048,37.913176,37.913406,37.913698,37.913914,37.914173,37.914424,37.914922,37.915236,37.915555,37.915917,37.916238,37.91642,37.916607,37.916864,37.917011,37.917145,37.917259,37.917325,37.917365,37.917498,37.917515,37.917601,37.917763,37.917917,37.918455,37.919199,37.91936,37.919449,37.919489,37.919815,37.920109,37.920316,37.920562,37.920653,37.920762,37.920934,37.921101,37.921262,37.921499,37.921958,37.922296,37.922643,37.922801,37.922939,37.923065,37.923529,37.923627,37.923738,37.923834,37.923885,37.92397,37.924096,37.924293,37.924563,37.924677,37.924987,37.925119,37.926008,37.926376,37.926931,37.927074,37.927785,37.927964,37.928093,37.928783,37.928957,37.92974,37.929888,37.929938,37.930055,37.930182,37.93031,37.930435,37.930508,37.930588,37.930643,37.930693,37.930767,37.930848,37.930918,37.931051,37.931102,37.931204,37.93127,37.931354,37.931404,37.931502,37.931599,37.931679,37.931774,37.93206,37.932142,37.932261,37.932454,37.932515,37.932582,37.932724,37.933306,37.933696,37.934226,37.934674,37.935062,37.935154,37.935458,37.935717,37.935841,37.935999,37.936226,37.936425,37.936491,37.936587,37.936839,37.937094,37.937395,37.937589,37.937841,37.937944,37.938264,37.938496,37.93861,37.938938,37.939354,37.939486,37.939553,37.939724,37.9398,37.939916,37.940099,37.940181,37.940382,37.940453,37.940582,37.940691,37.940813,37.940896,37.940984,37.94109,37.941171,37.941248,37.941305,37.941363,37.941401,37.941466,37.941525,37.94158,37.941594,37.941722,37.941797,37.941979,37.942216,37.942344,37.942462,37.942598,37.942663,37.942732,37.942921,37.943293,37.943076,37.942209,37.942165,37.942083,37.942011,37.941951,37.941775,37.941665,37.94149,37.941391,37.941078,37.940798,37.94043,37.940243,37.939919,37.939771,37.939453,37.939321,37.939145,37.939085,37.938969,37.938591,37.938536,37.938459,37.938316,37.938267,37.93819,37.938146,37.93797,37.93791,37.937899,37.937882,37.937844,37.9378,37.937805,37.937844,37.938003,37.93803,37.93803,37.938014,37.937887,37.937827,37.937789,37.937723,37.937668,37.937421,37.937239,37.937064,37.936965,37.936937,37.936932,37.936948,37.937195,37.93725,37.937305,37.937387,37.937409,37.937419,37.937414,37.93741,37.937403,37.937276,37.937156,37.937062,37.93681,37.936793,37.936671,37.936656,37.936601,37.936579,37.936524,37.936441,37.93631,37.935942,37.93564,37.935425,37.93536,37.93525,37.935118,37.934766,37.934717,37.934678,37.934519,37.934437,37.934327,37.934058,37.933706,37.933542,37.933426,37.933306,37.933163,37.933097,37.933004,37.932817,37.932614,37.932537,37.932509,37.932476,37.932443,37.932377,37.932295,37.9323,37.932366,37.93236,37.932338,37.932229,37.932206,37.932196,37.932184,37.932146,37.932118,37.93208,37.931959,37.931915,37.931882,37.93186,37.931838,37.931855,37.931888,37.931915,37.93203,37.932301,37.932307,37.932359,37.93248,37.932551,37.932738,37.932825,37.932935,37.933171,37.933204,37.933308,37.933368,37.933418,37.933462,37.933506,37.933906,37.933989,37.934032,37.934137,37.934186,37.934362,37.934763,37.934828,37.935097,37.935246,37.935333,37.935465,37.935608,37.935728,37.935909,37.936003,37.936167,37.936261,37.936376,37.936491,37.936595,37.9367,37.936826,37.936963,37.937122,37.937348,37.937403,37.937435,37.937512,37.937534,37.937589,37.937666,37.93766,37.937578,37.937539,37.937331,37.937254,37.937199,37.937161,37.936968,37.936935,37.936902,37.936703,37.936,37.935954,37.936094,37.936581,37.936628,37.936585,37.936476,37.93613,37.93594,37.935801,37.93567,37.93566,37.935031,37.934952,37.934766,37.933702,37.933481,37.932958,37.932028,37.931553,37.930327,37.929977,37.929573,37.929346,37.92901,37.928666,37.928387,37.928032,37.927449,37.926696,37.926084,37.925769,37.925417,37.925192,37.925107,37.925258,37.925265,37.925226,37.924713,37.924542,37.924436,37.923682,37.923636,37.923748,37.923758,37.923495,37.92347,37.92363,37.923616,37.923847,37.923928,37.923779,37.923949,37.924203,37.924363,37.924499,37.924772,37.924863,37.924891,37.924863,37.924581,37.924545,37.924338,37.924397,37.924369,37.924409,37.924616,37.924766,37.924862,37.924986,37.92516,37.925271,37.925362,37.925385,37.925325,37.925118,37.925082,37.924991,37.924558,37.924516,37.924506,37.924463,37.924244,37.924181,37.923866,37.923795,37.92373,37.923431,37.923368,37.923321,37.923261,37.923192,37.922921,37.922758,37.922747,37.92281,37.922711,37.922715,37.92285,37.923126,37.923168,37.923099,37.922692,37.922595,37.922162,37.9221,37.921117,37.920846,37.920787,37.920537,37.920427,37.917222,37.915914,37.910323,37.907004,37.90647,37.906141,37.904584,37.902944,37.902565,37.901957,37.894071,37.893922,37.893874,37.885185,37.882356,37.882173,37.882139,37.882086,37.881894,37.88178,37.881559,37.881289,37.880868,37.880455,37.880059,37.878208,37.87546,37.875009,37.874863,37.874084,37.874004,37.872156,37.868576,37.866678,37.865066,37.863338,37.863285,37.861437,37.860976,37.860767,37.859844,37.857957,37.857583,37.85634,37.856311,37.856129,37.855957,37.85577,37.855683,37.854185,37.851719,37.851607,37.851465,37.850346,37.850283,37.849459,37.849396,37.849362,37.849333,37.849319,37.849311,37.849205,37.848979,37.848421,37.847968,37.847419,37.84703,37.846698,37.846649,37.846391,37.84629,37.846184,37.845987,37.845931,37.845878,37.845839,37.845799,37.845778,37.845732,37.84569,37.845667,37.845644,37.84557,37.845533,37.845496,37.845458,37.845381,37.845342,37.845303,37.845264,37.845225,37.844954,37.844767,37.84461,37.844387,37.844253,37.844108,37.843849,37.843471,37.843312,37.843275,37.843173,37.843052,37.84298,37.842885,37.842839,37.842817,37.842734,37.842713,37.842615,37.842468,37.842414,37.842314,37.842218,37.842191,37.842165,37.842139,37.842114,37.842089,37.842065,37.841891,37.841723,37.841616,37.841559,37.84149,37.841415,37.841347,37.841199,37.84088,37.840545,37.840029,37.839924,37.839467,37.839329,37.839086,37.838163,37.838061,37.837994,37.837904,37.837772,37.83761,37.837529,37.837448,37.837366,37.837313,37.837257,37.837191,37.837119,37.837062,37.836952,37.836878,37.836805,37.836731,37.836648,37.836555,37.836462,37.836415,37.836197,37.836165,37.836102,37.836071,37.83599,37.835946,37.835905,37.835871,37.835822,37.83572,37.835625,37.834975,37.834871,37.834496,37.834336,37.833677,37.833251,37.833028,37.832761,37.832269,37.831663,37.83101,37.83015,37.829106,37.828538,37.828429,37.828308,37.828216,37.828144,37.828079,37.828013,37.827944,37.827833,37.827714,37.827652,37.827534,37.827473,37.827356,37.82723,37.827078,37.826932,37.826775,37.826638,37.826299,37.826126,37.825972,37.825821,37.8257,37.825594,37.825475,37.825219,37.824821,37.824582,37.824448,37.824287,37.824146,37.824044,37.82386,37.823707,37.823079,37.822169,37.821531,37.821052,37.820507,37.819904,37.819761,37.818159,37.817697,37.817393,37.816538,37.81584,37.815209,37.814717,37.814178,37.814015,37.813885,37.813713,37.813544,37.81338,37.813214,37.81314,37.813043,37.812944,37.8126,37.812458,37.81209,37.811859,37.81173,37.811604,37.81148,37.81099,37.810014,37.809208,37.808815,37.80866,37.80849,37.808408,37.808348,37.808294,37.808237,37.8082,37.808102,37.808021,37.80791,37.807793,37.807655,37.807322,37.807152,37.807088,37.807007,37.806951,37.806868,37.806783,37.806422,37.806244,37.806066,37.805887,37.805532,37.805378,37.805292,37.80511,37.804964,37.804818,37.804621,37.804363,37.804111,37.803958,37.803835,37.803681,37.803452,37.802883,37.802896,37.802912,37.802911,37.802904,37.802906,37.802908,37.802901,37.8029,37.802919,37.802921,37.802931,37.802938,37.802949,37.802957,37.802959,37.802962,37.802946,37.796843,37.795513,37.792223,37.791674,37.791548,37.787682,37.786444,37.78384,37.778274,37.775345,37.774041,37.773884,37.773755,37.773646,37.770039,37.768079,37.765787,37.764227,37.764104,37.757093,37.756787,37.75631,37.754439,37.753887,37.753782,37.753045,37.75235,37.750672,37.750008,37.747065,37.745895,37.745832,37.743746,37.741671,37.736959,37.736942,37.736385,37.736128,37.735806,37.735597,37.733567,37.730729,37.730608,37.730678,37.73099,37.73103,37.731439,37.73267,37.73278,37.732882,37.733021,37.733121,37.733207,37.73328,37.733304,37.733354,37.733436,37.733488,37.733507,37.733524,37.733579,37.733607,37.733629,37.733678,37.733686,37.73375,37.733806,37.733842,37.733881,37.733949,37.733972,37.734025,37.734083,37.734163,37.734203,37.734245,37.734287,37.73433,37.734526,37.734594,37.734628,37.734727,37.734828,37.734879,37.735019,37.735066,37.73516,37.735206,37.735253,37.735346,37.735396,37.735496,37.735547,37.73565,37.735702,37.735754,37.735861,37.735914,37.735968,37.736021,37.736075,37.736128,37.736236,37.736255,37.736534,37.7369,37.737833,37.739399,37.740998,37.741062,37.741214,37.741455,37.741472,37.741776,37.742043,37.742134,37.742521,37.742483,37.742366,37.742349,37.741971,37.741755,37.741709,37.741548,37.741753,37.741797,37.741825,37.741788,37.741812,37.741825,37.741876,37.741888,37.742246,37.742203,37.742277,37.74252,37.74255,37.742709,37.743064,37.743214,37.743287,37.743377,37.743511,37.742998,37.742954,37.743007,37.74306,37.743072,37.743712,37.744354,37.744951,37.745076,37.745814,37.746083,37.746201,37.746169,37.746111,37.746048,37.746007,37.745897,37.745721,37.745755,37.745862,37.74593,37.746323,37.747458,37.747384,37.74724,37.746827,37.747133,37.747492,37.747801,37.747688,37.747612,37.748113,37.748142,37.74826,37.748271,37.748354,37.748511,37.74855,37.748722,37.748767,37.748822,37.748719,37.748709,37.748872,37.748913,37.748953,37.749035,37.749075,37.749091,37.7491,37.749126,37.749133,37.749213,37.749308,37.749334,37.749369,37.749403,37.749475,37.749506,37.749605,37.74968,37.749698,37.749712,37.749802,37.749877,37.749916,37.749953,37.750106,37.750157,37.750194,37.750228,37.750318,37.751293,37.751337,37.751347,37.751812,37.750723,37.749984,37.749954,37.749386,37.749365,37.749357,37.749305,37.74928,37.749268,37.74926,37.749242,37.749226,37.749122,37.749115,37.749718,37.750157,37.750347,37.750457,37.750788,37.75098,37.75138,37.751408,37.751414,37.751971,37.7522,37.752229,37.75228,37.752447,37.752594,37.752701,37.752825,37.752858,37.753019,37.753126,37.753135,37.753239,37.753246,37.753261,37.753542,37.75395,37.754052,37.754478,37.754932,37.756597,37.756701,37.756836,37.756863,37.757222,37.757645,37.757897,37.758085,37.759524,37.758833,37.758745,37.758622,37.758418,37.758241,37.757524,37.757192,37.756822,37.756769,37.756723,37.756693,37.75664,37.756584,37.756513,37.756442,37.756227,37.755938,37.755865,37.755803,37.755682,37.755562,37.755444,37.755385,37.755327,37.75527,37.755002,37.75489,37.754879,37.754839,37.754761,37.754269,37.755041,37.754948,37.75511,37.755374,37.755782,37.75578,37.755778,37.755777,37.755775,37.75577,37.75576,37.755762,37.755972,37.756082,37.756585,37.756702,37.757178,37.757211,37.757592,37.757868,37.758064,37.758199,37.758296,37.758441,37.75858,37.758699,37.758856,37.759003,37.759048,37.759274,37.759434,37.759531,37.759549,37.759705,37.759743,37.759784,37.760008,37.760173,37.760299,37.760416,37.760545,37.760781,37.760925,37.761306,37.761503,37.761709,37.762354,37.762574,37.762762,37.762988,37.763119,37.763687,37.763938,37.764146,37.76418,37.764249,37.764288,37.764308,37.764602,37.764693,37.764778,37.765258,37.765377,37.765433,37.765509,37.765611,37.765689,37.765776,37.765846,37.765866,37.765908,37.766276,37.769551,37.768585,37.767691,37.76785,37.768048,37.768332,37.768594,37.768908,37.76925,37.76949,37.769629,37.769727,37.7699,37.770062,37.770324,37.770478,37.770639,37.770919,37.770871,37.770753,37.770549,37.770692,37.771029,37.771102,37.771155,37.770557,37.770168,37.769905,37.76959,37.769463,37.769504,37.76955,37.769709,37.769718,37.769877,37.76999,37.770087,37.770226,37.770319,37.770806,37.771047,37.771079,37.771153,37.771348,37.771458,37.771691,37.771932,37.772073,37.772078,37.772101,37.77215,37.772843,37.772932,37.772961,37.772959,37.772948,37.773065,37.773286,37.773493,37.77378,37.77381,37.774352,37.774957,37.775033,37.775059,37.77537,37.775434,37.775457,37.77612,37.777009,37.777005,37.776995,37.776984,37.776972,37.776971,37.776953,37.776926,37.776893,37.776877,37.77686,37.776828,37.776802,37.776762,37.776665,37.776619,37.776571,37.77648,37.776453,37.776283,37.777884,37.77801,37.77804,37.778526,37.778865,37.779607,37.780294,37.780394,37.780593,37.780652,37.780676,37.780684,37.780727,37.780733,37.780768,37.780913,37.780919,37.782041,37.782786,37.782809,37.783884,37.784144,37.784202,37.783981,37.783891,37.783297,37.782198,37.783291,37.783374,37.783567,37.783911,37.784,37.784231,37.78454,37.784646,37.784726,37.78506,37.785093,37.785147,37.785221,37.785244,37.785341,37.785438,37.785535,37.785826,37.785923,37.786116,37.786212,37.786308,37.786406,37.786504,37.786602,37.7867,37.786799,37.786996,37.787075,37.787149,37.788085,37.788872,37.789589,37.789758,37.790117,37.79055,37.790832,37.791009,37.791121,37.791323,37.791491,37.791775,37.791958,37.792033,37.792108,37.792967,37.793008,37.793159,37.794337,37.794598,37.794997,37.79515,37.795538,37.795821,37.795884,37.796037,37.796154,37.796764,37.79717,37.797422,37.797454,37.798014,37.798372,37.798474,37.798581,37.798709,37.798822,37.798871,37.798915,37.798948,37.798972,37.799082,37.799264,37.799392,37.799519,37.799571,37.799628,37.799794,37.799895,37.8,37.800093,37.800217,37.800337,37.800429,37.800552,37.800642,37.800878,37.801105,37.801243,37.801317,37.801395,37.80146,37.80172,37.801795,37.801892,37.801991,37.802053,37.802109,37.802148,37.802164,37.802284,37.802357,37.802405,37.802474,37.802726,37.802928,37.80329,37.803621,37.803835,37.803924,37.804551,37.804745,37.806826,37.806834,37.808453,37.808483,37.80858,37.808586,37.808648,37.808697,37.808722,37.808848,37.809005,37.809499,37.809543,37.810943,37.811709,37.812221,37.812672,37.812703,37.812806,37.812906,37.813023,37.813241,37.813273,37.815238,37.815481,37.815726,37.81599,37.8165,37.81749,37.817591,37.817902,37.81804,37.818654,37.818857,37.819186,37.819219,37.819655,37.819801,37.820065,37.820553,37.82122,37.821887,37.821761,37.821732,37.821701,37.821649,37.821574,37.821742,37.821753,37.82178,37.822525,37.823224,37.823301,37.823428,37.824763,37.825589,37.825264,37.825274,37.825303,37.825318,37.825323,37.825543,37.82563,37.825683,37.825828,37.825974,37.825997,37.826112,37.826214,37.826312,37.826448,37.826683,37.826952,37.827194,37.827208,37.827837,37.828043,37.828334,37.828457]}],[{"lng":[-77.919488,-77.919456,-77.919333,-77.919155,-77.919086,-77.917697,-77.917644,-77.916602,-77.915765,-77.915077,-77.914712,-77.914698,-77.914672,-77.914638,-77.915182,-77.915994,-77.917442,-77.918194,-77.919443,-77.919522,-77.919488],"lat":[37.823945,37.824016,37.824301,37.824714,37.824714,37.824626,37.824623,37.824556,37.824503,37.824459,37.824436,37.824274,37.823955,37.823556,37.823598,37.82365,37.823741,37.823788,37.823866,37.823865,37.823945]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.180297,-78.179683,-78.179568,-78.179,-78.178764,-78.17859,-78.1785,-78.17841,-78.178161,-78.177959,-78.177737,-78.17764,-78.177238,-78.177009,-78.176905,-78.176808,-78.176732,-78.176628,-78.176558,-78.176316,-78.175664,-78.175594,-78.175324,-78.17522,-78.175088,-78.174984,-78.174595,-78.174477,-78.174477,-78.174526,-78.174484,-78.174429,-78.174249,-78.174207,-78.174165,-78.174089,-78.174027,-78.173978,-78.173957,-78.173818,-78.173798,-78.173777,-78.173735,-78.173617,-78.173298,-78.173194,-78.173028,-78.172778,-78.172715,-78.172646,-78.172521,-78.172251,-78.172181,-78.172126,-78.17207,-78.171883,-78.17182,-78.171793,-78.171848,-78.171834,-78.171806,-78.171619,-78.171598,-78.171591,-78.171682,-78.171765,-78.171806,-78.171917,-78.172007,-78.172035,-78.172063,-78.172084,-78.17207,-78.172035,-78.172,-78.171952,-78.171827,-78.171473,-78.171335,-78.171237,-78.171127,-78.171043,-78.170682,-78.170606,-78.170544,-78.170488,-78.170426,-78.170197,-78.170134,-78.170093,-78.170051,-78.169857,-78.169822,-78.16969,-78.169559,-78.169482,-78.169337,-78.169225,-78.168754,-78.168594,-78.168233,-78.168164,-78.167491,-78.167332,-78.167297,-78.167269,-78.167269,-78.167318,-78.167304,-78.167227,-78.167109,-78.167047,-78.166957,-78.166901,-78.166658,-78.166533,-78.166478,-78.166291,-78.166242,-78.166124,-78.166089,-78.166041,-78.165881,-78.165673,-78.165576,-78.165458,-78.165361,-78.165292,-78.16509,-78.164792,-78.164507,-78.164348,-78.164223,-78.164008,-78.163932,-78.163647,-78.163419,-78.163106,-78.163009,-78.162884,-78.162773,-78.162246,-78.162156,-78.16201,-78.161844,-78.161594,-78.16124,-78.160748,-78.160422,-78.160012,-78.159825,-78.159048,-78.158882,-78.158729,-78.158462,-78.158167,-78.157896,-78.157432,-78.156752,-78.156218,-78.156079,-78.15594,-78.155767,-78.155399,-78.155295,-78.15499,-78.154879,-78.154255,-78.154172,-78.154116,-78.153707,-78.153485,-78.152979,-78.152549,-78.152382,-78.152216,-78.152077,-78.151931,-78.151522,-78.151439,-78.151369,-78.151341,-78.151293,-78.151182,-78.151154,-78.151161,-78.151202,-78.151327,-78.151362,-78.151389,-78.151417,-78.151472,-78.151479,-78.151444,-78.151382,-78.151305,-78.15125,-78.15118,-78.151069,-78.150938,-78.150834,-78.150528,-78.150417,-78.150272,-78.150161,-78.150126,-78.149966,-78.149897,-78.1498,-78.149335,-78.149176,-78.148988,-78.148801,-78.148641,-78.148399,-78.148191,-78.148093,-78.14801,-78.14783,-78.147587,-78.147573,-78.147566,-78.147573,-78.147559,-78.147531,-78.147253,-78.147149,-78.146886,-78.146504,-78.146206,-78.146143,-78.146108,-78.146081,-78.146067,-78.146108,-78.146094,-78.146018,-78.146039,-78.146066,-78.146115,-78.146371,-78.146427,-78.146482,-78.146524,-78.146559,-78.146704,-78.14669,-78.146531,-78.146253,-78.146169,-78.145982,-78.145691,-78.145628,-78.14533,-78.145281,-78.145225,-78.144719,-78.144629,-78.1444,-78.144323,-78.144073,-78.143962,-78.143428,-78.143331,-78.143123,-78.142894,-78.142769,-78.142498,-78.142297,-78.142172,-78.142019,-78.141859,-78.141117,-78.140992,-78.140832,-78.140659,-78.140548,-78.140451,-78.140298,-78.13973,-78.139216,-78.138863,-78.138655,-78.138329,-78.13828,-78.138162,-78.137878,-78.137711,-78.137233,-78.137142,-78.137059,-78.136858,-78.136802,-78.136567,-78.136497,-78.136435,-78.136171,-78.136134,-78.135984,-78.135873,-78.135706,-78.13563,-78.135547,-78.135491,-78.135463,-78.135456,-78.135477,-78.135463,-78.135435,-78.135386,-78.135317,-78.135074,-78.134887,-78.134678,-78.134512,-78.134366,-78.134262,-78.134179,-78.133929,-78.133423,-78.13293,-78.132452,-78.13207,-78.131987,-78.131466,-78.13121,-78.13105,-78.130842,-78.130752,-78.130578,-78.130516,-78.130259,-78.129919,-78.12976,-78.129357,-78.129156,-78.128684,-78.128483,-78.128303,-78.127866,-78.127713,-78.127463,-78.127137,-78.12706,-78.126977,-78.126873,-78.126741,-78.126616,-78.126512,-78.126394,-78.126019,-78.12534,-78.125152,-78.125069,-78.124951,-78.124722,-78.124064,-78.123405,-78.123316,-78.123305,-78.123409,-78.123645,-78.123612,-78.123352,-78.123277,-78.122127,-78.121453,-78.1212,-78.12064,-78.12044,-78.120313,-78.120191,-78.119895,-78.11986,-78.119825,-78.119608,-78.119431,-78.119156,-78.118889,-78.118363,-78.118411,-78.118625,-78.118864,-78.118806,-78.118382,-78.117425,-78.116776,-78.116544,-78.116335,-78.1162,-78.115932,-78.115468,-78.115002,-78.11447,-78.11408,-78.111289,-78.11069,-78.11015,-78.109912,-78.109551,-78.109386,-78.109139,-78.108641,-78.108327,-78.108057,-78.107421,-78.107196,-78.107007,-78.106843,-78.106268,-78.105608,-78.104941,-78.104577,-78.104479,-78.104448,-78.104154,-78.103737,-78.103681,-78.103541,-78.10319,-78.103076,-78.103086,-78.102789,-78.102026,-78.101657,-78.101522,-78.101394,-78.101139,-78.100754,-78.100598,-78.100547,-78.100626,-78.101218,-78.101303,-78.10123,-78.101,-78.100687,-78.099253,-78.098891,-78.098395,-78.098034,-78.097814,-78.097393,-78.097189,-78.097005,-78.096638,-78.096077,-78.095804,-78.095571,-78.094888,-78.093641,-78.092595,-78.092233,-78.091152,-78.090694,-78.09027,-78.090064,-78.09002,-78.089926,-78.088991,-78.088086,-78.087623,-78.087366,-78.086614,-78.086247,-78.085257,-78.084869,-78.084646,-78.084332,-78.083274,-78.082767,-78.082423,-78.082292,-78.08217,-78.082002,-78.081815,-78.081386,-78.081196,-78.08121,-78.080908,-78.080659,-78.080452,-78.080271,-78.080054,-78.079838,-78.079381,-78.079079,-78.077634,-78.076638,-78.07632,-78.075974,-78.075694,-78.075203,-78.074644,-78.074459,-78.074344,-78.074414,-78.074386,-78.074276,-78.074163,-78.074125,-78.073776,-78.073485,-78.073258,-78.072666,-78.072187,-78.071975,-78.071805,-78.071487,-78.070053,-78.069834,-78.069566,-78.069387,-78.069062,-78.068901,-78.068748,-78.068586,-78.068298,-78.068067,-78.067293,-78.067085,-78.065035,-78.06461,-78.06405,-78.063074,-78.063057,-78.062337,-78.062247,-78.061629,-78.061444,-78.061315,-78.061085,-78.060934,-78.060533,-78.060037,-78.059781,-78.059431,-78.059068,-78.057623,-78.056914,-78.055411,-78.055068,-78.054646,-78.053972,-78.053488,-78.053022,-78.052791,-78.052695,-78.052663,-78.052792,-78.053523,-78.053999,-78.054007,-78.053695,-78.05356,-78.053347,-78.052274,-78.051826,-78.050244,-78.048643,-78.048142,-78.047642,-78.047201,-78.046608,-78.045309,-78.0425,-78.04158,-78.041215,-78.04102,-78.040755,-78.040043,-78.039713,-78.038939,-78.03802,-78.037754,-78.037209,-78.036948,-78.036743,-78.036443,-78.036127,-78.035773,-78.035634,-78.035819,-78.036554,-78.036972,-78.037008,-78.036765,-78.036487,-78.03578,-78.035388,-78.035061,-78.034975,-78.034816,-78.034507,-78.034171,-78.034012,-78.033732,-78.033514,-78.033023,-78.032578,-78.031825,-78.031431,-78.030959,-78.029874,-78.029839,-78.029448,-78.02917,-78.029164,-78.029089,-78.02828,-78.027891,-78.027352,-78.026875,-78.026071,-78.025434,-78.024544,-78.023694,-78.023285,-78.022924,-78.022628,-78.022033,-78.021826,-78.021738,-78.021891,-78.021778,-78.021437,-78.021381,-78.021546,-78.021934,-78.022047,-78.022094,-78.021994,-78.02185,-78.021567,-78.021105,-78.020456,-78.020306,-78.020206,-78.020075,-78.01998,-78.019733,-78.019048,-78.019129,-78.019347,-78.020249,-78.020669,-78.021034,-78.022936,-78.022996,-78.023232,-78.023203,-78.023483,-78.023896,-78.023966,-78.02441,-78.02461,-78.025293,-78.025541,-78.025882,-78.026395,-78.026608,-78.026594,-78.026462,-78.024731,-78.024343,-78.023996,-78.023687,-78.023219,-78.022985,-78.022855,-78.023105,-78.023115,-78.023018,-78.022769,-78.022379,-78.022024,-78.02205,-78.021982,-78.021833,-78.021173,-78.020383,-78.019708,-78.018923,-78.018695,-78.018421,-78.018149,-78.017495,-78.017234,-78.016984,-78.01682,-78.016851,-78.016839,-78.016787,-78.016702,-78.016352,-78.015741,-78.015516,-78.015169,-78.014766,-78.014471,-78.01411,-78.013668,-78.013166,-78.012853,-78.012726,-78.012667,-78.012369,-78.012283,-78.011958,-78.011369,-78.011109,-78.010701,-78.009747,-78.009128,-78.008553,-78.008328,-78.00821,-78.008014,-78.007604,-78.007383,-78.00702,-78.006453,-78.005851,-78.005101,-78.004187,-78.003874,-78.003188,-78.002919,-78.002445,-78.002175,-78.001771,-78.001555,-78.001552,-78.001621,-78.002192,-78.002828,-78.002923,-78.003002,-78.002972,-78.002719,-78.002427,-78.00209,-78.001745,-78.001561,-78.001089,-78.00062,-78.0004,-77.999658,-77.999384,-77.999188,-77.998959,-77.998307,-77.997817,-77.997681,-77.997575,-77.997482,-77.997232,-77.996594,-77.9962,-77.995658,-77.995423,-77.995055,-77.994631,-77.994086,-77.993829,-77.993751,-77.99376,-77.993973,-77.994037,-77.994291,-77.995092,-77.995953,-77.996495,-77.998049,-77.998434,-77.998519,-77.998511,-77.998295,-77.998111,-77.998096,-77.998148,-77.99842,-77.998732,-77.998681,-77.998285,-77.997524,-77.997196,-77.996873,-77.996556,-77.996312,-77.996166,-77.995955,-77.995805,-77.995511,-77.995206,-77.994711,-77.994056,-77.991788,-77.991473,-77.991162,-77.989277,-77.987548,-77.986988,-77.986347,-77.986085,-77.985605,-77.98488,-77.98396,-77.983653,-77.983351,-77.983073,-77.983056,-77.982768,-77.982624,-77.982586,-77.982666,-77.982336,-77.982304,-77.982593,-77.982567,-77.982423,-77.982227,-77.981824,-77.980158,-77.978988,-77.976883,-77.975891,-77.975482,-77.975127,-77.974922,-77.974861,-77.974931,-77.974608,-77.974398,-77.973948,-77.973243,-77.971978,-77.971733,-77.970256,-77.97014,-77.970176,-77.970107,-77.96986,-77.96912,-77.969017,-77.968955,-77.969053,-77.968591,-77.968325,-77.968343,-77.968499,-77.969022,-77.969803,-77.969921,-77.970045,-77.969986,-77.970059,-77.970224,-77.970201,-77.969963,-77.969281,-77.968744,-77.968299,-77.967924,-77.967872,-77.967732,-77.967679,-77.967474,-77.967261,-77.967089,-77.966236,-77.965475,-77.964983,-77.96457,-77.964172,-77.963682,-77.962821,-77.962507,-77.961974,-77.960165,-77.959275,-77.957422,-77.956544,-77.955996,-77.95557,-77.953546,-77.953272,-77.952539,-77.952196,-77.951888,-77.951674,-77.951455,-77.950911,-77.950443,-77.949971,-77.949752,-77.949559,-77.948659,-77.948501,-77.948053,-77.946502,-77.945531,-77.945217,-77.944184,-77.943038,-77.941798,-77.940355,-77.939821,-77.937922,-77.936527,-77.93539,-77.935228,-77.935296,-77.935494,-77.935864,-77.937174,-77.937565,-77.937979,-77.938649,-77.939263,-77.939506,-77.93947,-77.939391,-77.939248,-77.939071,-77.938509,-77.937437,-77.93678,-77.935751,-77.935076,-77.934527,-77.933852,-77.933602,-77.933414,-77.933089,-77.932802,-77.932467,-77.930952,-77.930314,-77.930026,-77.929962,-77.930014,-77.93061,-77.930698,-77.930586,-77.930433,-77.929888,-77.929743,-77.929543,-77.929508,-77.929554,-77.930276,-77.930432,-77.930705,-77.930899,-77.930618,-77.930717,-77.930805,-77.931026,-77.931842,-77.932193,-77.932631,-77.932941,-77.933484,-77.934348,-77.934808,-77.937774,-77.938588,-77.938796,-77.939241,-77.939439,-77.939668,-77.939644,-77.939712,-77.939877,-77.940101,-77.940264,-77.940581,-77.940836,-77.941338,-77.941562,-77.942486,-77.943258,-77.944628,-77.945103,-77.945328,-77.945503,-77.945641,-77.945942,-77.946199,-77.947122,-77.947376,-77.947637,-77.947767,-77.947958,-77.948366,-77.948756,-77.949157,-77.949488,-77.949692,-77.949755,-77.949659,-77.949421,-77.94938,-77.949786,-77.950365,-77.950722,-77.95074,-77.950681,-77.950128,-77.949464,-77.948757,-77.948586,-77.948467,-77.948106,-77.947413,-77.947193,-77.947114,-77.947094,-77.947383,-77.947324,-77.947407,-77.947361,-77.947245,-77.946119,-77.945935,-77.945832,-77.945821,-77.945963,-77.945969,-77.945863,-77.945519,-77.945549,-77.945714,-77.946442,-77.946509,-77.946491,-77.946226,-77.945938,-77.944933,-77.944417,-77.944237,-77.944276,-77.944238,-77.943962,-77.943816,-77.943397,-77.942972,-77.94252,-77.941847,-77.940696,-77.940068,-77.939168,-77.938126,-77.936539,-77.935935,-77.935356,-77.934953,-77.9349,-77.935564,-77.936016,-77.936132,-77.936082,-77.93592,-77.935682,-77.935242,-77.934924,-77.933222,-77.933241,-77.933391,-77.933549,-77.933611,-77.933706,-77.933742,-77.933754,-77.93377,-77.933749,-77.933695,-77.933612,-77.933538,-77.933506,-77.933493,-77.933524,-77.93358,-77.933622,-77.933681,-77.933895,-77.934002,-77.934066,-77.934113,-77.934196,-77.934302,-77.934346,-77.934522,-77.934681,-77.934778,-77.934838,-77.934907,-77.935004,-77.93509,-77.935447,-77.936659,-77.93723,-77.937655,-77.937842,-77.938203,-77.938352,-77.93885,-77.939077,-77.939248,-77.939761,-77.940319,-77.94046,-77.940594,-77.940996,-77.941358,-77.941425,-77.941526,-77.941921,-77.942129,-77.942157,-77.942592,-77.943071,-77.943639,-77.944195,-77.944618,-77.944907,-77.947081,-77.947602,-77.948026,-77.948242,-77.948519,-77.948753,-77.949025,-77.949468,-77.950106,-77.950355,-77.950523,-77.950884,-77.951096,-77.951563,-77.951973,-77.952331,-77.952982,-77.953851,-77.954085,-77.954256,-77.954812,-77.954876,-77.955037,-77.955701,-77.955837,-77.955972,-77.956071,-77.95619,-77.956302,-77.95641,-77.956627,-77.957266,-77.95768,-77.957797,-77.957994,-77.958207,-77.958398,-77.958579,-77.958737,-77.958902,-77.959053,-77.959179,-77.959301,-77.959863,-77.960305,-77.960421,-77.960622,-77.960945,-77.961231,-77.961419,-77.96158,-77.961763,-77.962024,-77.962448,-77.962724,-77.962821,-77.962843,-77.962889,-77.962951,-77.963012,-77.96304,-77.963095,-77.963332,-77.963425,-77.963478,-77.963812,-77.964271,-77.964479,-77.964582,-77.964696,-77.964951,-77.965092,-77.965179,-77.965331,-77.965414,-77.965539,-77.965848,-77.966023,-77.966368,-77.966526,-77.966598,-77.96681,-77.967538,-77.967627,-77.967765,-77.967832,-77.967908,-77.967988,-77.968045,-77.968107,-77.96815,-77.968165,-77.968168,-77.96813,-77.968067,-77.968044,-77.968032,-77.968047,-77.968075,-77.968097,-77.968125,-77.968206,-77.968263,-77.968445,-77.968518,-77.968849,-77.968992,-77.969322,-77.969429,-77.96955,-77.969806,-77.969888,-77.970036,-77.970073,-77.970166,-77.970419,-77.970469,-77.97054,-77.970608,-77.970957,-77.971049,-77.971149,-77.971293,-77.971625,-77.971667,-77.972628,-77.972743,-77.973034,-77.973262,-77.973434,-77.97352,-77.97366,-77.973771,-77.973941,-77.974079,-77.974403,-77.974569,-77.974664,-77.974959,-77.975185,-77.97529,-77.97573,-77.975913,-77.976097,-77.976634,-77.976784,-77.976931,-77.977073,-77.977805,-77.978027,-77.978234,-77.978445,-77.979078,-77.979231,-77.979462,-77.979557,-77.979735,-77.979925,-77.980179,-77.980447,-77.980572,-77.98068,-77.980765,-77.980998,-77.981217,-77.981334,-77.981439,-77.981572,-77.981719,-77.981945,-77.982119,-77.982278,-77.982439,-77.982496,-77.983301,-77.983432,-77.983819,-77.983929,-77.984077,-77.984217,-77.984427,-77.98455,-77.985235,-77.985763,-77.986429,-77.986734,-77.986972,-77.987304,-77.98796,-77.989112,-77.989623,-77.99008,-77.990817,-77.991075,-77.99128,-77.9917,-77.992011,-77.992052,-77.992213,-77.992253,-77.992403,-77.992522,-77.993037,-77.993722,-77.993875,-77.993805,-77.993163,-77.993176,-77.993195,-77.99326,-77.995346,-77.996448,-77.996563,-77.998124,-77.99814,-77.998184,-77.998503,-77.998637,-77.99898,-77.999047,-77.999051,-78.001288,-78.00169,-78.001796,-78.001901,-78.002132,-78.00242,-78.002728,-78.002857,-78.002973,-78.00302,-78.003089,-78.003156,-78.003439,-78.003483,-78.003527,-78.003572,-78.003641,-78.003825,-78.003894,-78.003984,-78.004051,-78.004117,-78.00416,-78.00418,-78.004198,-78.004217,-78.004237,-78.004259,-78.004282,-78.004309,-78.004345,-78.004709,-78.005522,-78.006405,-78.007057,-78.009423,-78.010188,-78.010611,-78.010797,-78.011436,-78.014058,-78.015535,-78.017336,-78.017782,-78.017927,-78.018574,-78.018663,-78.018838,-78.021771,-78.022038,-78.022147,-78.02406,-78.024478,-78.024611,-78.024734,-78.025014,-78.025391,-78.025451,-78.025711,-78.027394,-78.027458,-78.027509,-78.028531,-78.028878,-78.029354,-78.029458,-78.02981,-78.030139,-78.030255,-78.030301,-78.031125,-78.031738,-78.031809,-78.034772,-78.034967,-78.035629,-78.03578,-78.035843,-78.03634,-78.037206,-78.037243,-78.037251,-78.037869,-78.038734,-78.038981,-78.038997,-78.039093,-78.039106,-78.039109,-78.039219,-78.042088,-78.042249,-78.04228,-78.042601,-78.042806,-78.043223,-78.043251,-78.043473,-78.043954,-78.044843,-78.045208,-78.045976,-78.046328,-78.046858,-78.047231,-78.047644,-78.047752,-78.04792,-78.04821,-78.048488,-78.048773,-78.049059,-78.049345,-78.049654,-78.050033,-78.050412,-78.050928,-78.051084,-78.051141,-78.051968,-78.05264,-78.052839,-78.053506,-78.053589,-78.054382,-78.054469,-78.055562,-78.055574,-78.055592,-78.055989,-78.056086,-78.057335,-78.062448,-78.06331,-78.063742,-78.064307,-78.064727,-78.064773,-78.064798,-78.064969,-78.068628,-78.071159,-78.071472,-78.071997,-78.072086,-78.072844,-78.073718,-78.074617,-78.074884,-78.074901,-78.075747,-78.076074,-78.077212,-78.079932,-78.080733,-78.082812,-78.082824,-78.091245,-78.091655,-78.091778,-78.092208,-78.092261,-78.093108,-78.094486,-78.09571,-78.095749,-78.095769,-78.101565,-78.106471,-78.106552,-78.107539,-78.110651,-78.11545,-78.116296,-78.116503,-78.116516,-78.116543,-78.116571,-78.116722,-78.117595,-78.124243,-78.124268,-78.124723,-78.124724,-78.124724,-78.124745,-78.124766,-78.125124,-78.125142,-78.125923,-78.127224,-78.128523,-78.129923,-78.130922,-78.132123,-78.132318,-78.133923,-78.135724,-78.137623,-78.139923,-78.140024,-78.14004,-78.142123,-78.143291,-78.144023,-78.146023,-78.148024,-78.148628,-78.149501,-78.150224,-78.151779,-78.152524,-78.153585,-78.153827,-78.154737,-78.154757,-78.155264,-78.159836,-78.16243,-78.162657,-78.165588,-78.16657,-78.166836,-78.16858,-78.170807,-78.173243,-78.173264,-78.173359,-78.173929,-78.173855,-78.173623,-78.173397,-78.172781,-78.172379,-78.172061,-78.171458,-78.171013,-78.170956,-78.170739,-78.170389,-78.169932,-78.169131,-78.167247,-78.166539,-78.166294,-78.166086,-78.165593,-78.165334,-78.165163,-78.165027,-78.164907,-78.1648,-78.164705,-78.164618,-78.164504,-78.164454,-78.164415,-78.164382,-78.164361,-78.164367,-78.164508,-78.164551,-78.164561,-78.164555,-78.164534,-78.164355,-78.164287,-78.164208,-78.164112,-78.164014,-78.16395,-78.164554,-78.165671,-78.167251,-78.168249,-78.168762,-78.169115,-78.169517,-78.16957,-78.170029,-78.170476,-78.170979,-78.172202,-78.173003,-78.173332,-78.173788,-78.175359,-78.176704,-78.177182,-78.177916,-78.178151,-78.178959,-78.180388,-78.180297],"lat":[37.963307,37.963577,37.963637,37.963966,37.964087,37.964158,37.964175,37.964175,37.964142,37.964339,37.964586,37.964663,37.964883,37.965047,37.965152,37.965294,37.965437,37.96569,37.965794,37.965992,37.966486,37.966552,37.96687,37.966947,37.967002,37.967029,37.967095,37.967172,37.967199,37.967315,37.967364,37.967386,37.967408,37.96743,37.96749,37.967655,37.96782,37.968006,37.96805,37.968215,37.968281,37.968528,37.968616,37.968736,37.96895,37.96906,37.969302,37.969499,37.96956,37.969664,37.969971,37.970455,37.970542,37.970586,37.970597,37.970608,37.970625,37.970723,37.970971,37.971031,37.971069,37.971174,37.971196,37.971229,37.971388,37.971574,37.971624,37.971695,37.971739,37.971767,37.971827,37.971926,37.972041,37.972123,37.972151,37.972173,37.9722,37.972178,37.972189,37.972211,37.972261,37.97231,37.972617,37.972727,37.972881,37.972925,37.972958,37.973046,37.973078,37.973122,37.973183,37.973583,37.973638,37.973759,37.973869,37.973962,37.974237,37.974346,37.974714,37.974857,37.975236,37.975296,37.975653,37.975774,37.975817,37.975894,37.975971,37.976224,37.976317,37.976504,37.976734,37.976822,37.976915,37.976981,37.977184,37.977382,37.977437,37.977547,37.977585,37.977805,37.977849,37.977892,37.977997,37.978249,37.978304,37.978343,37.978386,37.978447,37.978683,37.978979,37.9791,37.979127,37.979133,37.979116,37.9791,37.979094,37.979166,37.979363,37.979396,37.979418,37.979423,37.979407,37.979412,37.979434,37.979478,37.97956,37.979637,37.97984,37.979955,37.980169,37.980345,37.980888,37.980993,37.981064,37.981145,37.981217,37.981267,37.98131,37.981343,37.981409,37.981414,37.981403,37.981381,37.981266,37.981216,37.981041,37.981013,37.980942,37.980942,37.980953,37.981095,37.98115,37.981232,37.981331,37.981353,37.981358,37.981347,37.981303,37.981577,37.981643,37.98172,37.981781,37.981989,37.982236,37.982362,37.982445,37.982538,37.982719,37.982785,37.982906,37.98334,37.98357,37.983697,37.983883,37.98401,37.984125,37.984196,37.984257,37.984322,37.984377,37.98441,37.98447,37.984558,37.984695,37.984767,37.984789,37.984838,37.984838,37.984827,37.984717,37.984695,37.984684,37.984695,37.984722,37.984783,37.984854,37.984898,37.984958,37.985128,37.985287,37.985309,37.985392,37.985485,37.985518,37.985562,37.98582,37.985891,37.986028,37.986286,37.986445,37.986489,37.986528,37.986577,37.986654,37.986928,37.987005,37.987181,37.98723,37.987269,37.987296,37.98739,37.987428,37.987499,37.987637,37.987697,37.987884,37.987972,37.988268,37.98874,37.988844,37.989003,37.989184,37.98925,37.989651,37.989695,37.989728,37.989832,37.989876,37.990101,37.990194,37.990397,37.990463,37.990721,37.990781,37.990935,37.991127,37.991248,37.991544,37.991791,37.991917,37.992032,37.99212,37.99246,37.992509,37.992548,37.992553,37.992542,37.992526,37.992476,37.992212,37.99202,37.991916,37.991811,37.991624,37.991608,37.991597,37.991591,37.991558,37.991607,37.99164,37.991695,37.99175,37.991739,37.991607,37.991601,37.991607,37.991766,37.991793,37.991903,37.991964,37.992035,37.992084,37.992166,37.992249,37.992331,37.992402,37.99271,37.992776,37.992842,37.992902,37.992968,37.993127,37.99322,37.993308,37.993357,37.993385,37.99339,37.993385,37.993313,37.993143,37.993087,37.993076,37.993114,37.993136,37.993317,37.993416,37.993504,37.993646,37.993641,37.993553,37.993542,37.993542,37.993492,37.993481,37.993492,37.993503,37.993651,37.993689,37.993711,37.993727,37.99376,37.993913,37.994232,37.994287,37.994336,37.99438,37.994418,37.994467,37.994517,37.994594,37.994698,37.994758,37.99479,37.994823,37.994911,37.995048,37.995585,37.996102,37.996082,37.995304,37.994712,37.993956,37.993752,37.993684,37.99372,37.994554,37.994915,37.995288,37.996298,37.996488,37.996527,37.996483,37.996087,37.995973,37.99586,37.995597,37.99558,37.995761,37.995763,37.995436,37.995302,37.994714,37.993281,37.99304,37.992943,37.992905,37.992734,37.992622,37.992437,37.992179,37.991245,37.990551,37.990114,37.989782,37.989597,37.988562,37.988221,37.988047,37.988148,37.988711,37.988876,37.989033,37.989194,37.989234,37.989207,37.988815,37.988798,37.988836,37.98887,37.988984,37.988892,37.988997,37.988861,37.988741,37.988577,37.988354,37.988159,37.987667,37.987296,37.986641,37.986191,37.986026,37.985674,37.985224,37.985087,37.985064,37.985097,37.985297,37.985739,37.985955,37.986127,37.986436,37.987193,37.987433,37.987559,37.987668,37.987705,37.987479,37.987487,37.987421,37.987463,37.987581,37.988331,37.988566,37.988691,37.988832,37.988984,37.988988,37.988879,37.988361,37.98792,37.987411,37.987391,37.98751,37.987519,37.987398,37.98727,37.987243,37.987124,37.986554,37.986136,37.98599,37.985909,37.985755,37.985611,37.985097,37.984999,37.985032,37.985237,37.986765,37.987357,37.987915,37.988545,37.98885,37.989101,37.989194,37.989084,37.988887,37.988713,37.9884,37.988316,37.988246,37.988256,37.988385,37.98844,37.988451,37.988415,37.988243,37.987991,37.987988,37.988075,37.988084,37.988001,37.987845,37.987742,37.987475,37.987054,37.986665,37.986212,37.985965,37.985882,37.985318,37.985003,37.984886,37.984705,37.984439,37.984432,37.984482,37.984734,37.986377,37.986504,37.986548,37.986523,37.986396,37.986272,37.986055,37.98561,37.985207,37.984988,37.984433,37.984359,37.983973,37.983847,37.983612,37.983109,37.9831,37.982669,37.982547,37.982032,37.981932,37.98196,37.982111,37.982211,37.982379,37.982437,37.982366,37.982138,37.981821,37.980139,37.979495,37.978577,37.978397,37.978264,37.978148,37.978235,37.97851,37.978726,37.978884,37.979128,37.979351,37.979768,37.980241,37.980518,37.981123,37.981216,37.981277,37.981437,37.981504,37.981356,37.980885,37.980682,37.980479,37.980391,37.980419,37.980601,37.980604,37.980522,37.980529,37.980614,37.980902,37.981678,37.981918,37.982127,37.982439,37.982481,37.982472,37.982532,37.982488,37.982641,37.982656,37.982592,37.982464,37.981853,37.980588,37.980173,37.979896,37.978101,37.977284,37.9758,37.97478,37.973742,37.973328,37.972559,37.972076,37.971654,37.971528,37.971677,37.971706,37.971453,37.971384,37.971051,37.970991,37.971154,37.971387,37.971395,37.971574,37.971758,37.972255,37.972421,37.973042,37.973599,37.973864,37.973987,37.974112,37.974385,37.974666,37.974804,37.974828,37.97479,37.974694,37.974432,37.974296,37.973988,37.972977,37.972784,37.972455,37.972252,37.971784,37.971227,37.970921,37.970417,37.969961,37.969624,37.969304,37.969075,37.968903,37.968826,37.968629,37.967963,37.967726,37.967346,37.966594,37.966475,37.966428,37.966518,37.966652,37.966652,37.966077,37.966023,37.965815,37.965468,37.964781,37.964408,37.964096,37.9634,37.963316,37.963304,37.963224,37.962809,37.96232,37.961971,37.961726,37.961501,37.959602,37.95937,37.959291,37.95922,37.959005,37.958708,37.958114,37.957875,37.95777,37.95765,37.957575,37.957634,37.957421,37.95708,37.956949,37.956822,37.956717,37.956437,37.956191,37.956014,37.956008,37.956125,37.956528,37.956766,37.956797,37.95671,37.956587,37.956402,37.956384,37.956309,37.956291,37.956448,37.956578,37.956655,37.956775,37.956815,37.956697,37.95672,37.956898,37.957196,37.957408,37.957555,37.958147,37.959476,37.959605,37.959853,37.960188,37.960254,37.960249,37.960012,37.959785,37.959893,37.959881,37.959732,37.958875,37.958018,37.956789,37.95626,37.955757,37.955451,37.954985,37.954298,37.954159,37.953973,37.953949,37.954077,37.954208,37.95454,37.954964,37.955317,37.955521,37.9562,37.957209,37.957479,37.958294,37.958573,37.959541,37.960016,37.9601,37.960024,37.959871,37.959309,37.958924,37.958799,37.95853,37.958345,37.958106,37.957682,37.957089,37.956405,37.956105,37.955542,37.955343,37.955192,37.955035,37.954738,37.954693,37.95453,37.954168,37.953626,37.952468,37.952175,37.952011,37.951729,37.950819,37.950551,37.950217,37.949494,37.947863,37.946623,37.944694,37.944014,37.943561,37.943205,37.941233,37.940299,37.939734,37.939313,37.938602,37.938152,37.937875,37.937488,37.93656,37.936314,37.936181,37.936164,37.936256,37.936435,37.937013,37.937231,37.937397,37.937464,37.937436,37.937276,37.936854,37.936839,37.93689,37.937339,37.937645,37.937848,37.938346,37.938488,37.938601,37.93858,37.938193,37.938126,37.938164,37.938288,37.938599,37.939041,37.939263,37.939898,37.940881,37.942106,37.942229,37.944215,37.944605,37.944821,37.944909,37.944964,37.945011,37.945105,37.94545,37.945556,37.945566,37.945504,37.945538,37.945455,37.945341,37.944757,37.944622,37.944447,37.944304,37.944395,37.944313,37.943058,37.94279,37.942193,37.942028,37.941877,37.941728,37.94166,37.941424,37.940977,37.940613,37.940054,37.939669,37.939378,37.938682,37.937851,37.937661,37.937041,37.93638,37.93594,37.935495,37.935321,37.935109,37.934705,37.934319,37.933789,37.93318,37.933112,37.933057,37.93293,37.932805,37.932749,37.932791,37.933185,37.933417,37.933479,37.93347,37.933403,37.933166,37.932382,37.932179,37.932039,37.931565,37.93128,37.930782,37.930494,37.930176,37.929862,37.928329,37.928113,37.927511,37.927342,37.927295,37.927354,37.927481,37.927954,37.928235,37.928495,37.928528,37.928435,37.927736,37.927666,37.927608,37.927633,37.927435,37.927291,37.926546,37.925841,37.925207,37.924765,37.924681,37.924509,37.924072,37.923844,37.923724,37.923521,37.923326,37.92312,37.922713,37.92247,37.922139,37.921426,37.920595,37.919954,37.919708,37.91958,37.919496,37.919488,37.919623,37.920222,37.920437,37.920585,37.920542,37.920302,37.9197,37.919284,37.918414,37.918035,37.91786,37.91775,37.917526,37.917346,37.917122,37.916952,37.916817,37.916327,37.916095,37.915902,37.91577,37.915514,37.91538,37.915298,37.915233,37.915134,37.914459,37.914433,37.913909,37.91293,37.910936,37.910239,37.910079,37.909904,37.909535,37.909492,37.90968,37.909742,37.909767,37.909729,37.909782,37.910468,37.910773,37.91091,37.911343,37.911421,37.91132,37.910938,37.910697,37.910448,37.910272,37.91021,37.910194,37.910267,37.910507,37.910529,37.910242,37.909691,37.908369,37.908095,37.908074,37.908103,37.908195,37.908629,37.908876,37.909168,37.909317,37.909687,37.910425,37.910517,37.910517,37.910431,37.910262,37.910019,37.909785,37.909547,37.909349,37.909087,37.908772,37.908104,37.906962,37.906176,37.905965,37.905686,37.904842,37.903686,37.902039,37.901831,37.901785,37.901803,37.901962,37.901928,37.901844,37.901563,37.900348,37.900185,37.900054,37.899846,37.899698,37.898926,37.898683,37.898414,37.898132,37.89769,37.897443,37.897173,37.896761,37.896376,37.896089,37.895606,37.895514,37.895274,37.895083,37.894977,37.894757,37.894474,37.894152,37.893374,37.893128,37.892568,37.892432,37.892223,37.892101,37.892058,37.892135,37.892415,37.892497,37.892444,37.892475,37.892425,37.892587,37.892865,37.893151,37.89332,37.89408,37.894855,37.895271,37.895658,37.895909,37.896071,37.896153,37.896131,37.895652,37.895602,37.895205,37.894539,37.894309,37.893866,37.893632,37.893515,37.893221,37.892829,37.892394,37.891821,37.891419,37.891004,37.890493,37.890241,37.88991,37.889781,37.889655,37.889319,37.889125,37.888968,37.888808,37.888344,37.887892,37.887758,37.887377,37.887066,37.886924,37.88686,37.886802,37.886739,37.886698,37.886569,37.886198,37.885994,37.885826,37.885756,37.885638,37.885603,37.885513,37.885477,37.885455,37.885409,37.885333,37.885299,37.885252,37.885045,37.884823,37.884778,37.884696,37.884281,37.88404,37.884049,37.884144,37.884255,37.884398,37.884547,37.884655,37.884728,37.885231,37.885362,37.885455,37.885494,37.885524,37.885533,37.885526,37.8855,37.885435,37.885402,37.885373,37.885307,37.885276,37.885199,37.885131,37.885086,37.885041,37.885017,37.885017,37.885021,37.885053,37.885054,37.885068,37.885182,37.885189,37.885182,37.885168,37.885136,37.885091,37.885033,37.8849,37.884458,37.884208,37.884143,37.88405,37.883975,37.883923,37.883895,37.883887,37.883891,37.883907,37.883938,37.883978,37.884218,37.884415,37.88447,37.884551,37.88467,37.884769,37.884841,37.884914,37.885013,37.885181,37.885482,37.884535,37.884249,37.884172,37.883894,37.883479,37.883113,37.883016,37.882906,37.882599,37.882508,37.882466,37.882207,37.881861,37.881695,37.881601,37.881475,37.881119,37.880897,37.880758,37.880546,37.880432,37.880284,37.879976,37.879815,37.879537,37.879419,37.879369,37.879234,37.878833,37.878769,37.878655,37.878584,37.878488,37.878361,37.878236,37.878054,37.877879,37.877775,37.877644,37.877325,37.876927,37.876712,37.876359,37.875985,37.875644,37.875526,37.875444,37.875275,37.875183,37.874963,37.874892,37.874641,37.87454,37.874281,37.874188,37.874063,37.873744,37.873634,37.873417,37.873354,37.873164,37.872533,37.872434,37.87234,37.872268,37.872003,37.871941,37.871888,37.871827,37.871736,37.871728,37.871537,37.871511,37.871452,37.871417,37.8714,37.871395,37.8714,37.871415,37.871456,37.871507,37.871677,37.871756,37.871794,37.87189,37.871945,37.871965,37.872025,37.872042,37.872044,37.872021,37.872006,37.871977,37.871934,37.871643,37.871568,37.871518,37.871483,37.871423,37.871413,37.871387,37.871372,37.871332,37.871272,37.871175,37.871053,37.870982,37.870898,37.870812,37.870499,37.870209,37.870039,37.869908,37.86977,37.869641,37.869473,37.869363,37.869275,37.869202,37.86918,37.868885,37.868843,37.86872,37.868691,37.868667,37.868657,37.868634,37.868614,37.868489,37.868405,37.868288,37.868225,37.868163,37.868072,37.867876,37.867546,37.867409,37.867296,37.867091,37.866995,37.866914,37.866751,37.866608,37.866586,37.866498,37.866556,37.866714,37.866838,37.867384,37.867945,37.86807,37.86812,37.868574,37.868585,37.868601,37.868655,37.870384,37.871156,37.871236,37.872704,37.872719,37.872761,37.872968,37.873055,37.873277,37.873858,37.87389,37.874811,37.874977,37.875002,37.875032,37.875106,37.875216,37.87534,37.875394,37.875444,37.875466,37.875504,37.875543,37.875719,37.875745,37.875771,37.875797,37.875835,37.875932,37.875969,37.87602,37.87606,37.8761,37.876127,37.876142,37.876159,37.876176,37.876191,37.876205,37.876216,37.876222,37.876239,37.876414,37.876802,37.877226,37.877538,37.87867,37.878972,37.879139,37.879213,37.879465,37.880604,37.881207,37.881941,37.882123,37.882182,37.882444,37.882479,37.882547,37.884028,37.884162,37.884217,37.885186,37.885372,37.885436,37.885496,37.885632,37.885814,37.885843,37.885969,37.886784,37.886816,37.88684,37.887481,37.887699,37.887997,37.888063,37.888283,37.888491,37.888562,37.888592,37.889109,37.889494,37.889538,37.891398,37.891519,37.891356,37.89132,37.891304,37.891181,37.890968,37.890959,37.890968,37.891614,37.89252,37.892778,37.892916,37.893731,37.89384,37.893861,37.893919,37.895419,37.895311,37.895292,37.895077,37.894944,37.89467,37.894699,37.894914,37.895372,37.896224,37.896577,37.897299,37.897625,37.89811,37.898445,37.898804,37.898901,37.899053,37.8993,37.899535,37.89978,37.90002,37.900257,37.900511,37.900818,37.901117,37.901522,37.901643,37.901688,37.90232,37.902817,37.902961,37.903443,37.903503,37.904055,37.904113,37.904848,37.904325,37.903839,37.904093,37.904149,37.904325,37.905011,37.905108,37.905328,37.905616,37.905831,37.905849,37.905858,37.905925,37.907355,37.908345,37.908467,37.908672,37.908707,37.909005,37.909347,37.909699,37.909803,37.909797,37.91014,37.910268,37.910713,37.911776,37.912089,37.912902,37.912907,37.9162,37.91636,37.916408,37.916576,37.916597,37.916928,37.917467,37.917946,37.91797,37.917969,37.920236,37.922154,37.922186,37.922572,37.923789,37.925665,37.925996,37.926077,37.926082,37.926092,37.926103,37.926162,37.926503,37.929103,37.929113,37.929291,37.929396,37.929441,37.929447,37.929452,37.929542,37.929548,37.929941,37.930441,37.930941,37.931441,37.931842,37.932341,37.932406,37.932941,37.933742,37.93464,37.93554,37.935573,37.935578,37.93624,37.936793,37.93714,37.93804,37.938741,37.93896,37.939277,37.93954,37.940081,37.94034,37.940829,37.940942,37.941346,37.941355,37.941589,37.94369,37.944882,37.944986,37.946333,37.946787,37.94691,37.947717,37.948749,37.949878,37.949888,37.949932,37.950196,37.95021,37.950268,37.95034,37.950631,37.95083,37.950978,37.951263,37.951465,37.951487,37.951572,37.951694,37.951819,37.952035,37.952558,37.952746,37.952793,37.952819,37.952944,37.953019,37.953085,37.953148,37.953214,37.953286,37.953364,37.953447,37.953581,37.953681,37.953784,37.953915,37.954091,37.954214,37.954761,37.954991,37.955153,37.955458,37.955628,37.956408,37.956686,37.957081,37.957463,37.957909,37.958227,37.95838,37.958662,37.959043,37.95929,37.959426,37.959512,37.959621,37.959635,37.959768,37.959888,37.960033,37.960389,37.960634,37.96073,37.960884,37.961392,37.961862,37.96204,37.962301,37.962391,37.962699,37.963259,37.963307]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.094118,-78.094107,-78.094071,-78.09398,-78.09346,-78.093051,-78.093002,-78.092908,-78.092785,-78.092762,-78.092723,-78.092585,-78.092244,-78.091655,-78.091427,-78.091269,-78.091024,-78.090918,-78.090861,-78.090662,-78.090533,-78.090391,-78.090237,-78.090123,-78.08988,-78.088528,-78.088364,-78.08821,-78.088063,-78.087997,-78.087877,-78.087738,-78.087606,-78.087164,-78.087015,-78.086756,-78.086458,-78.085983,-78.085634,-78.085503,-78.08523,-78.085022,-78.084616,-78.084592,-78.084482,-78.084388,-78.084311,-78.084288,-78.084273,-78.084238,-78.084209,-78.084201,-78.084206,-78.08422,-78.084374,-78.084404,-78.084423,-78.084463,-78.0845,-78.084525,-78.084631,-78.084814,-78.084843,-78.084914,-78.084968,-78.084984,-78.084991,-78.085016,-78.085024,-78.085055,-78.085056,-78.085056,-78.085035,-78.085028,-78.085063,-78.085124,-78.085198,-78.085316,-78.085335,-78.08538,-78.085436,-78.085457,-78.085486,-78.085545,-78.085541,-78.085337,-78.084778,-78.084204,-78.083462,-78.0829,-78.082232,-78.081618,-78.081076,-78.080354,-78.080196,-78.080045,-78.079989,-78.079851,-78.07975,-78.079489,-78.078863,-78.078453,-78.078203,-78.078183,-78.078174,-78.078178,-78.077308,-78.076271,-78.07571,-78.075364,-78.073661,-78.073043,-78.072703,-78.071212,-78.070944,-78.070645,-78.070397,-78.070146,-78.069014,-78.068181,-78.06671,-78.066164,-78.065832,-78.065564,-78.06531,-78.064849,-78.064017,-78.063872,-78.063761,-78.063624,-78.063522,-78.063451,-78.06328,-78.06295,-78.062647,-78.062215,-78.061586,-78.060484,-78.060407,-78.060253,-78.060096,-78.059948,-78.059819,-78.059726,-78.059392,-78.059256,-78.05877,-78.058715,-78.058657,-78.05863,-78.058614,-78.05861,-78.058736,-78.058808,-78.058859,-78.058929,-78.058998,-78.059123,-78.059225,-78.059611,-78.059706,-78.059766,-78.059809,-78.05984,-78.059854,-78.059856,-78.05987,-78.059861,-78.059837,-78.059792,-78.059743,-78.059666,-78.059366,-78.058937,-78.05825,-78.058024,-78.057945,-78.057883,-78.057787,-78.057697,-78.057549,-78.057437,-78.057374,-78.057245,-78.057015,-78.056627,-78.056451,-78.056294,-78.056155,-78.055679,-78.055572,-78.055522,-78.055489,-78.055473,-78.055473,-78.055485,-78.055501,-78.055573,-78.055645,-78.055677,-78.05584,-78.055901,-78.055938,-78.05596,-78.055965,-78.055949,-78.055934,-78.055889,-78.055829,-78.055752,-78.055393,-78.055329,-78.055282,-78.055254,-78.055245,-78.055266,-78.055321,-78.055347,-78.055426,-78.055581,-78.055625,-78.055651,-78.05566,-78.055656,-78.055596,-78.055517,-78.055341,-78.055244,-78.055149,-78.055105,-78.055064,-78.054997,-78.05489,-78.054793,-78.054631,-78.054511,-78.054148,-78.053769,-78.053539,-78.053491,-78.053299,-78.053123,-78.052962,-78.052908,-78.052794,-78.052714,-78.05263,-78.052551,-78.052364,-78.052171,-78.052083,-78.051969,-78.051595,-78.051432,-78.0512,-78.051056,-78.050931,-78.050814,-78.05074,-78.050644,-78.050621,-78.050563,-78.050344,-78.04997,-78.049518,-78.049457,-78.049305,-78.049136,-78.049069,-78.048876,-78.048377,-78.047993,-78.047597,-78.047397,-78.047354,-78.047271,-78.046807,-78.046396,-78.046194,-78.045943,-78.045836,-78.045718,-78.045541,-78.045115,-78.044834,-78.04449,-78.044189,-78.044099,-78.043979,-78.043881,-78.043827,-78.043326,-78.042962,-78.042657,-78.042422,-78.042184,-78.041798,-78.041371,-78.041038,-78.040242,-78.039656,-78.039413,-78.038975,-78.038668,-78.038593,-78.038457,-78.038115,-78.037909,-78.037788,-78.037422,-78.037044,-78.036771,-78.036417,-78.03553,-78.035308,-78.035083,-78.034903,-78.034739,-78.034446,-78.033868,-78.033759,-78.033544,-78.033284,-78.032705,-78.03155,-78.031199,-78.031106,-78.030768,-78.029971,-78.029297,-78.029058,-78.028875,-78.028535,-78.027613,-78.027199,-78.026895,-78.026033,-78.025808,-78.025508,-78.025277,-78.0247,-78.024301,-78.023912,-78.023132,-78.022348,-78.02184,-78.021435,-78.021164,-78.020882,-78.02067,-78.01938,-78.018271,-78.017516,-78.017139,-78.0169,-78.016629,-78.016426,-78.016271,-78.016022,-78.015925,-78.015599,-78.015337,-78.015151,-78.014226,-78.013839,-78.013594,-78.013411,-78.013239,-78.013036,-78.012682,-78.012386,-78.012205,-78.012014,-78.011855,-78.010935,-78.010302,-78.010132,-78.010013,-78.009889,-78.009714,-78.009609,-78.009222,-78.008984,-78.008799,-78.008656,-78.008111,-78.007815,-78.007327,-78.006876,-78.006688,-78.006406,-78.005959,-78.005486,-78.004831,-78.004401,-78.004231,-78.003609,-78.002564,-78.001665,-78.000986,-78.000121,-77.99977,-77.999429,-77.999097,-77.998999,-77.998905,-77.998854,-77.998776,-77.99869,-77.998545,-77.99845,-77.996493,-77.996074,-77.995924,-77.995714,-77.995569,-77.995462,-77.995342,-77.995008,-77.994733,-77.994634,-77.994517,-77.993726,-77.993362,-77.993073,-77.992777,-77.992675,-77.992429,-77.992294,-77.992052,-77.991651,-77.991305,-77.990956,-77.99019,-77.989669,-77.989309,-77.988942,-77.988695,-77.987994,-77.987797,-77.987319,-77.985864,-77.985567,-77.985288,-77.984988,-77.984747,-77.984179,-77.983977,-77.983503,-77.983295,-77.983091,-77.982912,-77.982742,-77.982382,-77.982198,-77.981796,-77.981669,-77.981152,-77.980372,-77.979985,-77.979346,-77.978991,-77.978803,-77.97856,-77.978301,-77.978149,-77.978086,-77.977798,-77.977351,-77.977,-77.976721,-77.976248,-77.975886,-77.975311,-77.974923,-77.973256,-77.973057,-77.972899,-77.972728,-77.972146,-77.971639,-77.971434,-77.971226,-77.970921,-77.970728,-77.97048,-77.970216,-77.969838,-77.969251,-77.968906,-77.96832,-77.965473,-77.965256,-77.964934,-77.964767,-77.964645,-77.964412,-77.964253,-77.963953,-77.963634,-77.963491,-77.96319,-77.962989,-77.962724,-77.962497,-77.962389,-77.962212,-77.962077,-77.961735,-77.961679,-77.961322,-77.961115,-77.961054,-77.960966,-77.960747,-77.960679,-77.960535,-77.96033,-77.960202,-77.960083,-77.959959,-77.959758,-77.959242,-77.958947,-77.958696,-77.958546,-77.958064,-77.957402,-77.956996,-77.956086,-77.95566,-77.955195,-77.954831,-77.954777,-77.954371,-77.954072,-77.953832,-77.953655,-77.953211,-77.952785,-77.952577,-77.95229,-77.95161,-77.951401,-77.951167,-77.95105,-77.950116,-77.94999,-77.949599,-77.949085,-77.948777,-77.948547,-77.948222,-77.947744,-77.947489,-77.946743,-77.94638,-77.946182,-77.945672,-77.94518,-77.94497,-77.944779,-77.944611,-77.944061,-77.943841,-77.943264,-77.943038,-77.942908,-77.942739,-77.9426,-77.942443,-77.942237,-77.941971,-77.941666,-77.941363,-77.940968,-77.940653,-77.940244,-77.939907,-77.939725,-77.939589,-77.93956,-77.939171,-77.938801,-77.93855,-77.938219,-77.937725,-77.937398,-77.936818,-77.936134,-77.935584,-77.935523,-77.935388,-77.935127,-77.934867,-77.934355,-77.934027,-77.933761,-77.93366,-77.933293,-77.932975,-77.932723,-77.93249,-77.932262,-77.932031,-77.931608,-77.930814,-77.929878,-77.929599,-77.929445,-77.928914,-77.928522,-77.92832,-77.928242,-77.928035,-77.92776,-77.927588,-77.927478,-77.927113,-77.92686,-77.9266,-77.926092,-77.925609,-77.924749,-77.924244,-77.923992,-77.923711,-77.923622,-77.923551,-77.923473,-77.923657,-77.92418,-77.924479,-77.926522,-77.926627,-77.926718,-77.926806,-77.926937,-77.92752,-77.927596,-77.927632,-77.927683,-77.927742,-77.927802,-77.928046,-77.928379,-77.928842,-77.929332,-77.929553,-77.929615,-77.929689,-77.929776,-77.929963,-77.9301,-77.930317,-77.930797,-77.930895,-77.931026,-77.931165,-77.931264,-77.931438,-77.931628,-77.931783,-77.93213,-77.932243,-77.932426,-77.932539,-77.932597,-77.932693,-77.932766,-77.932867,-77.932898,-77.932963,-77.933051,-77.933156,-77.933402,-77.934242,-77.934512,-77.93483,-77.935342,-77.935684,-77.936007,-77.936173,-77.936321,-77.936428,-77.936522,-77.936659,-77.936944,-77.937158,-77.937307,-77.937455,-77.937579,-77.93785,-77.937964,-77.938234,-77.938364,-77.938503,-77.938615,-77.938724,-77.939008,-77.939112,-77.939241,-77.939359,-77.939704,-77.940246,-77.940627,-77.940975,-77.941637,-77.941965,-77.942697,-77.943006,-77.943806,-77.943939,-77.944052,-77.944203,-77.944516,-77.944737,-77.944959,-77.945201,-77.945942,-77.946256,-77.946473,-77.9468,-77.946905,-77.947192,-77.947353,-77.947581,-77.947756,-77.947935,-77.948058,-77.948229,-77.948318,-77.948411,-77.948497,-77.94857,-77.948669,-77.948868,-77.948971,-77.949104,-77.94933,-77.949596,-77.949811,-77.950017,-77.950086,-77.950319,-77.950434,-77.950499,-77.95058,-77.95068,-77.950741,-77.95085,-77.950865,-77.950949,-77.951056,-77.951061,-77.951086,-77.951143,-77.95116,-77.951206,-77.951276,-77.951306,-77.951378,-77.951623,-77.951743,-77.951934,-77.951978,-77.952014,-77.952168,-77.952376,-77.952482,-77.952565,-77.952654,-77.952724,-77.952824,-77.952859,-77.952963,-77.95313,-77.953341,-77.953822,-77.954049,-77.954141,-77.954241,-77.95435,-77.954459,-77.954702,-77.954954,-77.955228,-77.955753,-77.956094,-77.956395,-77.956444,-77.956482,-77.956573,-77.956616,-77.956656,-77.956704,-77.956804,-77.956841,-77.956901,-77.956953,-77.956973,-77.957116,-77.957188,-77.957215,-77.957243,-77.957275,-77.957325,-77.957384,-77.957479,-77.957567,-77.957614,-77.95771,-77.958181,-77.958354,-77.958588,-77.958766,-77.959084,-77.959279,-77.959517,-77.960029,-77.960707,-77.960941,-77.961065,-77.96118,-77.961252,-77.961288,-77.961314,-77.961312,-77.961305,-77.961285,-77.961244,-77.960857,-77.960824,-77.960689,-77.960609,-77.960509,-77.96034,-77.960141,-77.960049,-77.959987,-77.959948,-77.959926,-77.959854,-77.959823,-77.959663,-77.959573,-77.959421,-77.959361,-77.959338,-77.958968,-77.958886,-77.958612,-77.958479,-77.958368,-77.958069,-77.958017,-77.957969,-77.957898,-77.95787,-77.957727,-77.957641,-77.957627,-77.95758,-77.957521,-77.957462,-77.957382,-77.957227,-77.957131,-77.957091,-77.956978,-77.957464,-77.958216,-77.958173,-77.958125,-77.958099,-77.958045,-77.957988,-77.957933,-77.957749,-77.957709,-77.957691,-77.957653,-77.957597,-77.957508,-77.957435,-77.957302,-77.957164,-77.957121,-77.956955,-77.956885,-77.95684,-77.956805,-77.956797,-77.956808,-77.956836,-77.956882,-77.956931,-77.957228,-77.9575,-77.957625,-77.957885,-77.958047,-77.958156,-77.958243,-77.958425,-77.958745,-77.958987,-77.959288,-77.959602,-77.959816,-77.959991,-77.960216,-77.960448,-77.960638,-77.961033,-77.961426,-77.961782,-77.962109,-77.962181,-77.962355,-77.96252,-77.962655,-77.962781,-77.962937,-77.963085,-77.963444,-77.963895,-77.964124,-77.964243,-77.964341,-77.964438,-77.964583,-77.964621,-77.96467,-77.964677,-77.964701,-77.964707,-77.964691,-77.964629,-77.964503,-77.964484,-77.964485,-77.964499,-77.964559,-77.964605,-77.964671,-77.964782,-77.964946,-77.965308,-77.965514,-77.965642,-77.965739,-77.965856,-77.965946,-77.966139,-77.96619,-77.966257,-77.966399,-77.966543,-77.966756,-77.966948,-77.967106,-77.967294,-77.967417,-77.967594,-77.967717,-77.967821,-77.96954,-77.969726,-77.969856,-77.970037,-77.970814,-77.97101,-77.971159,-77.971262,-77.971443,-77.971629,-77.971799,-77.971961,-77.972138,-77.972311,-77.972506,-77.972597,-77.972656,-77.972693,-77.972707,-77.972703,-77.972662,-77.972648,-77.972652,-77.972674,-77.972689,-77.972748,-77.972784,-77.972816,-77.972865,-77.972894,-77.972995,-77.97309,-77.973228,-77.97326,-77.973305,-77.973366,-77.973411,-77.973435,-77.973466,-77.973471,-77.973457,-77.973448,-77.973425,-77.973332,-77.973011,-77.973004,-77.972818,-77.972726,-77.972611,-77.972499,-77.972349,-77.972167,-77.972038,-77.971925,-77.971846,-77.971795,-77.9717,-77.971636,-77.971596,-77.971486,-77.971226,-77.971167,-77.97111,-77.971074,-77.971058,-77.971061,-77.971095,-77.971107,-77.971156,-77.971154,-77.971136,-77.971101,-77.970942,-77.970842,-77.970727,-77.970636,-77.970561,-77.970174,-77.970059,-77.969998,-77.969938,-77.969896,-77.969872,-77.969866,-77.969863,-77.969848,-77.969806,-77.9698,-77.969799,-77.969771,-77.969747,-77.969694,-77.969619,-77.969521,-77.969448,-77.969325,-77.969146,-77.969054,-77.968904,-77.968757,-77.968214,-77.967634,-77.967163,-77.966673,-77.966519,-77.966375,-77.966316,-77.966167,-77.966033,-77.965396,-77.964793,-77.964463,-77.964002,-77.963937,-77.963882,-77.963857,-77.963851,-77.963862,-77.963874,-77.963972,-77.964129,-77.964301,-77.964536,-77.964832,-77.964895,-77.964933,-77.964956,-77.964949,-77.964948,-77.964935,-77.964942,-77.964974,-77.965031,-77.965113,-77.965198,-77.96537,-77.965413,-77.965461,-77.965554,-77.96562,-77.965655,-77.965702,-77.965736,-77.96577,-77.965797,-77.9658,-77.965807,-77.965799,-77.965696,-77.96568,-77.965682,-77.965696,-77.965729,-77.965856,-77.965955,-77.966073,-77.966202,-77.966486,-77.966969,-77.967137,-77.967269,-77.967335,-77.967357,-77.967372,-77.967377,-77.967368,-77.967405,-77.967478,-77.967499,-77.967563,-77.967623,-77.967687,-77.96775,-77.967817,-77.967866,-77.967896,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967891,-77.967895,-77.967922,-77.967966,-77.968207,-77.968297,-77.968335,-77.968391,-77.968419,-77.968428,-77.968362,-77.968331,-77.968341,-77.968362,-77.968373,-77.968503,-77.968575,-77.968835,-77.968866,-77.968956,-77.968981,-77.968997,-77.968994,-77.968973,-77.968855,-77.968597,-77.968366,-77.968307,-77.968198,-77.96805,-77.967916,-77.967466,-77.96698,-77.96629,-77.965848,-77.965376,-77.965252,-77.964999,-77.964501,-77.9643,-77.96401,-77.963804,-77.963529,-77.963453,-77.963414,-77.963315,-77.963236,-77.962992,-77.962292,-77.961407,-77.960457,-77.959875,-77.958958,-77.958723,-77.958663,-77.958482,-77.958285,-77.957841,-77.957417,-77.956863,-77.95636,-77.955961,-77.955661,-77.955386,-77.954969,-77.954561,-77.954111,-77.953794,-77.953548,-77.95325,-77.953093,-77.952884,-77.952409,-77.952053,-77.951686,-77.951754,-77.951907,-77.952087,-77.952187,-77.952297,-77.95254,-77.952678,-77.952789,-77.952811,-77.952977,-77.953104,-77.953277,-77.953606,-77.954405,-77.954753,-77.955367,-77.955851,-77.95606,-77.95611,-77.956202,-77.95645,-77.956565,-77.956839,-77.957592,-77.958135,-77.95973,-77.961072,-77.961297,-77.961414,-77.96155,-77.961611,-77.96165,-77.961738,-77.961808,-77.961862,-77.961902,-77.961954,-77.961949,-77.961938,-77.961931,-77.961867,-77.961842,-77.96182,-77.961755,-77.961735,-77.961726,-77.961725,-77.96174,-77.96178,-77.961913,-77.961959,-77.961974,-77.962507,-77.962821,-77.963682,-77.964172,-77.96457,-77.964983,-77.965475,-77.966236,-77.967089,-77.967261,-77.967474,-77.967679,-77.967732,-77.967872,-77.967924,-77.968299,-77.968744,-77.969281,-77.969963,-77.970201,-77.970224,-77.970059,-77.969986,-77.970045,-77.969921,-77.969803,-77.969022,-77.968499,-77.968343,-77.968325,-77.968591,-77.969053,-77.968955,-77.969017,-77.96912,-77.96986,-77.970107,-77.970176,-77.97014,-77.970256,-77.971733,-77.971978,-77.973243,-77.973948,-77.974398,-77.974608,-77.974931,-77.974861,-77.974922,-77.975127,-77.975482,-77.975891,-77.976883,-77.978988,-77.980158,-77.981824,-77.982227,-77.982423,-77.982567,-77.982593,-77.982304,-77.982336,-77.982666,-77.982586,-77.982624,-77.982768,-77.983056,-77.983073,-77.983351,-77.983653,-77.98396,-77.98488,-77.985605,-77.986085,-77.986347,-77.986988,-77.987548,-77.989277,-77.991162,-77.991473,-77.991788,-77.994056,-77.994711,-77.995206,-77.995511,-77.995805,-77.995955,-77.996166,-77.996312,-77.996556,-77.996873,-77.997196,-77.997524,-77.998285,-77.998681,-77.998732,-77.99842,-77.998148,-77.998096,-77.998111,-77.998295,-77.998511,-77.998519,-77.998434,-77.998049,-77.996495,-77.995953,-77.995092,-77.994291,-77.994037,-77.993973,-77.99376,-77.993751,-77.993829,-77.994086,-77.994631,-77.995055,-77.995423,-77.995658,-77.9962,-77.996594,-77.997232,-77.997482,-77.997575,-77.997681,-77.997817,-77.998307,-77.998959,-77.999188,-77.999384,-77.999658,-78.0004,-78.00062,-78.001089,-78.001561,-78.001745,-78.00209,-78.002427,-78.002719,-78.002972,-78.003002,-78.002923,-78.002828,-78.002192,-78.001621,-78.001552,-78.001555,-78.001771,-78.002175,-78.002445,-78.002919,-78.003188,-78.003874,-78.004187,-78.005101,-78.005851,-78.006453,-78.00702,-78.007383,-78.007604,-78.008014,-78.00821,-78.008328,-78.008553,-78.009128,-78.009747,-78.010701,-78.011109,-78.011369,-78.011958,-78.012283,-78.012369,-78.012667,-78.012726,-78.012853,-78.013166,-78.013668,-78.01411,-78.014471,-78.014766,-78.015169,-78.015516,-78.015741,-78.016352,-78.016702,-78.016787,-78.016839,-78.016851,-78.01682,-78.016984,-78.017234,-78.017495,-78.018149,-78.018421,-78.018695,-78.018923,-78.019708,-78.020383,-78.021173,-78.021833,-78.021982,-78.02205,-78.022024,-78.022379,-78.022769,-78.023018,-78.023115,-78.023105,-78.022855,-78.022985,-78.023219,-78.023687,-78.023996,-78.024343,-78.024731,-78.026462,-78.026594,-78.026608,-78.026395,-78.025882,-78.025541,-78.025293,-78.02461,-78.02441,-78.023966,-78.023896,-78.023483,-78.023203,-78.023232,-78.022996,-78.022936,-78.021034,-78.020669,-78.020249,-78.019347,-78.019129,-78.019048,-78.019733,-78.01998,-78.020075,-78.020206,-78.020306,-78.020456,-78.021105,-78.021567,-78.02185,-78.021994,-78.022094,-78.022047,-78.021934,-78.021546,-78.021381,-78.021437,-78.021778,-78.021891,-78.021738,-78.021826,-78.022033,-78.022628,-78.022924,-78.023285,-78.023694,-78.024544,-78.025434,-78.026071,-78.026875,-78.027352,-78.027891,-78.02828,-78.029089,-78.029164,-78.02917,-78.029448,-78.029839,-78.029874,-78.030959,-78.031431,-78.031825,-78.032578,-78.033023,-78.033514,-78.033732,-78.034012,-78.034171,-78.034507,-78.034816,-78.034975,-78.035061,-78.035388,-78.03578,-78.036487,-78.036765,-78.037008,-78.036972,-78.036554,-78.035819,-78.035634,-78.035773,-78.036127,-78.036443,-78.036743,-78.036948,-78.037209,-78.037754,-78.03802,-78.038939,-78.039713,-78.040043,-78.040755,-78.04102,-78.041215,-78.04158,-78.0425,-78.045309,-78.046608,-78.047201,-78.047642,-78.048142,-78.048643,-78.050244,-78.051826,-78.052274,-78.053347,-78.05356,-78.053695,-78.054007,-78.053999,-78.053523,-78.052792,-78.052663,-78.052695,-78.052791,-78.053022,-78.053488,-78.053972,-78.054646,-78.055068,-78.055411,-78.056914,-78.057623,-78.059068,-78.059431,-78.059781,-78.060037,-78.060533,-78.060934,-78.061085,-78.061315,-78.061444,-78.061629,-78.062247,-78.062337,-78.063057,-78.063074,-78.06405,-78.06461,-78.065035,-78.067085,-78.067293,-78.068067,-78.068298,-78.068586,-78.068748,-78.068901,-78.069062,-78.069387,-78.069566,-78.069834,-78.070053,-78.071487,-78.071805,-78.071975,-78.072187,-78.072666,-78.073258,-78.073485,-78.073776,-78.074125,-78.074163,-78.074276,-78.074386,-78.074414,-78.074344,-78.074459,-78.074644,-78.075203,-78.075694,-78.075974,-78.07632,-78.076638,-78.077634,-78.079079,-78.079381,-78.079838,-78.080054,-78.080271,-78.080452,-78.080659,-78.080697,-78.080832,-78.080897,-78.080929,-78.080998,-78.081066,-78.081239,-78.081428,-78.081633,-78.081777,-78.081881,-78.082012,-78.082065,-78.082184,-78.082255,-78.082282,-78.082282,-78.082263,-78.082226,-78.082184,-78.082066,-78.08196,-78.081814,-78.081652,-78.081477,-78.081427,-78.081505,-78.08157,-78.08162,-78.081648,-78.081668,-78.081672,-78.081655,-78.081625,-78.081562,-78.081464,-78.081394,-78.081359,-78.081342,-78.081343,-78.081362,-78.081387,-78.081398,-78.081465,-78.08154,-78.081648,-78.081749,-78.081798,-78.081891,-78.082016,-78.083363,-78.083438,-78.083531,-78.083608,-78.084044,-78.084198,-78.084265,-78.0843,-78.08435,-78.0844,-78.084452,-78.084534,-78.084632,-78.084723,-78.08494,-78.085173,-78.08527,-78.085555,-78.085827,-78.085958,-78.086106,-78.086235,-78.08641,-78.086638,-78.086939,-78.087252,-78.087373,-78.08756,-78.088024,-78.088411,-78.088622,-78.088877,-78.089147,-78.089453,-78.089768,-78.090633,-78.090864,-78.09098,-78.091063,-78.091154,-78.091215,-78.091264,-78.091288,-78.091297,-78.091304,-78.0913,-78.091327,-78.091356,-78.091411,-78.091475,-78.091551,-78.091652,-78.09169,-78.091701,-78.091693,-78.09167,-78.091629,-78.091585,-78.091522,-78.091442,-78.091345,-78.091254,-78.090914,-78.090866,-78.090829,-78.090808,-78.090805,-78.090816,-78.090837,-78.090884,-78.090947,-78.091025,-78.091098,-78.091194,-78.091287,-78.091526,-78.091731,-78.091945,-78.092246,-78.092667,-78.09307,-78.093434,-78.093548,-78.093631,-78.093706,-78.093786,-78.09385,-78.093913,-78.093977,-78.094025,-78.094037,-78.094097,-78.09411,-78.094118],"lat":[38.019996,38.020186,38.020404,38.020817,38.02279,38.024303,38.024484,38.024787,38.02515,38.025211,38.025278,38.025473,38.025902,38.026552,38.026839,38.027065,38.027452,38.027609,38.027684,38.027916,38.028042,38.028159,38.028264,38.028331,38.02845,38.029017,38.029094,38.029183,38.029287,38.029341,38.02944,38.029579,38.029734,38.030234,38.030393,38.030647,38.030917,38.031313,38.031615,38.031737,38.03199,38.032198,38.032612,38.032637,38.032772,38.032914,38.033062,38.033123,38.033241,38.033364,38.033627,38.033831,38.033918,38.034248,38.03593,38.036206,38.036387,38.036827,38.037048,38.037158,38.03759,38.038237,38.038326,38.038638,38.038952,38.039085,38.039158,38.039587,38.040265,38.040622,38.040781,38.040997,38.041289,38.041388,38.042505,38.043076,38.043611,38.044519,38.04467,38.045174,38.046402,38.046684,38.047231,38.048472,38.048799,38.048868,38.04908,38.049281,38.049522,38.049684,38.049851,38.049992,38.050106,38.05027,38.050318,38.05038,38.050408,38.050487,38.050559,38.050774,38.051315,38.051681,38.051886,38.051917,38.05196,38.051993,38.05172,38.051401,38.051226,38.051122,38.050592,38.050399,38.050294,38.04983,38.049763,38.049708,38.04968,38.049666,38.049672,38.049688,38.049707,38.049704,38.04969,38.049739,38.04977,38.049809,38.049864,38.049888,38.049918,38.049988,38.050025,38.050042,38.05006,38.050066,38.050086,38.050137,38.050228,38.050408,38.050425,38.050469,38.050528,38.0506,38.050691,38.050771,38.051111,38.051243,38.051764,38.051838,38.051952,38.052032,38.052115,38.052219,38.053236,38.05369,38.053911,38.054129,38.0543,38.054554,38.05476,38.055468,38.055696,38.05589,38.056087,38.056379,38.056632,38.057202,38.05802,38.05872,38.058862,38.059036,38.059173,38.059341,38.059854,38.060649,38.061636,38.062006,38.062173,38.062345,38.062666,38.062953,38.063425,38.063812,38.064033,38.064371,38.0648,38.065455,38.065789,38.066129,38.066474,38.067535,38.067772,38.067924,38.068079,38.068237,38.068363,38.068488,38.068582,38.068835,38.069057,38.069148,38.069563,38.069786,38.069967,38.070131,38.070251,38.070431,38.07051,38.070666,38.070808,38.070945,38.071462,38.071581,38.071705,38.071833,38.071962,38.072274,38.072735,38.072899,38.07319,38.07364,38.07382,38.074002,38.074185,38.074295,38.074685,38.075076,38.075837,38.076191,38.07649,38.076596,38.07668,38.076803,38.076969,38.077097,38.07728,38.077395,38.077766,38.078127,38.078338,38.078382,38.07858,38.078786,38.079,38.079086,38.079297,38.07947,38.07969,38.079934,38.080512,38.08102,38.081233,38.081494,38.082311,38.082612,38.083007,38.08329,38.083578,38.083889,38.084055,38.084223,38.084258,38.084347,38.08464,38.08515,38.085765,38.085848,38.086027,38.086201,38.086263,38.086429,38.086803,38.087072,38.087328,38.08745,38.087476,38.087523,38.087808,38.088017,38.088103,38.088188,38.088213,38.08823,38.088246,38.088267,38.088291,38.08833,38.08838,38.088399,38.08843,38.088448,38.088458,38.088577,38.088655,38.088706,38.08873,38.088741,38.088714,38.088678,38.088659,38.088608,38.088579,38.088571,38.088567,38.08859,38.088601,38.088628,38.08871,38.088768,38.088807,38.088911,38.089007,38.089065,38.089123,38.089241,38.089259,38.089262,38.089254,38.089239,38.089203,38.089104,38.089089,38.089063,38.089042,38.089033,38.089047,38.089058,38.089061,38.089071,38.089104,38.089112,38.089109,38.0891,38.089076,38.088984,38.088936,38.088897,38.088766,38.088736,38.088707,38.088689,38.088661,38.088663,38.088678,38.088697,38.088709,38.088703,38.088705,38.088721,38.088748,38.08878,38.089024,38.089216,38.089365,38.089449,38.089515,38.089602,38.089682,38.089755,38.089894,38.089953,38.090211,38.090444,38.090635,38.091647,38.092096,38.092395,38.092588,38.092747,38.092914,38.093173,38.093366,38.093463,38.093546,38.093604,38.093882,38.094064,38.094099,38.094114,38.094123,38.094123,38.094116,38.094059,38.09402,38.094001,38.093995,38.094007,38.094024,38.094059,38.094079,38.094077,38.094074,38.094062,38.094068,38.094113,38.09416,38.094184,38.094288,38.094452,38.094586,38.094682,38.094839,38.094906,38.094946,38.094976,38.094974,38.094963,38.09495,38.094915,38.094962,38.095026,38.095061,38.095698,38.095841,38.095906,38.096018,38.096114,38.096199,38.096315,38.096692,38.097072,38.097224,38.097301,38.097807,38.098056,38.098262,38.098445,38.098502,38.098622,38.098679,38.098769,38.0989,38.099002,38.099096,38.099271,38.099362,38.099429,38.099497,38.099549,38.099725,38.099767,38.099857,38.100166,38.100232,38.100278,38.100304,38.100314,38.100318,38.100315,38.100289,38.100262,38.100223,38.100171,38.100104,38.09993,38.099823,38.099544,38.09945,38.099101,38.098597,38.098358,38.098053,38.097907,38.097845,38.097787,38.097746,38.097736,38.097737,38.097735,38.097742,38.097736,38.097717,38.097666,38.097642,38.097616,38.09761,38.097548,38.097527,38.097499,38.097459,38.097296,38.097165,38.097125,38.0971,38.097075,38.097056,38.09704,38.097015,38.096991,38.096947,38.096935,38.096928,38.096862,38.096845,38.096799,38.096756,38.096717,38.096613,38.09653,38.096402,38.096302,38.096271,38.096235,38.096216,38.096199,38.096164,38.096138,38.096078,38.096021,38.095875,38.095851,38.095677,38.09557,38.095533,38.095469,38.095281,38.095228,38.095131,38.095025,38.094976,38.094949,38.094937,38.094935,38.09494,38.094935,38.094917,38.0949,38.09482,38.09474,38.094661,38.094504,38.094445,38.094403,38.094345,38.094333,38.094247,38.094168,38.094089,38.094023,38.093835,38.093648,38.093548,38.093389,38.09293,38.09278,38.092604,38.092511,38.091753,38.091654,38.091386,38.091043,38.090824,38.090645,38.090384,38.089965,38.089727,38.089014,38.088686,38.088506,38.088071,38.087668,38.087526,38.087416,38.08734,38.087128,38.087035,38.086773,38.086681,38.08664,38.086601,38.08658,38.086566,38.08656,38.086564,38.086586,38.086623,38.086685,38.086739,38.086791,38.086818,38.086822,38.086819,38.08682,38.086792,38.086758,38.086729,38.086675,38.086553,38.086465,38.086335,38.086226,38.086166,38.08616,38.086147,38.086134,38.086136,38.086155,38.086163,38.086157,38.086151,38.086118,38.086076,38.086033,38.085976,38.085907,38.08582,38.08564,38.085308,38.08489,38.084748,38.08466,38.084367,38.084156,38.084027,38.083971,38.083782,38.083518,38.083382,38.083306,38.083111,38.083017,38.082938,38.082815,38.082709,38.082548,38.082459,38.082421,38.082366,38.082363,38.08237,38.082391,38.082257,38.081857,38.081625,38.080069,38.079965,38.079853,38.079707,38.079455,38.078122,38.077988,38.077939,38.077894,38.077859,38.077836,38.077806,38.07778,38.077734,38.077679,38.077643,38.077629,38.077608,38.077572,38.077466,38.077367,38.077202,38.076857,38.076803,38.076745,38.0767,38.076683,38.07666,38.076627,38.076588,38.076469,38.076425,38.076324,38.076244,38.076192,38.076075,38.075968,38.075787,38.075739,38.075663,38.075591,38.075518,38.075378,38.074941,38.074815,38.07469,38.074512,38.074382,38.074236,38.074142,38.074041,38.07395,38.073848,38.073651,38.073117,38.072732,38.072469,38.072238,38.072066,38.071764,38.071655,38.071412,38.071288,38.071136,38.070993,38.070824,38.070293,38.070147,38.069993,38.069874,38.06956,38.069045,38.068672,38.068317,38.067623,38.067305,38.066695,38.066407,38.065608,38.065502,38.065423,38.065335,38.065184,38.065084,38.064977,38.064854,38.064493,38.064329,38.064193,38.063963,38.063891,38.063681,38.063554,38.063351,38.06317,38.062951,38.06278,38.062515,38.062357,38.062143,38.061877,38.06154,38.061175,38.06047,38.060161,38.059798,38.05925,38.058696,38.05831,38.05796,38.057851,38.057471,38.057275,38.057169,38.057015,38.056781,38.056593,38.056103,38.056015,38.05558,38.054893,38.054853,38.054658,38.054312,38.054184,38.05397,38.053744,38.053664,38.0535,38.053026,38.052821,38.052471,38.052377,38.052295,38.051894,38.051382,38.051171,38.051045,38.050936,38.050868,38.050791,38.050769,38.05071,38.05063,38.050549,38.050362,38.050254,38.050202,38.05013,38.050025,38.049893,38.049535,38.04914,38.048744,38.047908,38.047391,38.046957,38.046869,38.046793,38.046574,38.046423,38.046166,38.045685,38.044145,38.043695,38.042812,38.042059,38.041783,38.040122,38.039125,38.038692,38.038484,38.038363,38.038246,38.03815,38.038028,38.037936,38.037893,38.03781,38.037446,38.037322,38.037144,38.036993,38.036698,38.036485,38.036211,38.035591,38.03473,38.034425,38.03426,38.034101,38.033987,38.033901,38.033789,38.033696,38.03363,38.033542,38.033442,38.032703,38.032627,38.032383,38.032227,38.032042,38.031696,38.031256,38.031022,38.030833,38.030687,38.030593,38.030202,38.02999,38.028975,38.028363,38.027662,38.027455,38.027389,38.026308,38.026068,38.025219,38.024862,38.024597,38.024003,38.023855,38.023603,38.023129,38.022995,38.022298,38.021901,38.021796,38.02159,38.02142,38.021288,38.02114,38.020889,38.02075,38.020693,38.020564,38.020124,38.019454,38.019409,38.019315,38.019236,38.018962,38.018608,38.018174,38.016572,38.016182,38.016026,38.01583,38.015636,38.015409,38.015261,38.015013,38.014777,38.014697,38.014385,38.014204,38.014043,38.013847,38.013706,38.013564,38.013424,38.013288,38.013181,38.012589,38.01204,38.011789,38.011266,38.010976,38.010827,38.010718,38.010525,38.010237,38.01005,38.009832,38.009621,38.009508,38.009438,38.009362,38.009299,38.009259,38.009196,38.009146,38.009094,38.009014,38.008991,38.008925,38.008846,38.008769,38.008684,38.008559,38.008417,38.008,38.00744,38.007144,38.00698,38.006817,38.006621,38.006308,38.006201,38.00602,38.005979,38.005837,38.005676,38.005392,38.004886,38.003702,38.003336,38.003188,38.003041,38.002715,38.002543,38.002348,38.002053,38.001655,38.000837,38.000317,37.999992,37.999719,37.999449,37.999275,37.998954,37.99888,37.998814,37.998719,37.99889,37.999121,37.999294,37.999416,37.999559,37.999668,37.99956,37.999504,37.999469,37.998962,37.998891,37.998832,37.998733,37.998219,37.998096,37.997991,37.997908,37.997748,37.997564,37.99737,37.997171,37.99692,37.996656,37.996301,37.996096,37.995928,37.99579,37.99567,37.995548,37.995255,37.995007,37.994635,37.994295,37.994159,37.993274,37.992857,37.992707,37.992559,37.99249,37.992305,37.992172,37.992005,37.991957,37.991884,37.991758,37.991628,37.991521,37.991268,37.991067,37.990867,37.990798,37.990668,37.990259,37.989071,37.989042,37.988576,37.988407,37.988247,37.988122,37.987984,37.987795,37.987634,37.987465,37.987326,37.987219,37.986938,37.986711,37.986539,37.986146,37.985437,37.985241,37.984994,37.98475,37.984505,37.98426,37.98384,37.983701,37.983138,37.98301,37.98285,37.982692,37.982212,37.981879,37.981587,37.981396,37.981255,37.980678,37.980508,37.980397,37.980253,37.980105,37.979954,37.979864,37.979697,37.979579,37.979071,37.978958,37.978936,37.978348,37.978194,37.978007,37.977837,37.977652,37.977545,37.977378,37.977159,37.977068,37.976932,37.976814,37.976444,37.976084,37.97586,37.975677,37.975609,37.97553,37.975487,37.975354,37.975212,37.974405,37.973627,37.973163,37.972493,37.972374,37.972225,37.972105,37.971986,37.971875,37.971819,37.971514,37.971133,37.970808,37.970368,37.969695,37.969515,37.969368,37.968943,37.968527,37.968414,37.968219,37.968114,37.967904,37.967698,37.967497,37.967335,37.96688,37.966711,37.966521,37.965962,37.965397,37.964996,37.964667,37.964474,37.964335,37.96416,37.964115,37.963983,37.963806,37.963103,37.962952,37.962801,37.96268,37.962531,37.962136,37.961786,37.961396,37.961109,37.960657,37.959971,37.959691,37.959391,37.959152,37.959048,37.958975,37.958771,37.958372,37.958138,37.957833,37.957704,37.957381,37.957142,37.956949,37.956808,37.956639,37.956466,37.95629,37.955729,37.955437,37.955253,37.954957,37.954868,37.954728,37.954592,37.954073,37.953867,37.953801,37.953663,37.953544,37.953423,37.952298,37.951642,37.951259,37.951114,37.951071,37.950689,37.950528,37.950075,37.95003,37.949866,37.949791,37.949696,37.9496,37.949505,37.949322,37.949013,37.948758,37.948704,37.948623,37.948539,37.948484,37.948357,37.948203,37.947994,37.947887,37.94778,37.947748,37.9477,37.947646,37.947619,37.947586,37.947551,37.947486,37.947462,37.947448,37.947399,37.947352,37.947195,37.946812,37.946357,37.945824,37.945508,37.944997,37.944923,37.944908,37.944864,37.944827,37.944736,37.944642,37.944528,37.944433,37.944351,37.944278,37.944195,37.944023,37.943839,37.943618,37.943448,37.943303,37.943113,37.942995,37.942858,37.94258,37.942391,37.942215,37.942162,37.942031,37.941859,37.941733,37.941569,37.941123,37.940845,37.940655,37.940618,37.940391,37.940246,37.940073,37.939785,37.939118,37.938817,37.938302,37.937906,37.937747,37.937714,37.937655,37.937513,37.937459,37.93734,37.937062,37.936871,37.936324,37.93589,37.9358,37.935744,37.935658,37.935609,37.935567,37.935456,37.935338,37.935214,37.935063,37.934754,37.934419,37.934251,37.934195,37.933877,37.933798,37.933726,37.933489,37.93332,37.933247,37.932975,37.932846,37.932633,37.932214,37.932081,37.932039,37.932179,37.932382,37.933166,37.933403,37.93347,37.933479,37.933417,37.933185,37.932791,37.932749,37.932805,37.93293,37.933057,37.933112,37.93318,37.933789,37.934319,37.934705,37.935109,37.935321,37.935495,37.93594,37.93638,37.937041,37.937661,37.937851,37.938682,37.939378,37.939669,37.940054,37.940613,37.940977,37.941424,37.94166,37.941728,37.941877,37.942028,37.942193,37.94279,37.943058,37.944313,37.944395,37.944304,37.944447,37.944622,37.944757,37.945341,37.945455,37.945538,37.945504,37.945566,37.945556,37.94545,37.945105,37.945011,37.944964,37.944909,37.944821,37.944605,37.944215,37.942229,37.942106,37.940881,37.939898,37.939263,37.939041,37.938599,37.938288,37.938164,37.938126,37.938193,37.93858,37.938601,37.938488,37.938346,37.937848,37.937645,37.937339,37.93689,37.936839,37.936854,37.937276,37.937436,37.937464,37.937397,37.937231,37.937013,37.936435,37.936256,37.936164,37.936181,37.936314,37.93656,37.937488,37.937875,37.938152,37.938602,37.939313,37.939734,37.940299,37.941233,37.943205,37.943561,37.944014,37.944694,37.946623,37.947863,37.949494,37.950217,37.950551,37.950819,37.951729,37.952011,37.952175,37.952468,37.953626,37.954168,37.95453,37.954693,37.954738,37.955035,37.955192,37.955343,37.955542,37.956105,37.956405,37.957089,37.957682,37.958106,37.958345,37.95853,37.958799,37.958924,37.959309,37.959871,37.960024,37.9601,37.960016,37.959541,37.958573,37.958294,37.957479,37.957209,37.9562,37.955521,37.955317,37.954964,37.95454,37.954208,37.954077,37.953949,37.953973,37.954159,37.954298,37.954985,37.955451,37.955757,37.95626,37.956789,37.958018,37.958875,37.959732,37.959881,37.959893,37.959785,37.960012,37.960249,37.960254,37.960188,37.959853,37.959605,37.959476,37.958147,37.957555,37.957408,37.957196,37.956898,37.95672,37.956697,37.956815,37.956775,37.956655,37.956578,37.956448,37.956291,37.956309,37.956384,37.956402,37.956587,37.95671,37.956797,37.956766,37.956528,37.956125,37.956008,37.956014,37.956191,37.956437,37.956717,37.956822,37.956949,37.95708,37.957421,37.957634,37.957575,37.95765,37.95777,37.957875,37.958114,37.958708,37.959005,37.95922,37.959291,37.95937,37.959602,37.961501,37.961726,37.961971,37.96232,37.962809,37.963224,37.963304,37.963316,37.9634,37.964096,37.964408,37.964781,37.965468,37.965815,37.966023,37.966077,37.966652,37.966652,37.966518,37.966428,37.966475,37.966594,37.967346,37.967726,37.967963,37.968629,37.968826,37.968903,37.969075,37.969304,37.969624,37.969961,37.970417,37.970921,37.971227,37.971784,37.972252,37.972455,37.972784,37.972977,37.973988,37.974296,37.974432,37.974694,37.97479,37.974828,37.974804,37.974666,37.974385,37.974112,37.973987,37.973864,37.973599,37.973042,37.972421,37.972255,37.971758,37.971574,37.971395,37.971387,37.971154,37.970991,37.971051,37.971384,37.971453,37.971706,37.971677,37.971528,37.971654,37.972076,37.972559,37.973328,37.973742,37.97478,37.9758,37.977284,37.978101,37.979896,37.980173,37.980588,37.981853,37.982464,37.982592,37.982656,37.982641,37.982488,37.982532,37.982472,37.982481,37.982439,37.982127,37.981918,37.981678,37.980902,37.980614,37.980529,37.980522,37.980604,37.980601,37.980419,37.980391,37.980479,37.980682,37.980885,37.981356,37.981504,37.981437,37.981277,37.981216,37.981123,37.980518,37.980241,37.979768,37.979351,37.979128,37.978884,37.978726,37.97851,37.978235,37.978148,37.978264,37.978397,37.978577,37.979495,37.980139,37.981821,37.982138,37.982366,37.982437,37.982379,37.982211,37.982111,37.98196,37.981932,37.982032,37.982547,37.982669,37.9831,37.983109,37.983612,37.983847,37.983973,37.984359,37.984433,37.984988,37.985207,37.98561,37.986055,37.986272,37.986396,37.986523,37.986548,37.986504,37.986377,37.984734,37.984482,37.984432,37.984439,37.984705,37.984886,37.985003,37.985318,37.985882,37.985965,37.986212,37.986665,37.987054,37.987475,37.987742,37.987845,37.988001,37.988084,37.988075,37.987988,37.987991,37.988243,37.988415,37.988451,37.98844,37.988385,37.988256,37.988246,37.988316,37.988467,37.989007,37.989269,37.98937,37.989535,37.989664,37.989918,37.990166,37.990407,37.990635,37.990831,37.991133,37.991302,37.992077,37.992623,37.99292,37.993095,37.993314,37.993532,37.993704,37.993977,37.994135,37.994325,37.994507,37.99468,37.994724,37.99478,37.994846,37.99492,37.994983,37.995065,37.99521,37.995475,37.995685,37.995966,37.996713,37.997245,37.997425,37.997607,37.997789,37.997971,37.998096,37.998151,37.998363,37.998535,37.998737,37.9989,37.998968,37.999098,37.999251,38.001065,38.001171,38.001305,38.001419,38.002266,38.002635,38.002865,38.003025,38.003359,38.003563,38.003724,38.003921,38.004114,38.004264,38.00456,38.004848,38.004961,38.00538,38.005804,38.006029,38.006248,38.006418,38.006624,38.006861,38.007151,38.007474,38.007605,38.007784,38.008246,38.008637,38.00884,38.009064,38.009279,38.009503,38.009715,38.010271,38.010413,38.010502,38.01058,38.010686,38.010776,38.010866,38.010935,38.010975,38.011079,38.011115,38.011694,38.011979,38.012336,38.012599,38.012925,38.013387,38.013662,38.013846,38.014247,38.014531,38.014814,38.015023,38.015221,38.015414,38.015602,38.015749,38.01616,38.016244,38.016357,38.016471,38.016563,38.016677,38.016768,38.016872,38.01697,38.017062,38.017129,38.017197,38.017262,38.017407,38.01751,38.017599,38.017699,38.017852,38.018022,38.018191,38.018259,38.018322,38.018391,38.018485,38.018586,38.018792,38.019052,38.01933,38.019419,38.019693,38.019806,38.019996]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F89106","#CAAF34","#F4A611","#F4A611","#F89106","#F89106","#F4A611","#F89106","#F47B03"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $76,978<br>Census Tract: 9502.02<br>Area Name: Mineral","Median family income: $102,829<br>Census Tract: 9503.01<br>Area Name: Zion Crossroads","Median family income: $90,045<br>Census Tract: 9503.02<br>Area Name: Green Springs","Median family income: $94,262<br>Census Tract: 9501.01<br>Area Name: Bumpus-Mountain Road District-Buckner","Median family income: $63,051<br>Census Tract: 9503.03<br>Area Name: Trevillians","Median family income: $69,554<br>Census Tract: 9501.02<br>Area Name: Cuckoo District","Median family income: $93,456<br>Census Tract: 9505<br>Area Name: Gum Springs-Holly Grove","Median family income: $70,000<br>Census Tract: 9504<br>Area Name: Ferncliff-Shannon Hill (Yanceyville)","Median family income: $58,942<br>Census Tract: 9502.01<br>Area Name: Town of Louisa"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.730608,38.152571],"lng":[-78.306763,-77.687294]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The lowest median family income is around the Town of Louisa, at
\$58,942. By contrast, the Zion Crossroads tract has the highest median
family income at \$102,829.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. Similar
to the other counties, in Louisa County, the tract with the lowest
median family income also has the highest percentage of families making
less than \$35,000 per year.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Louisa County

<div id="htmlwidget-f1c116ed985dc946d566" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-f1c116ed985dc946d566">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-77.973466,-77.973435,-77.973411,-77.973366,-77.973305,-77.97326,-77.973228,-77.97309,-77.972995,-77.972894,-77.972865,-77.972816,-77.972784,-77.972748,-77.972689,-77.972674,-77.972652,-77.972648,-77.972662,-77.972703,-77.972707,-77.972693,-77.972656,-77.972597,-77.972506,-77.972311,-77.972138,-77.971961,-77.971799,-77.971629,-77.971443,-77.971262,-77.971159,-77.97101,-77.970814,-77.970037,-77.969856,-77.969726,-77.96954,-77.967821,-77.967717,-77.967594,-77.967417,-77.967294,-77.967106,-77.966948,-77.966756,-77.966543,-77.966399,-77.966257,-77.96619,-77.966139,-77.965946,-77.965856,-77.965739,-77.965642,-77.965514,-77.965308,-77.964946,-77.964782,-77.964671,-77.964605,-77.964559,-77.964499,-77.964485,-77.964484,-77.964503,-77.964629,-77.964691,-77.964707,-77.964701,-77.964677,-77.96467,-77.964621,-77.964583,-77.964438,-77.964341,-77.964243,-77.964124,-77.963895,-77.963444,-77.963085,-77.962937,-77.962781,-77.962655,-77.96252,-77.962355,-77.962181,-77.962109,-77.961782,-77.961426,-77.961033,-77.960638,-77.960448,-77.960216,-77.959991,-77.959816,-77.959602,-77.959288,-77.958987,-77.958745,-77.958425,-77.958243,-77.958156,-77.958047,-77.957885,-77.957625,-77.9575,-77.957228,-77.956931,-77.956882,-77.956836,-77.956808,-77.956797,-77.956805,-77.95684,-77.956885,-77.956955,-77.957121,-77.957164,-77.957302,-77.957435,-77.957508,-77.957597,-77.957653,-77.957691,-77.957709,-77.957749,-77.957933,-77.957988,-77.958045,-77.958099,-77.958125,-77.958173,-77.958216,-77.957464,-77.956978,-77.957091,-77.957131,-77.957227,-77.957382,-77.957462,-77.957521,-77.95758,-77.957627,-77.957641,-77.957727,-77.95787,-77.957898,-77.957969,-77.958017,-77.958069,-77.958368,-77.958479,-77.958612,-77.958886,-77.958968,-77.959338,-77.959361,-77.959421,-77.959573,-77.959663,-77.959823,-77.959854,-77.959926,-77.959948,-77.959987,-77.960049,-77.960141,-77.96034,-77.960509,-77.960609,-77.960689,-77.960824,-77.960857,-77.961244,-77.961285,-77.961305,-77.961312,-77.961314,-77.961288,-77.961252,-77.96118,-77.961065,-77.960941,-77.960707,-77.960029,-77.959517,-77.959279,-77.959084,-77.958766,-77.958588,-77.958354,-77.958181,-77.95771,-77.957614,-77.957567,-77.957479,-77.957384,-77.957325,-77.957275,-77.957243,-77.957215,-77.957188,-77.957116,-77.956973,-77.956953,-77.956901,-77.956841,-77.956804,-77.956704,-77.956656,-77.956616,-77.956573,-77.956482,-77.956444,-77.956395,-77.956094,-77.955753,-77.955228,-77.954954,-77.954702,-77.954459,-77.95435,-77.954241,-77.954141,-77.954049,-77.953822,-77.953341,-77.95313,-77.952963,-77.952859,-77.952824,-77.952724,-77.952654,-77.952565,-77.952482,-77.952376,-77.952168,-77.952014,-77.951978,-77.951934,-77.951743,-77.951623,-77.951378,-77.951306,-77.951276,-77.951206,-77.95116,-77.951143,-77.951086,-77.951061,-77.951056,-77.950949,-77.950865,-77.95085,-77.950741,-77.95068,-77.95058,-77.950499,-77.950434,-77.950319,-77.950086,-77.950017,-77.949811,-77.949596,-77.94933,-77.949104,-77.948971,-77.948868,-77.948669,-77.94857,-77.948497,-77.948411,-77.948318,-77.948229,-77.948058,-77.947935,-77.947756,-77.947581,-77.947353,-77.947192,-77.946905,-77.9468,-77.946473,-77.946256,-77.945942,-77.945201,-77.944959,-77.944737,-77.944516,-77.944203,-77.944052,-77.943939,-77.943806,-77.943006,-77.942697,-77.941965,-77.941637,-77.940975,-77.940627,-77.940246,-77.939704,-77.939359,-77.939241,-77.939112,-77.939008,-77.938724,-77.938615,-77.938503,-77.938364,-77.938234,-77.937964,-77.93785,-77.937579,-77.937455,-77.937307,-77.937158,-77.936944,-77.936659,-77.936522,-77.936428,-77.936321,-77.936173,-77.936007,-77.935684,-77.935342,-77.93483,-77.934512,-77.934242,-77.933402,-77.933156,-77.933051,-77.932963,-77.932898,-77.932867,-77.932766,-77.932693,-77.932597,-77.932539,-77.932426,-77.932243,-77.93213,-77.931783,-77.931628,-77.931438,-77.931264,-77.931165,-77.931026,-77.930895,-77.930797,-77.930317,-77.9301,-77.929963,-77.929776,-77.929689,-77.929615,-77.929553,-77.929332,-77.928842,-77.928379,-77.928046,-77.927802,-77.927742,-77.927683,-77.927632,-77.927596,-77.92752,-77.926937,-77.926806,-77.926718,-77.926627,-77.926522,-77.924479,-77.92418,-77.923657,-77.923473,-77.923451,-77.923139,-77.92275,-77.92234,-77.921894,-77.921522,-77.921113,-77.920678,-77.920777,-77.920847,-77.920919,-77.92104,-77.921117,-77.921263,-77.92141,-77.921422,-77.921615,-77.921757,-77.921887,-77.921973,-77.922069,-77.92209,-77.922258,-77.922424,-77.922599,-77.922745,-77.922886,-77.923,-77.923007,-77.922993,-77.922972,-77.922921,-77.922883,-77.922823,-77.922732,-77.922512,-77.922156,-77.922041,-77.921936,-77.921842,-77.921674,-77.921425,-77.921084,-77.920899,-77.920749,-77.920632,-77.920394,-77.920161,-77.919724,-77.919655,-77.919574,-77.919508,-77.919415,-77.919197,-77.91918,-77.919142,-77.919132,-77.919127,-77.919126,-77.919138,-77.919173,-77.919226,-77.919377,-77.919426,-77.919442,-77.919446,-77.919432,-77.919399,-77.919185,-77.918673,-77.918478,-77.918083,-77.917777,-77.917194,-77.916641,-77.916474,-77.916554,-77.916663,-77.916712,-77.91676,-77.916826,-77.916873,-77.916935,-77.916974,-77.91706,-77.917086,-77.91709,-77.917078,-77.917052,-77.916973,-77.916796,-77.916717,-77.9165,-77.916461,-77.916414,-77.916384,-77.916267,-77.916201,-77.916095,-77.915853,-77.915722,-77.91552,-77.915294,-77.91509,-77.914823,-77.914244,-77.913773,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913618,-77.913418,-77.913344,-77.913218,-77.913118,-77.913218,-77.913265,-77.913318,-77.913318,-77.913218,-77.913118,-77.913018,-77.913018,-77.912718,-77.912518,-77.912018,-77.911818,-77.911657,-77.911318,-77.911092,-77.911018,-77.910718,-77.910318,-77.91006,-77.909918,-77.909418,-77.909218,-77.908718,-77.908618,-77.908018,-77.907717,-77.907517,-77.907417,-77.907144,-77.907117,-77.906617,-77.906117,-77.905917,-77.905857,-77.905517,-77.905017,-77.904617,-77.904117,-77.903817,-77.903517,-77.903314,-77.903217,-77.903217,-77.903117,-77.903017,-77.902717,-77.902417,-77.902217,-77.901817,-77.901517,-77.901117,-77.900817,-77.900617,-77.900592,-77.900517,-77.900217,-77.899917,-77.899616,-77.899516,-77.899146,-77.898916,-77.898716,-77.898486,-77.898416,-77.898316,-77.898316,-77.898416,-77.898316,-77.898316,-77.898016,-77.897416,-77.897216,-77.896916,-77.896816,-77.896816,-77.896916,-77.896916,-77.896816,-77.896728,-77.896516,-77.896116,-77.895616,-77.895316,-77.895216,-77.895016,-77.894816,-77.894216,-77.893816,-77.893416,-77.893216,-77.893016,-77.892768,-77.892616,-77.891916,-77.891416,-77.890813,-77.890775,-77.890716,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890516,-77.890416,-77.890116,-77.889716,-77.889316,-77.889016,-77.888416,-77.888116,-77.887868,-77.887816,-77.887716,-77.887416,-77.886916,-77.886893,-77.886529,-77.886494,-77.886316,-77.886116,-77.886116,-77.886116,-77.886088,-77.885916,-77.885816,-77.885616,-77.885516,-77.88545,-77.885432,-77.885317,-77.885017,-77.884817,-77.884617,-77.884317,-77.884117,-77.883917,-77.883765,-77.883417,-77.883117,-77.882917,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882717,-77.882617,-77.882455,-77.882317,-77.882117,-77.881717,-77.881317,-77.880817,-77.880417,-77.879717,-77.879317,-77.879017,-77.878617,-77.878117,-77.877617,-77.877317,-77.877017,-77.876617,-77.876317,-77.876117,-77.876006,-77.875996,-77.875817,-77.875617,-77.875317,-77.875117,-77.874781,-77.874717,-77.874317,-77.874217,-77.873917,-77.873834,-77.873117,-77.872417,-77.871911,-77.871717,-77.871536,-77.871017,-77.870117,-77.869417,-77.869117,-77.867916,-77.866616,-77.866263,-77.865716,-77.865109,-77.864516,-77.864406,-77.863716,-77.862316,-77.861216,-77.860716,-77.860616,-77.860033,-77.859816,-77.859416,-77.859316,-77.859116,-77.85891,-77.858417,-77.858217,-77.858517,-77.858717,-77.858817,-77.858774,-77.858716,-77.858117,-77.857217,-77.857113,-77.856417,-77.856117,-77.855917,-77.855117,-77.854717,-77.854417,-77.854217,-77.854417,-77.854692,-77.854817,-77.854817,-77.854754,-77.854517,-77.854117,-77.853133,-77.852617,-77.851517,-77.851218,-77.851417,-77.851516,-77.851017,-77.850617,-77.849717,-77.849217,-77.849007,-77.848416,-77.848117,-77.847898,-77.847817,-77.847817,-77.847817,-77.847816,-77.847417,-77.847017,-77.846217,-77.845417,-77.844817,-77.844017,-77.843917,-77.843817,-77.843717,-77.843617,-77.843517,-77.843417,-77.843317,-77.843217,-77.843017,-77.842917,-77.843217,-77.843913,-77.844117,-77.844917,-77.845317,-77.845517,-77.844917,-77.844417,-77.843417,-77.842717,-77.842117,-77.840917,-77.839717,-77.839216,-77.838566,-77.838536,-77.838217,-77.837717,-77.837416,-77.837317,-77.837416,-77.837217,-77.837216,-77.837017,-77.836317,-77.836316,-77.836117,-77.836417,-77.836236,-77.836217,-77.836212,-77.836117,-77.83628,-77.836516,-77.836217,-77.835317,-77.834984,-77.833917,-77.833217,-77.832017,-77.831031,-77.830917,-77.830616,-77.830417,-77.830316,-77.830043,-77.830017,-77.828917,-77.827917,-77.827117,-77.826517,-77.825017,-77.824391,-77.824372,-77.824316,-77.824237,-77.824233,-77.824198,-77.823986,-77.82374,-77.823617,-77.82346,-77.823416,-77.823217,-77.823017,-77.822052,-77.822017,-77.821217,-77.820617,-77.819716,-77.819517,-77.819917,-77.820117,-77.820217,-77.820217,-77.820217,-77.820223,-77.820313,-77.820297,-77.820017,-77.819717,-77.819117,-77.818217,-77.817817,-77.817617,-77.816917,-77.816517,-77.816117,-77.815917,-77.815817,-77.815317,-77.815217,-77.815017,-77.814435,-77.814217,-77.813517,-77.812917,-77.812893,-77.813279,-77.813756,-77.813941,-77.814074,-77.814255,-77.814572,-77.814948,-77.815489,-77.816657,-77.819473,-77.821094,-77.821585,-77.82391,-77.824059,-77.824401,-77.825206,-77.825532,-77.826184,-77.826712,-77.82717,-77.827743,-77.828099,-77.828515,-77.829134,-77.829545,-77.829839,-77.831107,-77.831343,-77.831537,-77.831833,-77.832079,-77.832407,-77.83296,-77.833668,-77.833794,-77.834005,-77.834208,-77.834328,-77.834526,-77.835155,-77.83542,-77.837023,-77.837561,-77.83781,-77.838141,-77.83852,-77.839198,-77.839624,-77.840026,-77.840101,-77.840535,-77.84079,-77.841016,-77.841286,-77.841607,-77.841946,-77.842376,-77.842746,-77.843081,-77.843358,-77.843636,-77.843998,-77.844373,-77.844953,-77.845387,-77.845513,-77.845826,-77.846136,-77.846437,-77.846703,-77.847066,-77.84747,-77.848353,-77.848603,-77.84893,-77.849467,-77.851207,-77.851536,-77.851861,-77.852547,-77.852796,-77.853043,-77.853288,-77.853529,-77.854019,-77.85441,-77.854825,-77.854702,-77.854613,-77.854522,-77.854463,-77.854336,-77.853518,-77.853146,-77.852967,-77.85263,-77.852481,-77.852288,-77.851123,-77.85086,-77.850482,-77.850197,-77.850088,-77.849469,-77.849225,-77.848367,-77.847094,-77.84666,-77.845776,-77.844315,-77.84359,-77.842688,-77.842393,-77.842065,-77.84169,-77.841425,-77.840892,-77.840732,-77.840551,-77.839668,-77.839561,-77.839442,-77.839057,-77.838992,-77.838816,-77.838581,-77.838486,-77.837834,-77.837515,-77.837359,-77.837133,-77.837056,-77.83647,-77.835992,-77.835775,-77.83571,-77.83543,-77.834061,-77.833658,-77.833358,-77.833048,-77.83292,-77.83215,-77.831936,-77.831803,-77.831724,-77.831439,-77.831236,-77.831111,-77.830991,-77.830879,-77.830752,-77.83064,-77.830333,-77.830139,-77.829142,-77.828978,-77.828494,-77.828459,-77.828269,-77.828063,-77.82784,-77.827505,-77.827439,-77.827246,-77.827016,-77.826973,-77.826772,-77.826515,-77.826354,-77.825051,-77.824964,-77.82451,-77.824298,-77.823453,-77.823251,-77.823039,-77.822358,-77.82216,-77.822109,-77.822009,-77.821869,-77.821783,-77.821576,-77.821345,-77.821142,-77.820899,-77.820574,-77.820446,-77.820253,-77.820056,-77.819797,-77.819508,-77.819265,-77.81901,-77.818931,-77.818851,-77.818353,-77.817849,-77.817612,-77.81737,-77.817231,-77.816822,-77.817017,-77.817227,-77.817669,-77.818121,-77.819051,-77.819534,-77.819861,-77.820353,-77.820935,-77.821003,-77.821133,-77.821561,-77.821757,-77.822039,-77.822306,-77.82252,-77.822742,-77.823262,-77.823465,-77.823673,-77.823841,-77.823967,-77.824009,-77.82424,-77.824412,-77.824695,-77.824974,-77.825193,-77.825586,-77.825774,-77.825967,-77.826203,-77.826495,-77.826714,-77.826933,-77.827505,-77.828559,-77.83031,-77.830755,-77.830929,-77.831142,-77.831349,-77.831489,-77.831581,-77.831741,-77.83189,-77.831946,-77.832075,-77.832189,-77.832288,-77.832329,-77.832527,-77.832979,-77.833317,-77.83349,-77.83393,-77.834151,-77.834319,-77.834476,-77.834643,-77.834731,-77.835436,-77.835615,-77.835747,-77.835907,-77.835956,-77.836041,-77.83611,-77.836172,-77.83623,-77.836249,-77.836276,-77.836287,-77.836297,-77.836354,-77.836506,-77.83654,-77.836575,-77.836616,-77.836669,-77.836843,-77.837074,-77.837382,-77.837563,-77.837614,-77.838034,-77.838314,-77.838976,-77.839218,-77.839404,-77.839609,-77.840019,-77.840202,-77.840638,-77.84083,-77.841065,-77.841771,-77.842009,-77.842181,-77.842432,-77.842706,-77.842897,-77.843072,-77.843153,-77.843306,-77.843445,-77.843497,-77.843773,-77.844006,-77.844273,-77.844483,-77.844918,-77.845206,-77.845384,-77.845652,-77.84593,-77.846094,-77.847161,-77.847342,-77.847818,-77.84806,-77.848306,-77.848557,-77.848914,-77.849625,-77.849916,-77.850072,-77.850266,-77.850833,-77.851237,-77.851894,-77.852289,-77.852638,-77.852794,-77.853188,-77.853485,-77.853851,-77.854213,-77.85433,-77.854406,-77.854591,-77.854766,-77.855172,-77.855822,-77.856145,-77.856455,-77.856594,-77.857546,-77.857904,-77.858774,-77.85924,-77.859778,-77.859944,-77.860855,-77.861618,-77.861843,-77.862272,-77.862715,-77.862909,-77.86334,-77.863757,-77.864437,-77.864938,-77.865214,-77.86533,-77.865531,-77.865652,-77.865761,-77.865929,-77.866113,-77.866292,-77.86644,-77.866815,-77.866983,-77.867336,-77.867398,-77.867876,-77.868487,-77.868578,-77.868652,-77.868816,-77.868881,-77.868914,-77.868934,-77.868997,-77.869026,-77.869088,-77.869149,-77.869198,-77.869213,-77.869245,-77.869269,-77.869437,-77.870807,-77.871083,-77.871267,-77.871382,-77.871497,-77.871723,-77.871858,-77.872013,-77.872497,-77.87311,-77.87354,-77.873766,-77.873995,-77.874291,-77.87463,-77.874944,-77.875167,-77.87549,-77.875515,-77.875531,-77.875549,-77.875542,-77.875389,-77.875334,-77.875326,-77.875319,-77.875326,-77.875332,-77.8754,-77.87543,-77.875467,-77.875514,-77.875579,-77.875673,-77.875758,-77.875882,-77.875977,-77.876192,-77.876542,-77.877246,-77.877457,-77.877804,-77.878425,-77.878655,-77.879061,-77.879147,-77.879678,-77.879929,-77.880431,-77.881158,-77.88176,-77.882166,-77.882766,-77.883004,-77.883711,-77.884896,-77.886163,-77.886715,-77.887167,-77.887993,-77.888301,-77.888717,-77.888961,-77.88902,-77.889077,-77.889137,-77.889157,-77.889196,-77.889245,-77.889303,-77.88939,-77.889772,-77.889919,-77.890204,-77.890264,-77.890879,-77.891272,-77.891465,-77.891666,-77.891873,-77.89222,-77.892494,-77.892953,-77.893414,-77.893574,-77.894046,-77.89417,-77.894256,-77.894419,-77.894532,-77.894705,-77.896276,-77.896469,-77.89675,-77.897185,-77.897269,-77.897386,-77.897467,-77.897574,-77.897708,-77.89774,-77.89787,-77.89756,-77.897396,-77.897372,-77.897356,-77.897361,-77.897385,-77.897437,-77.897526,-77.897591,-77.898057,-77.898535,-77.899101,-77.899514,-77.899597,-77.899967,-77.900082,-77.900147,-77.900213,-77.900262,-77.900305,-77.900321,-77.900276,-77.900277,-77.900665,-77.900767,-77.900842,-77.900892,-77.900942,-77.901067,-77.901305,-77.901346,-77.901451,-77.901498,-77.901524,-77.901655,-77.901875,-77.902465,-77.902991,-77.904452,-77.904927,-77.905094,-77.905917,-77.906371,-77.906674,-77.907309,-77.907517,-77.90768,-77.907898,-77.908361,-77.908505,-77.908659,-77.908823,-77.908994,-77.909609,-77.910943,-77.912227,-77.913542,-77.914332,-77.914974,-77.91563,-77.916034,-77.916818,-77.917907,-77.92039,-77.921469,-77.922174,-77.922438,-77.922524,-77.922627,-77.922663,-77.922856,-77.922983,-77.923108,-77.923447,-77.92395,-77.924591,-77.925193,-77.925476,-77.925641,-77.92584,-77.926244,-77.926721,-77.927178,-77.927526,-77.927889,-77.927993,-77.928145,-77.928334,-77.928468,-77.928586,-77.928738,-77.928885,-77.929012,-77.929097,-77.929143,-77.929176,-77.929192,-77.929191,-77.929192,-77.9292,-77.929198,-77.929189,-77.929188,-77.929183,-77.929188,-77.929196,-77.929192,-77.929209,-77.929253,-77.929268,-77.929305,-77.929349,-77.929438,-77.929531,-77.929684,-77.929776,-77.930047,-77.930256,-77.930312,-77.930817,-77.931058,-77.93145,-77.931504,-77.931932,-77.932705,-77.933061,-77.93322,-77.933334,-77.933409,-77.93353,-77.933719,-77.933828,-77.934283,-77.935022,-77.935433,-77.935768,-77.936469,-77.936743,-77.936831,-77.937264,-77.937686,-77.937948,-77.938199,-77.938495,-77.938679,-77.938983,-77.939261,-77.939496,-77.93974,-77.939948,-77.940718,-77.940825,-77.941184,-77.94253,-77.942861,-77.943959,-77.944722,-77.945277,-77.946145,-77.946411,-77.946532,-77.946674,-77.946804,-77.94707,-77.947245,-77.947341,-77.947781,-77.948198,-77.948405,-77.948563,-77.948786,-77.948856,-77.949874,-77.950447,-77.950751,-77.951686,-77.952053,-77.952409,-77.952884,-77.953093,-77.95325,-77.953548,-77.953794,-77.954111,-77.954561,-77.954969,-77.955386,-77.955661,-77.955961,-77.95636,-77.956863,-77.957417,-77.957841,-77.958285,-77.958482,-77.958663,-77.958723,-77.958958,-77.959875,-77.960457,-77.961407,-77.962292,-77.962992,-77.963236,-77.963315,-77.963414,-77.963453,-77.963529,-77.963804,-77.96401,-77.9643,-77.964501,-77.964999,-77.965252,-77.965376,-77.965848,-77.96629,-77.96698,-77.967466,-77.967916,-77.96805,-77.968198,-77.968307,-77.968366,-77.968597,-77.968855,-77.968973,-77.968994,-77.968997,-77.968981,-77.968956,-77.968866,-77.968835,-77.968575,-77.968503,-77.968373,-77.968362,-77.968341,-77.968331,-77.968362,-77.968428,-77.968419,-77.968391,-77.968335,-77.968297,-77.968207,-77.967966,-77.967922,-77.967895,-77.967891,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967896,-77.967866,-77.967817,-77.96775,-77.967687,-77.967623,-77.967563,-77.967499,-77.967478,-77.967405,-77.967368,-77.967377,-77.967372,-77.967357,-77.967335,-77.967269,-77.967137,-77.966969,-77.966486,-77.966202,-77.966073,-77.965955,-77.965856,-77.965729,-77.965696,-77.965682,-77.96568,-77.965696,-77.965799,-77.965807,-77.9658,-77.965797,-77.96577,-77.965736,-77.965702,-77.965655,-77.96562,-77.965554,-77.965461,-77.965413,-77.96537,-77.965198,-77.965113,-77.965031,-77.964974,-77.964942,-77.964935,-77.964948,-77.964949,-77.964956,-77.964933,-77.964895,-77.964832,-77.964536,-77.964301,-77.964129,-77.963972,-77.963874,-77.963862,-77.963851,-77.963857,-77.963882,-77.963937,-77.964002,-77.964463,-77.964793,-77.965396,-77.966033,-77.966167,-77.966316,-77.966375,-77.966519,-77.966673,-77.967163,-77.967634,-77.968214,-77.968757,-77.968904,-77.969054,-77.969146,-77.969325,-77.969448,-77.969521,-77.969619,-77.969694,-77.969747,-77.969771,-77.969799,-77.9698,-77.969806,-77.969848,-77.969863,-77.969866,-77.969872,-77.969896,-77.969938,-77.969998,-77.970059,-77.970174,-77.970561,-77.970636,-77.970727,-77.970842,-77.970942,-77.971101,-77.971136,-77.971154,-77.971156,-77.971107,-77.971095,-77.971061,-77.971058,-77.971074,-77.97111,-77.971167,-77.971226,-77.971486,-77.971596,-77.971636,-77.9717,-77.971795,-77.971846,-77.971925,-77.972038,-77.972167,-77.972349,-77.972499,-77.972611,-77.972726,-77.972818,-77.973004,-77.973011,-77.973332,-77.973425,-77.973448,-77.973457,-77.973471,-77.973466],"lat":[37.991268,37.991521,37.991628,37.991758,37.991884,37.991957,37.992005,37.992172,37.992305,37.99249,37.992559,37.992707,37.992857,37.993274,37.994159,37.994295,37.994635,37.995007,37.995255,37.995548,37.99567,37.99579,37.995928,37.996096,37.996301,37.996656,37.99692,37.997171,37.99737,37.997564,37.997748,37.997908,37.997991,37.998096,37.998219,37.998733,37.998832,37.998891,37.998962,37.999469,37.999504,37.99956,37.999668,37.999559,37.999416,37.999294,37.999121,37.99889,37.998719,37.998814,37.99888,37.998954,37.999275,37.999449,37.999719,37.999992,38.000317,38.000837,38.001655,38.002053,38.002348,38.002543,38.002715,38.003041,38.003188,38.003336,38.003702,38.004886,38.005392,38.005676,38.005837,38.005979,38.00602,38.006201,38.006308,38.006621,38.006817,38.00698,38.007144,38.00744,38.008,38.008417,38.008559,38.008684,38.008769,38.008846,38.008925,38.008991,38.009014,38.009094,38.009146,38.009196,38.009259,38.009299,38.009362,38.009438,38.009508,38.009621,38.009832,38.01005,38.010237,38.010525,38.010718,38.010827,38.010976,38.011266,38.011789,38.01204,38.012589,38.013181,38.013288,38.013424,38.013564,38.013706,38.013847,38.014043,38.014204,38.014385,38.014697,38.014777,38.015013,38.015261,38.015409,38.015636,38.01583,38.016026,38.016182,38.016572,38.018174,38.018608,38.018962,38.019236,38.019315,38.019409,38.019454,38.020124,38.020564,38.020693,38.02075,38.020889,38.02114,38.021288,38.02142,38.02159,38.021796,38.021901,38.022298,38.022995,38.023129,38.023603,38.023855,38.024003,38.024597,38.024862,38.025219,38.026068,38.026308,38.027389,38.027455,38.027662,38.028363,38.028975,38.02999,38.030202,38.030593,38.030687,38.030833,38.031022,38.031256,38.031696,38.032042,38.032227,38.032383,38.032627,38.032703,38.033442,38.033542,38.03363,38.033696,38.033789,38.033901,38.033987,38.034101,38.03426,38.034425,38.03473,38.035591,38.036211,38.036485,38.036698,38.036993,38.037144,38.037322,38.037446,38.03781,38.037893,38.037936,38.038028,38.03815,38.038246,38.038363,38.038484,38.038692,38.039125,38.040122,38.041783,38.042059,38.042812,38.043695,38.044145,38.045685,38.046166,38.046423,38.046574,38.046793,38.046869,38.046957,38.047391,38.047908,38.048744,38.04914,38.049535,38.049893,38.050025,38.05013,38.050202,38.050254,38.050362,38.050549,38.05063,38.05071,38.050769,38.050791,38.050868,38.050936,38.051045,38.051171,38.051382,38.051894,38.052295,38.052377,38.052471,38.052821,38.053026,38.0535,38.053664,38.053744,38.05397,38.054184,38.054312,38.054658,38.054853,38.054893,38.05558,38.056015,38.056103,38.056593,38.056781,38.057015,38.057169,38.057275,38.057471,38.057851,38.05796,38.05831,38.058696,38.05925,38.059798,38.060161,38.06047,38.061175,38.06154,38.061877,38.062143,38.062357,38.062515,38.06278,38.062951,38.06317,38.063351,38.063554,38.063681,38.063891,38.063963,38.064193,38.064329,38.064493,38.064854,38.064977,38.065084,38.065184,38.065335,38.065423,38.065502,38.065608,38.066407,38.066695,38.067305,38.067623,38.068317,38.068672,38.069045,38.06956,38.069874,38.069993,38.070147,38.070293,38.070824,38.070993,38.071136,38.071288,38.071412,38.071655,38.071764,38.072066,38.072238,38.072469,38.072732,38.073117,38.073651,38.073848,38.07395,38.074041,38.074142,38.074236,38.074382,38.074512,38.07469,38.074815,38.074941,38.075378,38.075518,38.075591,38.075663,38.075739,38.075787,38.075968,38.076075,38.076192,38.076244,38.076324,38.076425,38.076469,38.076588,38.076627,38.07666,38.076683,38.0767,38.076745,38.076803,38.076857,38.077202,38.077367,38.077466,38.077572,38.077608,38.077629,38.077643,38.077679,38.077734,38.07778,38.077806,38.077836,38.077859,38.077894,38.077939,38.077988,38.078122,38.079455,38.079707,38.079853,38.079965,38.080069,38.081625,38.081857,38.082257,38.082391,38.082399,38.082587,38.08283,38.08313,38.083477,38.083759,38.084077,38.084411,38.084593,38.084791,38.085033,38.085545,38.085928,38.086653,38.087261,38.087364,38.088071,38.088639,38.089211,38.089553,38.089896,38.089972,38.090629,38.091338,38.091955,38.092552,38.093051,38.093506,38.093617,38.093709,38.093778,38.093876,38.093925,38.093978,38.094029,38.094089,38.094173,38.094216,38.094271,38.094337,38.094506,38.094817,38.09523,38.095478,38.095695,38.095911,38.096439,38.096854,38.097586,38.09773,38.097927,38.098108,38.098308,38.099521,38.099767,38.100469,38.100677,38.10133,38.101479,38.101694,38.102051,38.102406,38.103134,38.103327,38.103456,38.103603,38.103689,38.103774,38.104076,38.104595,38.104832,38.105313,38.105661,38.106262,38.106832,38.106968,38.107096,38.107295,38.107403,38.107555,38.107811,38.108069,38.108631,38.109116,38.110171,38.11049,38.110885,38.111153,38.111455,38.111961,38.11267,38.112921,38.113461,38.11354,38.113636,38.1137,38.113911,38.114031,38.114197,38.114498,38.114631,38.114812,38.114985,38.115112,38.115259,38.115538,38.115771,38.115797,38.115636,38.115336,38.115036,38.114925,38.114736,38.114536,38.114336,38.114196,38.114036,38.113936,38.113536,38.113036,38.112636,38.112136,38.111736,38.111536,38.111636,38.111636,38.111732,38.111936,38.112087,38.112136,38.112236,38.112236,38.112171,38.112136,38.112036,38.111936,38.112036,38.111936,38.111936,38.111836,38.111636,38.111436,38.111163,38.111136,38.111036,38.110936,38.110836,38.110821,38.110736,38.110636,38.110436,38.110136,38.109936,38.109736,38.109428,38.109136,38.108836,38.108636,38.108436,38.108336,38.108136,38.108136,38.108136,38.108236,38.108336,38.108536,38.108836,38.10891,38.109136,38.109436,38.109436,38.109336,38.109336,38.109336,38.109336,38.109436,38.109666,38.109736,38.110036,38.110236,38.110536,38.110736,38.111236,38.111436,38.111636,38.111636,38.111536,38.111436,38.111236,38.111036,38.110636,38.110436,38.110348,38.110136,38.110036,38.110036,38.110136,38.110236,38.110536,38.110736,38.110936,38.111036,38.111036,38.111236,38.111336,38.111398,38.111436,38.111536,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111436,38.111536,38.111577,38.111736,38.112036,38.112236,38.112436,38.112736,38.113036,38.113136,38.113136,38.112936,38.112688,38.112636,38.112536,38.112436,38.112336,38.11233,38.112235,38.112236,38.112236,38.111936,38.111712,38.111536,38.111493,38.111236,38.111036,38.110836,38.110736,38.110703,38.110694,38.110636,38.110436,38.110436,38.110436,38.110536,38.110536,38.110436,38.110375,38.110236,38.110136,38.109936,38.109636,38.109436,38.109396,38.109236,38.109136,38.109028,38.108936,38.108836,38.108736,38.108736,38.108636,38.108536,38.108436,38.108436,38.108436,38.108336,38.108236,38.108036,38.107936,38.107836,38.107636,38.107436,38.107436,38.107473,38.107485,38.107536,38.107536,38.107436,38.107436,38.107226,38.107186,38.106736,38.106436,38.106336,38.106336,38.106336,38.106437,38.106509,38.106537,38.106459,38.106237,38.105937,38.105737,38.105637,38.105937,38.106237,38.106237,38.106237,38.106186,38.106137,38.106096,38.105837,38.105537,38.105537,38.105537,38.105537,38.105318,38.105237,38.104737,38.104437,38.103937,38.103731,38.103237,38.103037,38.102537,38.101737,38.101337,38.101128,38.100836,38.100337,38.100037,38.100024,38.099937,38.099837,38.099937,38.100737,38.100937,38.100937,38.101737,38.102437,38.102574,38.102637,38.103237,38.103384,38.103937,38.104237,38.104434,38.104538,38.104438,38.104337,38.104038,38.103437,38.102938,38.102738,38.102138,38.102038,38.101985,38.101836,38.101337,38.100681,38.100438,38.099938,38.099785,38.099436,38.098738,38.098438,38.098338,38.098538,38.099038,38.099738,38.099838,38.099938,38.099938,38.100038,38.100138,38.100238,38.100338,38.100538,38.101038,38.101438,38.101938,38.102634,38.102838,38.103338,38.103838,38.104338,38.104738,38.104838,38.105038,38.105038,38.105138,38.105738,38.106038,38.105836,38.105917,38.105919,38.106239,38.106039,38.105736,38.105339,38.105037,38.104738,38.104639,38.104639,38.104439,38.104337,38.103839,38.103639,38.103186,38.103138,38.103106,38.102439,38.102154,38.101736,38.101139,38.100839,38.100791,38.100639,38.100439,38.099839,38.099301,38.099239,38.098936,38.098039,38.097738,38.097556,38.097539,38.097239,38.097239,38.097239,38.097139,38.096539,38.096003,38.096,38.095937,38.095812,38.095783,38.095711,38.095325,38.094867,38.094639,38.093783,38.093539,38.093539,38.093539,38.093346,38.093339,38.093039,38.092839,38.092436,38.09184,38.09134,38.09074,38.09024,38.09006,38.08974,38.089708,38.089232,38.089193,38.08854,38.08784,38.08724,38.08634,38.08584,38.08564,38.08544,38.08554,38.08594,38.08624,38.08654,38.08684,38.08684,38.08674,38.086377,38.08624,38.08584,38.085318,38.085296,38.085186,38.085079,38.085043,38.085021,38.084992,38.084958,38.084934,38.084919,38.084886,38.084831,38.084795,38.084778,38.084731,38.084725,38.084714,38.084655,38.084617,38.084527,38.084432,38.084338,38.084202,38.084105,38.083978,38.083766,38.083608,38.083486,38.082923,38.082832,38.082767,38.082678,38.082616,38.082536,38.082417,38.082283,38.08227,38.082261,38.082268,38.082279,38.082309,38.082463,38.082541,38.082986,38.083127,38.083191,38.083267,38.083336,38.083433,38.083484,38.083524,38.083532,38.083582,38.083628,38.083682,38.083753,38.083848,38.083935,38.084029,38.084095,38.084143,38.084171,38.084185,38.084187,38.084179,38.084149,38.084122,38.084112,38.084076,38.084025,38.083959,38.083887,38.08377,38.083629,38.083339,38.083271,38.0832,38.083103,38.082825,38.082778,38.082746,38.082741,38.082735,38.082715,38.082681,38.082632,38.082502,38.082404,38.082308,38.08228,38.082251,38.0822,38.082162,38.082092,38.081637,38.081427,38.081313,38.081083,38.080962,38.08077,38.079719,38.07948,38.07917,38.078961,38.078874,38.078491,38.078334,38.077809,38.076997,38.076711,38.076096,38.075089,38.074576,38.073955,38.073749,38.073501,38.07319,38.072941,38.072399,38.072242,38.072069,38.071145,38.071014,38.070845,38.070227,38.070123,38.06982,38.06941,38.069244,38.068147,38.067666,38.067434,38.067129,38.067031,38.066307,38.065794,38.065586,38.065528,38.065292,38.064231,38.06393,38.063728,38.063537,38.063464,38.063069,38.062959,38.062893,38.062853,38.06271,38.062585,38.062493,38.062391,38.062282,38.062138,38.061987,38.061508,38.061193,38.059638,38.059365,38.05861,38.058549,38.058252,38.057961,38.057678,38.057266,38.057193,38.056978,38.056763,38.056726,38.056558,38.056364,38.056253,38.055524,38.055472,38.055198,38.055064,38.054487,38.054324,38.054129,38.053423,38.053226,38.053169,38.053052,38.052873,38.05275,38.052418,38.052024,38.051709,38.051371,38.050966,38.050819,38.050609,38.050383,38.050116,38.049851,38.049651,38.049461,38.049407,38.049352,38.048974,38.048572,38.048389,38.048181,38.048051,38.047636,38.047518,38.047409,38.047215,38.047033,38.046683,38.046521,38.046424,38.04625,38.046026,38.045997,38.045942,38.045761,38.045669,38.045516,38.045348,38.045252,38.045169,38.045017,38.044973,38.044943,38.044929,38.044925,38.044924,38.044949,38.044973,38.045025,38.045091,38.045154,38.045286,38.045335,38.045371,38.045395,38.0454,38.045398,38.045387,38.045337,38.045251,38.045129,38.045079,38.045049,38.044999,38.044936,38.044883,38.044841,38.044752,38.044651,38.044608,38.044486,38.044356,38.044218,38.044151,38.043802,38.042971,38.042249,38.041851,38.04095,38.040544,38.040262,38.040022,38.039786,38.03967,38.038829,38.038597,38.038406,38.038145,38.038061,38.037888,38.03771,38.03749,38.037191,38.037041,38.036613,38.036316,38.036205,38.035557,38.034332,38.033969,38.033807,38.033679,38.033555,38.033241,38.032873,38.032417,38.032189,38.032125,38.031668,38.03137,38.030677,38.030454,38.030297,38.030139,38.029866,38.029759,38.029522,38.029401,38.029239,38.028681,38.028517,38.028415,38.028282,38.028149,38.028042,38.02792,38.027853,38.027707,38.027552,38.027488,38.027178,38.026951,38.026714,38.026548,38.026244,38.026056,38.025949,38.025815,38.025694,38.02563,38.025262,38.025207,38.025064,38.025004,38.024957,38.024925,38.024896,38.024809,38.024786,38.02478,38.024777,38.024794,38.024823,38.024844,38.024847,38.024841,38.024839,38.024823,38.024773,38.024698,38.024609,38.02457,38.024541,38.024461,38.024367,38.024109,38.023741,38.023552,38.023346,38.023254,38.022548,38.022285,38.021604,38.021225,38.020796,38.020666,38.019937,38.019324,38.019144,38.018817,38.018462,38.018312,38.017975,38.017646,38.017111,38.016713,38.016487,38.016389,38.016178,38.01603,38.01587,38.015596,38.015272,38.014983,38.014709,38.013971,38.013596,38.012746,38.012594,38.01152,38.010128,38.009886,38.00964,38.008931,38.008613,38.008451,38.008316,38.00798,38.007848,38.007594,38.007283,38.006907,38.006568,38.00529,38.004681,38.004677,38.004512,38.0045,38.004503,38.004512,38.004521,38.004553,38.004579,38.004618,38.004716,38.004864,38.004961,38.004998,38.005021,38.005041,38.005079,38.005128,38.005172,38.005254,38.005145,38.005044,38.004829,38.004652,38.00375,38.003277,38.003168,38.00296,38.002816,38.002693,38.001814,38.001519,38.001332,38.001182,38.001037,38.00089,38.000783,38.000659,38.00058,38.000435,38.000216,37.999793,37.999667,37.999446,37.999053,37.998908,37.998655,37.998601,37.998262,37.998108,37.997794,37.997338,37.996963,37.996701,37.996317,37.996166,37.995731,37.99499,37.994197,37.993856,37.993572,37.993085,37.992938,37.992767,37.992656,37.992616,37.992564,37.992492,37.992452,37.992394,37.992354,37.992316,37.992271,37.992128,37.992066,37.991928,37.991893,37.991539,37.991335,37.991259,37.991197,37.991149,37.991092,37.991061,37.991022,37.990996,37.990998,37.991013,37.991029,37.99105,37.991109,37.991167,37.991285,37.992411,37.992569,37.992819,37.993222,37.993287,37.993357,37.993385,37.993408,37.993416,37.993418,37.993417,37.992446,37.991857,37.991727,37.991561,37.991383,37.991206,37.991017,37.990763,37.990621,37.989538,37.988403,37.987051,37.986092,37.985888,37.985023,37.984761,37.984584,37.98436,37.984133,37.983824,37.983578,37.983039,37.983008,37.982935,37.982893,37.982845,37.982798,37.982733,37.98247,37.981911,37.981801,37.981591,37.98151,37.98147,37.981304,37.981077,37.980522,37.980042,37.978687,37.978253,37.9781,37.977353,37.976937,37.976665,37.976104,37.975933,37.975799,37.97562,37.975297,37.975207,37.975129,37.975062,37.975009,37.974867,37.974571,37.974297,37.974044,37.973908,37.973798,37.973694,37.973628,37.973501,37.973323,37.972946,37.972778,37.972639,37.972575,37.972548,37.972502,37.972481,37.972345,37.97223,37.972118,37.971775,37.971267,37.970584,37.96996,37.969662,37.9695,37.969305,37.968952,37.96855,37.968182,37.967898,37.967584,37.967503,37.967378,37.967202,37.967047,37.966883,37.966599,37.966252,37.965917,37.965645,37.965447,37.965224,37.965,37.964786,37.963562,37.963213,37.963118,37.962477,37.962291,37.96148,37.961061,37.959954,37.959514,37.958966,37.958459,37.958298,37.95807,37.957888,37.957616,37.957394,37.957117,37.956979,37.95662,37.956368,37.956294,37.955663,37.955353,37.954877,37.954805,37.95426,37.953299,37.952871,37.952704,37.952597,37.952535,37.952455,37.952342,37.952283,37.952088,37.951823,37.951669,37.951549,37.951283,37.951175,37.95114,37.950971,37.950788,37.950662,37.950523,37.950329,37.950204,37.949987,37.949801,37.949666,37.949543,37.94946,37.949168,37.949128,37.948992,37.948521,37.948391,37.947929,37.947608,37.947382,37.94702,37.946912,37.946851,37.946765,37.946667,37.946418,37.946213,37.946102,37.945569,37.94504,37.944787,37.944633,37.944437,37.944375,37.943605,37.943165,37.942922,37.942215,37.942391,37.94258,37.942858,37.942995,37.943113,37.943303,37.943448,37.943618,37.943839,37.944023,37.944195,37.944278,37.944351,37.944433,37.944528,37.944642,37.944736,37.944827,37.944864,37.944908,37.944923,37.944997,37.945508,37.945824,37.946357,37.946812,37.947195,37.947352,37.947399,37.947448,37.947462,37.947486,37.947551,37.947586,37.947619,37.947646,37.9477,37.947748,37.94778,37.947887,37.947994,37.948203,37.948357,37.948484,37.948539,37.948623,37.948704,37.948758,37.949013,37.949322,37.949505,37.9496,37.949696,37.949791,37.949866,37.95003,37.950075,37.950528,37.950689,37.951071,37.951114,37.951259,37.951642,37.952298,37.953423,37.953544,37.953663,37.953801,37.953867,37.954073,37.954592,37.954728,37.954868,37.954957,37.955253,37.955437,37.955729,37.95629,37.956466,37.956639,37.956808,37.956949,37.957142,37.957381,37.957704,37.957833,37.958138,37.958372,37.958771,37.958975,37.959048,37.959152,37.959391,37.959691,37.959971,37.960657,37.961109,37.961396,37.961786,37.962136,37.962531,37.96268,37.962801,37.962952,37.963103,37.963806,37.963983,37.964115,37.96416,37.964335,37.964474,37.964667,37.964996,37.965397,37.965962,37.966521,37.966711,37.96688,37.967335,37.967497,37.967698,37.967904,37.968114,37.968219,37.968414,37.968527,37.968943,37.969368,37.969515,37.969695,37.970368,37.970808,37.971133,37.971514,37.971819,37.971875,37.971986,37.972105,37.972225,37.972374,37.972493,37.973163,37.973627,37.974405,37.975212,37.975354,37.975487,37.97553,37.975609,37.975677,37.97586,37.976084,37.976444,37.976814,37.976932,37.977068,37.977159,37.977378,37.977545,37.977652,37.977837,37.978007,37.978194,37.978348,37.978936,37.978958,37.979071,37.979579,37.979697,37.979864,37.979954,37.980105,37.980253,37.980397,37.980508,37.980678,37.981255,37.981396,37.981587,37.981879,37.982212,37.982692,37.98285,37.98301,37.983138,37.983701,37.98384,37.98426,37.984505,37.98475,37.984994,37.985241,37.985437,37.986146,37.986539,37.986711,37.986938,37.987219,37.987326,37.987465,37.987634,37.987795,37.987984,37.988122,37.988247,37.988407,37.988576,37.989042,37.989071,37.990259,37.990668,37.990798,37.990867,37.991067,37.991268]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.306466,-78.305779,-78.303899,-78.303075,-78.299727,-78.298663,-78.296879,-78.296122,-78.295032,-78.293178,-78.291825,-78.289254,-78.287237,-78.284962,-78.28492,-78.283595,-78.280679,-78.279137,-78.279001,-78.278935,-78.278492,-78.278374,-78.277636,-78.277469,-78.276507,-78.275381,-78.274773,-78.271446,-78.269683,-78.265879,-78.262995,-78.262106,-78.259842,-78.259769,-78.259608,-78.257329,-78.253989,-78.253686,-78.253201,-78.252926,-78.252682,-78.252413,-78.252176,-78.251529,-78.250544,-78.250047,-78.249904,-78.249744,-78.249693,-78.249559,-78.249472,-78.249254,-78.249043,-78.248895,-78.248772,-78.248705,-78.248635,-78.248435,-78.248346,-78.248289,-78.248197,-78.24812,-78.248041,-78.248014,-78.247969,-78.247964,-78.24792,-78.247904,-78.247853,-78.247754,-78.247638,-78.247588,-78.24754,-78.247332,-78.247112,-78.247032,-78.246946,-78.246858,-78.246749,-78.246664,-78.24658,-78.246366,-78.246133,-78.246014,-78.245879,-78.245768,-78.245734,-78.245631,-78.245545,-78.245345,-78.245279,-78.245202,-78.244923,-78.244834,-78.244786,-78.244744,-78.244652,-78.244542,-78.244211,-78.24403,-78.243874,-78.24377,-78.243592,-78.24344,-78.243385,-78.243125,-78.242868,-78.242686,-78.242601,-78.242533,-78.242482,-78.242451,-78.242432,-78.242411,-78.242401,-78.242407,-78.242422,-78.242303,-78.24211,-78.241324,-78.241015,-78.240784,-78.239826,-78.239146,-78.23838,-78.237471,-78.236812,-78.235882,-78.235512,-78.235166,-78.234741,-78.234629,-78.234528,-78.234433,-78.234396,-78.234161,-78.234017,-78.23386,-78.233749,-78.233606,-78.2335,-78.233376,-78.233294,-78.233135,-78.232961,-78.232511,-78.232166,-78.231897,-78.231746,-78.231326,-78.23098,-78.230586,-78.229851,-78.229326,-78.229145,-78.22872,-78.228552,-78.228396,-78.227318,-78.22694,-78.226796,-78.226561,-78.226396,-78.226279,-78.226129,-78.225998,-78.22564,-78.225369,-78.225115,-78.224816,-78.224572,-78.224125,-78.223538,-78.223218,-78.222956,-78.222593,-78.222418,-78.222197,-78.22193,-78.221404,-78.221062,-78.220774,-78.220418,-78.22002,-78.219551,-78.219183,-78.218905,-78.218626,-78.218523,-78.218287,-78.218101,-78.217918,-78.216538,-78.216067,-78.215879,-78.215649,-78.21547,-78.215148,-78.214837,-78.214589,-78.214346,-78.213937,-78.213751,-78.21361,-78.213374,-78.213194,-78.213015,-78.212859,-78.212456,-78.211945,-78.211772,-78.211454,-78.211269,-78.211079,-78.210881,-78.210523,-78.210386,-78.210264,-78.209984,-78.209867,-78.209754,-78.209626,-78.209363,-78.209224,-78.209039,-78.208696,-78.208517,-78.2082,-78.207918,-78.207859,-78.207703,-78.207245,-78.206277,-78.205965,-78.205746,-78.205081,-78.204482,-78.203561,-78.203432,-78.203336,-78.203227,-78.203079,-78.202997,-78.202829,-78.202766,-78.202674,-78.202612,-78.202256,-78.202002,-78.201741,-78.201628,-78.201549,-78.201237,-78.201028,-78.200814,-78.200603,-78.200143,-78.199973,-78.199771,-78.199673,-78.199548,-78.199468,-78.199396,-78.199299,-78.199198,-78.199095,-78.198694,-78.197671,-78.19612,-78.195775,-78.195365,-78.195093,-78.194278,-78.193981,-78.193574,-78.193016,-78.192407,-78.192177,-78.191818,-78.191042,-78.190605,-78.190521,-78.190372,-78.189332,-78.187296,-78.185894,-78.185431,-78.185059,-78.184153,-78.183881,-78.183444,-78.183021,-78.18172,-78.181434,-78.181156,-78.180595,-78.180119,-78.179906,-78.179617,-78.178481,-78.177147,-78.176017,-78.175487,-78.173297,-78.172978,-78.171404,-78.171077,-78.170937,-78.17049,-78.170083,-78.169176,-78.168749,-78.1683,-78.167821,-78.16735,-78.166764,-78.166642,-78.166468,-78.16636,-78.166185,-78.165852,-78.165582,-78.165546,-78.165465,-78.165411,-78.164939,-78.16466,-78.164393,-78.164249,-78.16415,-78.164092,-78.164028,-78.163936,-78.163861,-78.163628,-78.163516,-78.16336,-78.163051,-78.162825,-78.162624,-78.162384,-78.16215,-78.161615,-78.161258,-78.160764,-78.160493,-78.160251,-78.160136,-78.16005,-78.159933,-78.15963,-78.159416,-78.159158,-78.159046,-78.15882,-78.158519,-78.15838,-78.158082,-78.157918,-78.156624,-78.156112,-78.154604,-78.154273,-78.153697,-78.153329,-78.153086,-78.15245,-78.151879,-78.151792,-78.1517,-78.151636,-78.151587,-78.15155,-78.151388,-78.151379,-78.151341,-78.151324,-78.151286,-78.151219,-78.151147,-78.151043,-78.150443,-78.150126,-78.149969,-78.149578,-78.1493,-78.149038,-78.148656,-78.148512,-78.148179,-78.147888,-78.147799,-78.147643,-78.147573,-78.1475,-78.147374,-78.147113,-78.147046,-78.146989,-78.146957,-78.146941,-78.146932,-78.146943,-78.146986,-78.146994,-78.146947,-78.146915,-78.146854,-78.146851,-78.14684,-78.146818,-78.14673,-78.146672,-78.146604,-78.14658,-78.146543,-78.146476,-78.146288,-78.146152,-78.145802,-78.145529,-78.145369,-78.145054,-78.144876,-78.144724,-78.144659,-78.144635,-78.144609,-78.144599,-78.144513,-78.14441,-78.144292,-78.144157,-78.143941,-78.143846,-78.143594,-78.143121,-78.142925,-78.142788,-78.142558,-78.142443,-78.142234,-78.141779,-78.141247,-78.140769,-78.139973,-78.139449,-78.13916,-78.139034,-78.138936,-78.138634,-78.138367,-78.137898,-78.137747,-78.137682,-78.137602,-78.137529,-78.137448,-78.137102,-78.13624,-78.136134,-78.136171,-78.136435,-78.136497,-78.136567,-78.136802,-78.136858,-78.137059,-78.137142,-78.137233,-78.137711,-78.137878,-78.138162,-78.13828,-78.138329,-78.138655,-78.138863,-78.139216,-78.13973,-78.140298,-78.140451,-78.140548,-78.140659,-78.140832,-78.140992,-78.141117,-78.141859,-78.142019,-78.142172,-78.142297,-78.142498,-78.142769,-78.142894,-78.143123,-78.143331,-78.143428,-78.143962,-78.144073,-78.144323,-78.1444,-78.144629,-78.144719,-78.145225,-78.145281,-78.14533,-78.145628,-78.145691,-78.145982,-78.146169,-78.146253,-78.146531,-78.14669,-78.146704,-78.146559,-78.146524,-78.146482,-78.146427,-78.146371,-78.146115,-78.146066,-78.146039,-78.146018,-78.146094,-78.146108,-78.146067,-78.146081,-78.146108,-78.146143,-78.146206,-78.146504,-78.146886,-78.147149,-78.147253,-78.147531,-78.147559,-78.147573,-78.147566,-78.147573,-78.147587,-78.14783,-78.14801,-78.148093,-78.148191,-78.148399,-78.148641,-78.148801,-78.148988,-78.149176,-78.149335,-78.1498,-78.149897,-78.149966,-78.150126,-78.150161,-78.150272,-78.150417,-78.150528,-78.150834,-78.150938,-78.151069,-78.15118,-78.15125,-78.151305,-78.151382,-78.151444,-78.151479,-78.151472,-78.151417,-78.151389,-78.151362,-78.151327,-78.151202,-78.151161,-78.151154,-78.151182,-78.151293,-78.151341,-78.151369,-78.151439,-78.151522,-78.151931,-78.152077,-78.152216,-78.152382,-78.152549,-78.152979,-78.153485,-78.153707,-78.154116,-78.154172,-78.154255,-78.154879,-78.15499,-78.155295,-78.155399,-78.155767,-78.15594,-78.156079,-78.156218,-78.156752,-78.157432,-78.157896,-78.158167,-78.158462,-78.158729,-78.158882,-78.159048,-78.159825,-78.160012,-78.160422,-78.160748,-78.16124,-78.161594,-78.161844,-78.16201,-78.162156,-78.162246,-78.162773,-78.162884,-78.163009,-78.163106,-78.163419,-78.163647,-78.163932,-78.164008,-78.164223,-78.164348,-78.164507,-78.164792,-78.16509,-78.165292,-78.165361,-78.165458,-78.165576,-78.165673,-78.165881,-78.166041,-78.166089,-78.166124,-78.166242,-78.166291,-78.166478,-78.166533,-78.166658,-78.166901,-78.166957,-78.167047,-78.167109,-78.167227,-78.167304,-78.167318,-78.167269,-78.167269,-78.167297,-78.167332,-78.167491,-78.168164,-78.168233,-78.168594,-78.168754,-78.169225,-78.169337,-78.169482,-78.169559,-78.16969,-78.169822,-78.169857,-78.170051,-78.170093,-78.170134,-78.170197,-78.170426,-78.170488,-78.170544,-78.170606,-78.170682,-78.171043,-78.171127,-78.171237,-78.171335,-78.171473,-78.171827,-78.171952,-78.172,-78.172035,-78.17207,-78.172084,-78.172063,-78.172035,-78.172007,-78.171917,-78.171806,-78.171765,-78.171682,-78.171591,-78.171598,-78.171619,-78.171806,-78.171834,-78.171848,-78.171793,-78.17182,-78.171883,-78.17207,-78.172126,-78.172181,-78.172251,-78.172521,-78.172646,-78.172715,-78.172778,-78.173028,-78.173194,-78.173298,-78.173617,-78.173735,-78.173777,-78.173798,-78.173818,-78.173957,-78.173978,-78.174027,-78.174089,-78.174165,-78.174207,-78.174249,-78.174429,-78.174484,-78.174526,-78.174477,-78.174477,-78.174595,-78.174984,-78.175088,-78.17522,-78.175324,-78.175594,-78.175664,-78.176316,-78.176558,-78.176628,-78.176732,-78.176808,-78.176905,-78.177009,-78.177238,-78.17764,-78.177737,-78.177959,-78.178161,-78.17841,-78.1785,-78.17859,-78.178764,-78.179,-78.179568,-78.179683,-78.180297,-78.180388,-78.178959,-78.178151,-78.177916,-78.177182,-78.176704,-78.175359,-78.173788,-78.173332,-78.173003,-78.172202,-78.170979,-78.170476,-78.170029,-78.16957,-78.169517,-78.169115,-78.168762,-78.168249,-78.167251,-78.165671,-78.164554,-78.16395,-78.164014,-78.164112,-78.164208,-78.164287,-78.164355,-78.164534,-78.164555,-78.164561,-78.164551,-78.164508,-78.164367,-78.164361,-78.164382,-78.164415,-78.164454,-78.164504,-78.164618,-78.164705,-78.1648,-78.164907,-78.165027,-78.165163,-78.165334,-78.165593,-78.166086,-78.166294,-78.166539,-78.167247,-78.169131,-78.169932,-78.170389,-78.170739,-78.170956,-78.171013,-78.171458,-78.172061,-78.172379,-78.172781,-78.173397,-78.173623,-78.173855,-78.173929,-78.173955,-78.17397,-78.174004,-78.174087,-78.174106,-78.174134,-78.174198,-78.174298,-78.177257,-78.180617,-78.180982,-78.181078,-78.188321,-78.190165,-78.192125,-78.193025,-78.195818,-78.195959,-78.201087,-78.203293,-78.205125,-78.205325,-78.207391,-78.208822,-78.209001,-78.213229,-78.213999,-78.214042,-78.214403,-78.21455,-78.214623,-78.214631,-78.214654,-78.21474,-78.215163,-78.215559,-78.219157,-78.219244,-78.219303,-78.219381,-78.219455,-78.220092,-78.220143,-78.220247,-78.220266,-78.220546,-78.220631,-78.221516,-78.221668,-78.221755,-78.221891,-78.2219,-78.222501,-78.223179,-78.223247,-78.223267,-78.223286,-78.223299,-78.223307,-78.223317,-78.223364,-78.223524,-78.223813,-78.227941,-78.228263,-78.230126,-78.230175,-78.230204,-78.230625,-78.231209,-78.231314,-78.231426,-78.232374,-78.232626,-78.234627,-78.235643,-78.236126,-78.237726,-78.238626,-78.239026,-78.241928,-78.242926,-78.243826,-78.245229,-78.245739,-78.245752,-78.245766,-78.246532,-78.246961,-78.24802,-78.249125,-78.249139,-78.249181,-78.249218,-78.249235,-78.249259,-78.249725,-78.249725,-78.249726,-78.249927,-78.250529,-78.25074,-78.250846,-78.251327,-78.251928,-78.252227,-78.252429,-78.252527,-78.252725,-78.252868,-78.253011,-78.253296,-78.254295,-78.254517,-78.255325,-78.255498,-78.25555,-78.255628,-78.256727,-78.258027,-78.260827,-78.260966,-78.262627,-78.264027,-78.265231,-78.266101,-78.266405,-78.266435,-78.266536,-78.26685,-78.266926,-78.266956,-78.266976,-78.267124,-78.269123,-78.270454,-78.272027,-78.272532,-78.272654,-78.272822,-78.272845,-78.272969,-78.273024,-78.273086,-78.273097,-78.273108,-78.27319,-78.274032,-78.274191,-78.27506,-78.275804,-78.275822,-78.275881,-78.275979,-78.276527,-78.277434,-78.278137,-78.278228,-78.278535,-78.279039,-78.279378,-78.279428,-78.280138,-78.280728,-78.282431,-78.283056,-78.283212,-78.283368,-78.283837,-78.2841,-78.284133,-78.284166,-78.284231,-78.284822,-78.286533,-78.286653,-78.287428,-78.287511,-78.287609,-78.288919,-78.288941,-78.288971,-78.289783,-78.290044,-78.291999,-78.292598,-78.293709,-78.293744,-78.293797,-78.294042,-78.29406,-78.294071,-78.294098,-78.295702,-78.297492,-78.297852,-78.298334,-78.298487,-78.298634,-78.298759,-78.298778,-78.298837,-78.299281,-78.299361,-78.299443,-78.299558,-78.299626,-78.299671,-78.299892,-78.299927,-78.299988,-78.300208,-78.300228,-78.30024,-78.301158,-78.301201,-78.301299,-78.301596,-78.301877,-78.304043,-78.304325,-78.304337,-78.304348,-78.305857,-78.306763,-78.306466],"lat":[38.006794,38.007526,38.009535,38.010414,38.013993,38.015129,38.017034,38.017844,38.019005,38.020989,38.022431,38.025177,38.027332,38.029761,38.029806,38.031456,38.035088,38.037001,38.03717,38.037252,38.037803,38.03795,38.038867,38.039075,38.040274,38.041677,38.042429,38.045697,38.047433,38.051154,38.053983,38.054849,38.057073,38.05715,38.05731,38.059536,38.062813,38.06327,38.063144,38.063081,38.063037,38.062997,38.062968,38.062882,38.062743,38.062677,38.062654,38.062616,38.0626,38.062539,38.062487,38.062339,38.062172,38.062063,38.061944,38.061863,38.061784,38.061558,38.061481,38.061447,38.061416,38.061401,38.061395,38.061396,38.06104,38.060834,38.060343,38.060212,38.060008,38.059669,38.059334,38.059165,38.058998,38.058239,38.057496,38.057194,38.056836,38.056533,38.056224,38.056003,38.055818,38.055442,38.054958,38.054755,38.054559,38.054385,38.054328,38.054129,38.053925,38.053276,38.053097,38.052899,38.052234,38.051982,38.051817,38.051662,38.051375,38.051093,38.050344,38.04994,38.049617,38.049455,38.049212,38.048995,38.048912,38.048493,38.048063,38.047724,38.047529,38.047331,38.047129,38.046953,38.046818,38.0466,38.046327,38.046054,38.045874,38.045822,38.045742,38.045445,38.045346,38.045281,38.045047,38.044799,38.044501,38.044156,38.043901,38.043557,38.043415,38.043291,38.043123,38.043054,38.042976,38.042878,38.04283,38.042489,38.042258,38.041975,38.041728,38.041327,38.041093,38.040864,38.040729,38.04053,38.040338,38.0399,38.039587,38.039362,38.039246,38.038951,38.038723,38.038491,38.038092,38.037825,38.037737,38.037538,38.037443,38.037337,38.036572,38.036303,38.036204,38.036053,38.035957,38.035905,38.035861,38.035839,38.035817,38.035808,38.035785,38.035741,38.03569,38.035566,38.0354,38.035303,38.035237,38.035169,38.035143,38.035124,38.035118,38.035153,38.035181,38.035217,38.035277,38.035352,38.035422,38.035472,38.035494,38.035502,38.035499,38.035473,38.035442,38.035401,38.035068,38.034967,38.03492,38.034849,38.034784,38.034637,38.034476,38.034337,38.034218,38.034044,38.033948,38.033862,38.033695,38.033585,38.033487,38.033425,38.033305,38.033147,38.033078,38.032904,38.032794,38.032661,38.032519,38.032228,38.032091,38.031945,38.031581,38.031402,38.031256,38.031117,38.030867,38.030756,38.030629,38.030427,38.030328,38.030182,38.030059,38.030034,38.02998,38.029811,38.029473,38.029355,38.029258,38.029038,38.028827,38.028527,38.02847,38.028415,38.028337,38.028187,38.028093,38.02788,38.027781,38.027664,38.027597,38.027282,38.027076,38.026876,38.026769,38.026677,38.02626,38.025973,38.025708,38.025384,38.02472,38.024517,38.024343,38.024259,38.024144,38.024093,38.02406,38.024031,38.024015,38.024014,38.024042,38.024104,38.024277,38.024324,38.024361,38.02439,38.024467,38.024491,38.024524,38.024582,38.024656,38.024678,38.024696,38.024768,38.024796,38.024807,38.024827,38.024934,38.025106,38.025245,38.025295,38.025322,38.025411,38.025442,38.025478,38.025523,38.025636,38.025664,38.025686,38.025745,38.025789,38.025803,38.025832,38.025933,38.026066,38.026173,38.026218,38.026419,38.026443,38.026599,38.026644,38.026665,38.026703,38.026743,38.026822,38.026864,38.026915,38.026961,38.027,38.027037,38.02704,38.027031,38.027016,38.026966,38.026847,38.026735,38.026712,38.026646,38.026586,38.026012,38.025626,38.025202,38.02485,38.02459,38.024382,38.024203,38.024003,38.023868,38.023535,38.023399,38.023225,38.022829,38.022564,38.022318,38.022054,38.021772,38.021162,38.020802,38.020297,38.020036,38.01982,38.019705,38.019603,38.019478,38.019173,38.018933,38.018632,38.018509,38.018236,38.017854,38.017698,38.017345,38.017143,38.017172,38.017179,38.017166,38.017169,38.017167,38.017149,38.017126,38.017043,38.016938,38.016908,38.016855,38.016799,38.016735,38.01665,38.014898,38.014793,38.014525,38.014467,38.014375,38.014272,38.014194,38.014113,38.013621,38.013345,38.013189,38.012741,38.012391,38.012051,38.011541,38.011358,38.010911,38.010502,38.010358,38.01014,38.01003,38.009888,38.009557,38.008926,38.008731,38.008493,38.008317,38.008205,38.008032,38.007879,38.007502,38.007358,38.006995,38.006686,38.006268,38.006178,38.006062,38.00595,38.005399,38.004931,38.004503,38.004269,38.004134,38.003977,38.003659,38.003443,38.002949,38.002554,38.002353,38.001984,38.001795,38.00161,38.001537,38.001487,38.001407,38.001386,38.001271,38.001147,38.001018,38.000856,38.000527,38.000347,37.999753,37.998791,37.998409,37.998179,37.997827,37.997678,37.99742,37.996875,37.996284,37.995792,37.994994,37.994482,37.994246,37.994132,37.994035,37.993731,37.993431,37.992838,37.992659,37.992575,37.992499,37.992446,37.992399,37.992236,37.991844,37.991793,37.991766,37.991607,37.991601,37.991607,37.991739,37.99175,37.991695,37.99164,37.991607,37.991558,37.991591,37.991597,37.991608,37.991624,37.991811,37.991916,37.99202,37.992212,37.992476,37.992526,37.992542,37.992553,37.992548,37.992509,37.99246,37.99212,37.992032,37.991917,37.991791,37.991544,37.991248,37.991127,37.990935,37.990781,37.990721,37.990463,37.990397,37.990194,37.990101,37.989876,37.989832,37.989728,37.989695,37.989651,37.98925,37.989184,37.989003,37.988844,37.98874,37.988268,37.987972,37.987884,37.987697,37.987637,37.987499,37.987428,37.98739,37.987296,37.987269,37.98723,37.987181,37.987005,37.986928,37.986654,37.986577,37.986528,37.986489,37.986445,37.986286,37.986028,37.985891,37.98582,37.985562,37.985518,37.985485,37.985392,37.985309,37.985287,37.985128,37.984958,37.984898,37.984854,37.984783,37.984722,37.984695,37.984684,37.984695,37.984717,37.984827,37.984838,37.984838,37.984789,37.984767,37.984695,37.984558,37.98447,37.98441,37.984377,37.984322,37.984257,37.984196,37.984125,37.98401,37.983883,37.983697,37.98357,37.98334,37.982906,37.982785,37.982719,37.982538,37.982445,37.982362,37.982236,37.981989,37.981781,37.98172,37.981643,37.981577,37.981303,37.981347,37.981358,37.981353,37.981331,37.981232,37.98115,37.981095,37.980953,37.980942,37.980942,37.981013,37.981041,37.981216,37.981266,37.981381,37.981403,37.981414,37.981409,37.981343,37.98131,37.981267,37.981217,37.981145,37.981064,37.980993,37.980888,37.980345,37.980169,37.979955,37.97984,37.979637,37.97956,37.979478,37.979434,37.979412,37.979407,37.979423,37.979418,37.979396,37.979363,37.979166,37.979094,37.9791,37.979116,37.979133,37.979127,37.9791,37.978979,37.978683,37.978447,37.978386,37.978343,37.978304,37.978249,37.977997,37.977892,37.977849,37.977805,37.977585,37.977547,37.977437,37.977382,37.977184,37.976981,37.976915,37.976822,37.976734,37.976504,37.976317,37.976224,37.975971,37.975894,37.975817,37.975774,37.975653,37.975296,37.975236,37.974857,37.974714,37.974346,37.974237,37.973962,37.973869,37.973759,37.973638,37.973583,37.973183,37.973122,37.973078,37.973046,37.972958,37.972925,37.972881,37.972727,37.972617,37.97231,37.972261,37.972211,37.972189,37.972178,37.9722,37.972173,37.972151,37.972123,37.972041,37.971926,37.971827,37.971767,37.971739,37.971695,37.971624,37.971574,37.971388,37.971229,37.971196,37.971174,37.971069,37.971031,37.970971,37.970723,37.970625,37.970608,37.970597,37.970586,37.970542,37.970455,37.969971,37.969664,37.96956,37.969499,37.969302,37.96906,37.96895,37.968736,37.968616,37.968528,37.968281,37.968215,37.96805,37.968006,37.96782,37.967655,37.96749,37.96743,37.967408,37.967386,37.967364,37.967315,37.967199,37.967172,37.967095,37.967029,37.967002,37.966947,37.96687,37.966552,37.966486,37.965992,37.965794,37.96569,37.965437,37.965294,37.965152,37.965047,37.964883,37.964663,37.964586,37.964339,37.964142,37.964175,37.964175,37.964158,37.964087,37.963966,37.963637,37.963577,37.963307,37.963259,37.962699,37.962391,37.962301,37.96204,37.961862,37.961392,37.960884,37.96073,37.960634,37.960389,37.960033,37.959888,37.959768,37.959635,37.959621,37.959512,37.959426,37.95929,37.959043,37.958662,37.95838,37.958227,37.957909,37.957463,37.957081,37.956686,37.956408,37.955628,37.955458,37.955153,37.954991,37.954761,37.954214,37.954091,37.953915,37.953784,37.953681,37.953581,37.953447,37.953364,37.953286,37.953214,37.953148,37.953085,37.953019,37.952944,37.952819,37.952793,37.952746,37.952558,37.952035,37.951819,37.951694,37.951572,37.951487,37.951465,37.951263,37.950978,37.95083,37.950631,37.95034,37.950268,37.95021,37.950196,37.950208,37.950215,37.95023,37.950239,37.950241,37.950245,37.950252,37.950263,37.950592,37.950964,37.951004,37.951015,37.951818,37.952022,37.95224,37.95244,37.953571,37.953628,37.955705,37.956598,37.95734,37.95744,37.959198,37.960416,37.960568,37.964165,37.96482,37.964857,37.965164,37.965289,37.965351,37.965358,37.965377,37.96545,37.96581,37.966147,37.969208,37.969295,37.969354,37.969431,37.969504,37.970102,37.970142,37.970225,37.97024,37.970462,37.970529,37.97123,37.97135,37.971419,37.971524,37.971542,37.972052,37.97263,37.972688,37.972705,37.972721,37.972732,37.972739,37.972748,37.972788,37.972924,37.97317,37.976686,37.976962,37.97854,37.97855,37.978563,37.978641,37.978858,37.978898,37.97894,37.979256,37.97934,37.979841,37.980179,37.98034,37.98074,37.98104,37.98114,37.981958,37.98224,37.98254,37.982841,37.982919,37.982921,37.982923,37.98304,37.983126,37.983338,37.983539,37.983545,37.983563,37.983578,37.983585,37.983595,37.98379,37.983816,37.98394,37.98394,37.98404,37.984093,37.98412,37.98424,37.98444,37.98444,37.98454,37.98454,37.984639,37.984687,37.984735,37.98483,37.985082,37.985138,37.985358,37.985405,37.985419,37.98544,37.98584,37.98624,37.98694,37.986971,37.98734,37.98764,37.98794,37.988124,37.988188,37.988194,37.988216,37.988282,37.988298,37.988304,37.988308,37.988339,37.989039,37.989449,37.98994,37.990116,37.990159,37.990218,37.990226,37.990269,37.990288,37.99031,37.990314,37.990318,37.990347,37.990642,37.9907,37.991016,37.991283,37.991289,37.99131,37.991345,37.99154,37.991966,37.992297,37.99234,37.992493,37.992746,37.992915,37.99294,37.993322,37.99364,37.994342,37.994699,37.994788,37.994877,37.995145,37.995303,37.995323,37.995343,37.995382,37.995737,37.996652,37.996717,37.99714,37.997179,37.997225,37.997836,37.997846,37.997859,37.998214,37.998334,37.999252,37.999533,38.000054,38.000071,38.000097,38.000216,38.000225,38.00023,38.000243,38.001048,38.00195,38.002131,38.002374,38.002451,38.002525,38.002588,38.002598,38.002628,38.002852,38.002892,38.002934,38.002992,38.003025,38.003047,38.003159,38.003177,38.003208,38.003319,38.003328,38.003334,38.003777,38.003798,38.003845,38.003988,38.004123,38.005166,38.005301,38.005307,38.005312,38.006034,38.006474,38.006794]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.253662,-78.252895,-78.251825,-78.247285,-78.244435,-78.243797,-78.243721,-78.242229,-78.241693,-78.236723,-78.23278,-78.228991,-78.227789,-78.227306,-78.22682,-78.226505,-78.224308,-78.223426,-78.221905,-78.221143,-78.215227,-78.212246,-78.212083,-78.211781,-78.211645,-78.210942,-78.210146,-78.209384,-78.209314,-78.208217,-78.208082,-78.207668,-78.207401,-78.206382,-78.204762,-78.204572,-78.204292,-78.20404,-78.201388,-78.200872,-78.19954,-78.19947,-78.199117,-78.19881,-78.197509,-78.195249,-78.194086,-78.19167,-78.188899,-78.188729,-78.18849,-78.187257,-78.187225,-78.187158,-78.186822,-78.186101,-78.185137,-78.18383,-78.183768,-78.183649,-78.183605,-78.183521,-78.18343,-78.183138,-78.182691,-78.182347,-78.181055,-78.180053,-78.179261,-78.178562,-78.178079,-78.177948,-78.177821,-78.177344,-78.177149,-78.176297,-78.176015,-78.175658,-78.175467,-78.175353,-78.175242,-78.175212,-78.175185,-78.175178,-78.175176,-78.175175,-78.175152,-78.17511,-78.174915,-78.174758,-78.174636,-78.174581,-78.17447,-78.174393,-78.174087,-78.173935,-78.173657,-78.173491,-78.173298,-78.17318,-78.173143,-78.173124,-78.173122,-78.172024,-78.171403,-78.170809,-78.170333,-78.169948,-78.169563,-78.169298,-78.169026,-78.168688,-78.168399,-78.168105,-78.167807,-78.167457,-78.167162,-78.166608,-78.165974,-78.165486,-78.164657,-78.164332,-78.163172,-78.162071,-78.16153,-78.161216,-78.161063,-78.160595,-78.160036,-78.15923,-78.158585,-78.158237,-78.157932,-78.157631,-78.157251,-78.156929,-78.156552,-78.156379,-78.155755,-78.1543,-78.153673,-78.153191,-78.152903,-78.15267,-78.152368,-78.151911,-78.151236,-78.15089,-78.14916,-78.148307,-78.147749,-78.147248,-78.146791,-78.146557,-78.146201,-78.145916,-78.145702,-78.144553,-78.143875,-78.143586,-78.143007,-78.140432,-78.13919,-78.138651,-78.138455,-78.138267,-78.137908,-78.137549,-78.137139,-78.136918,-78.136652,-78.136166,-78.136001,-78.135607,-78.135146,-78.134847,-78.134477,-78.134073,-78.133679,-78.133293,-78.133141,-78.132114,-78.131033,-78.13038,-78.129675,-78.128893,-78.128713,-78.128606,-78.128285,-78.127966,-78.127898,-78.127574,-78.127314,-78.127001,-78.126702,-78.126416,-78.126145,-78.125565,-78.125328,-78.124957,-78.124492,-78.12417,-78.123789,-78.122496,-78.122266,-78.122048,-78.121924,-78.121344,-78.12071,-78.120133,-78.119935,-78.119424,-78.119316,-78.11769,-78.11705,-78.116174,-78.115458,-78.115156,-78.114854,-78.114637,-78.114527,-78.114351,-78.114283,-78.114154,-78.114035,-78.113925,-78.113824,-78.11357,-78.113359,-78.112781,-78.112139,-78.111895,-78.111642,-78.111544,-78.11143,-78.111319,-78.111237,-78.11115,-78.111057,-78.111012,-78.110985,-78.110976,-78.110983,-78.111007,-78.11105,-78.111098,-78.111298,-78.111471,-78.111564,-78.111858,-78.111994,-78.112061,-78.1121,-78.112111,-78.112101,-78.112073,-78.112027,-78.111991,-78.1119,-78.111792,-78.111698,-78.111575,-78.111436,-78.111223,-78.111056,-78.110874,-78.110676,-78.110412,-78.110169,-78.109877,-78.109682,-78.109428,-78.108995,-78.106941,-78.104985,-78.104728,-78.104041,-78.103417,-78.102989,-78.102685,-78.102394,-78.102079,-78.101845,-78.101667,-78.101329,-78.101213,-78.101062,-78.100539,-78.100248,-78.099522,-78.099066,-78.098654,-78.097329,-78.096817,-78.096639,-78.096074,-78.09562,-78.095119,-78.093596,-78.093201,-78.093155,-78.093101,-78.091255,-78.091123,-78.090885,-78.090848,-78.09065,-78.090386,-78.09016,-78.089925,-78.089437,-78.08876,-78.088453,-78.08744,-78.087119,-78.08647,-78.08637,-78.0861,-78.085791,-78.085278,-78.085178,-78.084804,-78.08456,-78.084374,-78.083061,-78.08297,-78.082743,-78.082143,-78.081767,-78.081393,-78.081142,-78.08028,-78.079851,-78.079425,-78.078828,-78.078795,-78.078691,-78.078221,-78.078201,-78.078178,-78.078174,-78.078183,-78.078203,-78.078453,-78.078863,-78.079489,-78.07975,-78.079851,-78.079989,-78.080045,-78.080196,-78.080354,-78.081076,-78.081618,-78.082232,-78.0829,-78.083462,-78.084204,-78.084778,-78.085337,-78.085541,-78.085545,-78.085486,-78.085457,-78.085436,-78.08538,-78.085335,-78.085316,-78.085198,-78.085124,-78.085063,-78.085028,-78.085035,-78.085056,-78.085056,-78.085055,-78.085024,-78.085016,-78.084991,-78.084984,-78.084968,-78.084914,-78.084843,-78.084814,-78.084631,-78.084525,-78.0845,-78.084463,-78.084423,-78.084404,-78.084374,-78.08422,-78.084206,-78.084201,-78.084209,-78.084238,-78.084273,-78.084288,-78.084311,-78.084388,-78.084482,-78.084592,-78.084616,-78.085022,-78.08523,-78.085503,-78.085634,-78.085983,-78.086458,-78.086756,-78.087015,-78.087164,-78.087606,-78.087738,-78.087877,-78.087997,-78.088063,-78.08821,-78.088364,-78.088528,-78.08988,-78.090123,-78.090237,-78.090391,-78.090533,-78.090662,-78.090861,-78.090918,-78.091024,-78.091269,-78.091427,-78.091655,-78.092244,-78.092585,-78.092723,-78.092762,-78.092785,-78.092908,-78.093002,-78.093051,-78.09346,-78.09398,-78.094071,-78.094107,-78.094118,-78.09411,-78.094097,-78.094037,-78.094025,-78.093977,-78.093913,-78.09385,-78.093786,-78.093706,-78.093631,-78.093548,-78.093434,-78.09307,-78.092667,-78.092246,-78.091945,-78.091731,-78.091526,-78.091287,-78.091194,-78.091098,-78.091025,-78.090947,-78.090884,-78.090837,-78.090816,-78.090805,-78.090808,-78.090829,-78.090866,-78.090914,-78.091254,-78.091345,-78.091442,-78.091522,-78.091585,-78.091629,-78.09167,-78.091693,-78.091701,-78.09169,-78.091652,-78.091551,-78.091475,-78.091411,-78.091356,-78.091327,-78.0913,-78.091304,-78.091297,-78.091288,-78.091264,-78.091215,-78.091154,-78.091063,-78.09098,-78.090864,-78.090633,-78.089768,-78.089453,-78.089147,-78.088877,-78.088622,-78.088411,-78.088024,-78.08756,-78.087373,-78.087252,-78.086939,-78.086638,-78.08641,-78.086235,-78.086106,-78.085958,-78.085827,-78.085555,-78.08527,-78.085173,-78.08494,-78.084723,-78.084632,-78.084534,-78.084452,-78.0844,-78.08435,-78.0843,-78.084265,-78.084198,-78.084044,-78.083608,-78.083531,-78.083438,-78.083363,-78.082016,-78.081891,-78.081798,-78.081749,-78.081648,-78.08154,-78.081465,-78.081398,-78.081387,-78.081362,-78.081343,-78.081342,-78.081359,-78.081394,-78.081464,-78.081562,-78.081625,-78.081655,-78.081672,-78.081668,-78.081648,-78.08162,-78.08157,-78.081505,-78.081427,-78.081477,-78.081652,-78.081814,-78.08196,-78.082066,-78.082184,-78.082226,-78.082263,-78.082282,-78.082282,-78.082255,-78.082184,-78.082065,-78.082012,-78.081881,-78.081777,-78.081633,-78.081428,-78.081239,-78.081066,-78.080998,-78.080929,-78.080897,-78.080832,-78.080697,-78.080659,-78.080908,-78.08121,-78.081196,-78.081386,-78.081815,-78.082002,-78.08217,-78.082292,-78.082423,-78.082767,-78.083274,-78.084332,-78.084646,-78.084869,-78.085257,-78.086247,-78.086614,-78.087366,-78.087623,-78.088086,-78.088991,-78.089926,-78.09002,-78.090064,-78.09027,-78.090694,-78.091152,-78.092233,-78.092595,-78.093641,-78.094888,-78.095571,-78.095804,-78.096077,-78.096638,-78.097005,-78.097189,-78.097393,-78.097814,-78.098034,-78.098395,-78.098891,-78.099253,-78.100687,-78.101,-78.10123,-78.101303,-78.101218,-78.100626,-78.100547,-78.100598,-78.100754,-78.101139,-78.101394,-78.101522,-78.101657,-78.102026,-78.102789,-78.103086,-78.103076,-78.10319,-78.103541,-78.103681,-78.103737,-78.104154,-78.104448,-78.104479,-78.104577,-78.104941,-78.105608,-78.106268,-78.106843,-78.107007,-78.107196,-78.107421,-78.108057,-78.108327,-78.108641,-78.109139,-78.109386,-78.109551,-78.109912,-78.11015,-78.11069,-78.111289,-78.11408,-78.11447,-78.115002,-78.115468,-78.115932,-78.1162,-78.116335,-78.116544,-78.116776,-78.117425,-78.118382,-78.118806,-78.118864,-78.118625,-78.118411,-78.118363,-78.118889,-78.119156,-78.119431,-78.119608,-78.119825,-78.11986,-78.119895,-78.120191,-78.120313,-78.12044,-78.12064,-78.1212,-78.121453,-78.122127,-78.123277,-78.123352,-78.123612,-78.123645,-78.123409,-78.123305,-78.123316,-78.123405,-78.124064,-78.124722,-78.124951,-78.125069,-78.125152,-78.12534,-78.126019,-78.126394,-78.126512,-78.126616,-78.126741,-78.126873,-78.126977,-78.12706,-78.127137,-78.127463,-78.127713,-78.127866,-78.128303,-78.128483,-78.128684,-78.129156,-78.129357,-78.12976,-78.129919,-78.130259,-78.130516,-78.130578,-78.130752,-78.130842,-78.13105,-78.13121,-78.131466,-78.131987,-78.13207,-78.132452,-78.13293,-78.133423,-78.133929,-78.134179,-78.134262,-78.134366,-78.134512,-78.134678,-78.134887,-78.135074,-78.135317,-78.135386,-78.135435,-78.135463,-78.135477,-78.135456,-78.135463,-78.135491,-78.135547,-78.13563,-78.135706,-78.135873,-78.135984,-78.136134,-78.13624,-78.137102,-78.137448,-78.137529,-78.137602,-78.137682,-78.137747,-78.137898,-78.138367,-78.138634,-78.138936,-78.139034,-78.13916,-78.139449,-78.139973,-78.140769,-78.141247,-78.141779,-78.142234,-78.142443,-78.142558,-78.142788,-78.142925,-78.143121,-78.143594,-78.143846,-78.143941,-78.144157,-78.144292,-78.14441,-78.144513,-78.144599,-78.144609,-78.144635,-78.144659,-78.144724,-78.144876,-78.145054,-78.145369,-78.145529,-78.145802,-78.146152,-78.146288,-78.146476,-78.146543,-78.14658,-78.146604,-78.146672,-78.14673,-78.146818,-78.14684,-78.146851,-78.146854,-78.146915,-78.146947,-78.146994,-78.146986,-78.146943,-78.146932,-78.146941,-78.146957,-78.146989,-78.147046,-78.147113,-78.147374,-78.1475,-78.147573,-78.147643,-78.147799,-78.147888,-78.148179,-78.148512,-78.148656,-78.149038,-78.1493,-78.149578,-78.149969,-78.150126,-78.150443,-78.151043,-78.151147,-78.151219,-78.151286,-78.151324,-78.151341,-78.151379,-78.151388,-78.15155,-78.151587,-78.151636,-78.1517,-78.151792,-78.151879,-78.15245,-78.153086,-78.153329,-78.153697,-78.154273,-78.154604,-78.156112,-78.156624,-78.157918,-78.158082,-78.15838,-78.158519,-78.15882,-78.159046,-78.159158,-78.159416,-78.15963,-78.159933,-78.16005,-78.160136,-78.160251,-78.160493,-78.160764,-78.161258,-78.161615,-78.16215,-78.162384,-78.162624,-78.162825,-78.163051,-78.16336,-78.163516,-78.163628,-78.163861,-78.163936,-78.164028,-78.164092,-78.16415,-78.164249,-78.164393,-78.16466,-78.164939,-78.165411,-78.165465,-78.165546,-78.165582,-78.165852,-78.166185,-78.16636,-78.166468,-78.166642,-78.166764,-78.16735,-78.167821,-78.1683,-78.168749,-78.169176,-78.170083,-78.17049,-78.170937,-78.171077,-78.171404,-78.172978,-78.173297,-78.175487,-78.176017,-78.177147,-78.178481,-78.179617,-78.179906,-78.180119,-78.180595,-78.181156,-78.181434,-78.18172,-78.183021,-78.183444,-78.183881,-78.184153,-78.185059,-78.185431,-78.185894,-78.187296,-78.189332,-78.190372,-78.190521,-78.190605,-78.191042,-78.191818,-78.192177,-78.192407,-78.193016,-78.193574,-78.193981,-78.194278,-78.195093,-78.195365,-78.195775,-78.19612,-78.197671,-78.198694,-78.199095,-78.199198,-78.199299,-78.199396,-78.199468,-78.199548,-78.199673,-78.199771,-78.199973,-78.200143,-78.200603,-78.200814,-78.201028,-78.201237,-78.201549,-78.201628,-78.201741,-78.202002,-78.202256,-78.202612,-78.202674,-78.202766,-78.202829,-78.202997,-78.203079,-78.203227,-78.203336,-78.203432,-78.203561,-78.204482,-78.205081,-78.205746,-78.205965,-78.206277,-78.207245,-78.207703,-78.207859,-78.207918,-78.2082,-78.208517,-78.208696,-78.209039,-78.209224,-78.209363,-78.209626,-78.209754,-78.209867,-78.209984,-78.210264,-78.210386,-78.210523,-78.210881,-78.211079,-78.211269,-78.211454,-78.211772,-78.211945,-78.212456,-78.212859,-78.213015,-78.213194,-78.213374,-78.21361,-78.213751,-78.213937,-78.214346,-78.214589,-78.214837,-78.215148,-78.21547,-78.215649,-78.215879,-78.216067,-78.216538,-78.217918,-78.218101,-78.218287,-78.218523,-78.218626,-78.218905,-78.219183,-78.219551,-78.22002,-78.220418,-78.220774,-78.221062,-78.221404,-78.22193,-78.222197,-78.222418,-78.222593,-78.222956,-78.223218,-78.223538,-78.224125,-78.224572,-78.224816,-78.225115,-78.225369,-78.22564,-78.225998,-78.226129,-78.226279,-78.226396,-78.226561,-78.226796,-78.22694,-78.227318,-78.228396,-78.228552,-78.22872,-78.229145,-78.229326,-78.229851,-78.230586,-78.23098,-78.231326,-78.231746,-78.231897,-78.232166,-78.232511,-78.232961,-78.233135,-78.233294,-78.233376,-78.2335,-78.233606,-78.233749,-78.23386,-78.234017,-78.234161,-78.234396,-78.234433,-78.234528,-78.234629,-78.234741,-78.235166,-78.235512,-78.235882,-78.236812,-78.237471,-78.23838,-78.239146,-78.239826,-78.240784,-78.241015,-78.241324,-78.24211,-78.242303,-78.242422,-78.242407,-78.242401,-78.242411,-78.242432,-78.242451,-78.242482,-78.242533,-78.242601,-78.242686,-78.242868,-78.243125,-78.243385,-78.24344,-78.243592,-78.24377,-78.243874,-78.24403,-78.244211,-78.244542,-78.244652,-78.244744,-78.244786,-78.244834,-78.244923,-78.245202,-78.245279,-78.245345,-78.245545,-78.245631,-78.245734,-78.245768,-78.245879,-78.246014,-78.246133,-78.246366,-78.24658,-78.246664,-78.246749,-78.246858,-78.246946,-78.247032,-78.247112,-78.247332,-78.24754,-78.247588,-78.247638,-78.247754,-78.247853,-78.247904,-78.24792,-78.247964,-78.247969,-78.248014,-78.248041,-78.24812,-78.248197,-78.248289,-78.248346,-78.248435,-78.248635,-78.248705,-78.248772,-78.248895,-78.249043,-78.249254,-78.249472,-78.249559,-78.249693,-78.249744,-78.249904,-78.250047,-78.250544,-78.251529,-78.252176,-78.252413,-78.252682,-78.252926,-78.253201,-78.253686,-78.253662],"lat":[38.063306,38.064462,38.066075,38.072917,38.077206,38.078171,38.078291,38.080533,38.081339,38.088832,38.094788,38.100671,38.102542,38.103292,38.104048,38.104537,38.107955,38.109312,38.111703,38.112864,38.122057,38.126685,38.126938,38.127409,38.127618,38.128711,38.129944,38.131128,38.131117,38.130945,38.130924,38.130861,38.13082,38.130661,38.130409,38.13038,38.130336,38.130297,38.129883,38.129803,38.129596,38.129585,38.12953,38.129482,38.12928,38.128928,38.128747,38.128371,38.127939,38.127913,38.127876,38.127684,38.127679,38.127669,38.127786,38.12804,38.12837,38.128827,38.128858,38.128737,38.12869,38.128604,38.128511,38.128207,38.127717,38.127355,38.125975,38.12493,38.124058,38.123288,38.122739,38.122584,38.122444,38.121904,38.121675,38.120732,38.120431,38.120081,38.119905,38.119777,38.119615,38.119549,38.119452,38.119387,38.119305,38.119264,38.119147,38.119032,38.118648,38.118375,38.118198,38.118127,38.117996,38.117914,38.117602,38.117439,38.117127,38.116957,38.116735,38.116582,38.116501,38.116415,38.116388,38.115798,38.115455,38.115135,38.114878,38.114677,38.114492,38.114384,38.114289,38.114191,38.114123,38.11407,38.114031,38.114004,38.113994,38.113992,38.114005,38.114016,38.11404,38.114047,38.114073,38.114093,38.114091,38.114079,38.114072,38.114038,38.113994,38.11394,38.113885,38.113848,38.113803,38.113743,38.11365,38.113557,38.113428,38.113359,38.113101,38.112447,38.112173,38.111976,38.111882,38.111818,38.111748,38.111669,38.111564,38.111515,38.111258,38.111128,38.111048,38.110974,38.110921,38.110903,38.110894,38.110897,38.110906,38.111035,38.111155,38.111207,38.111314,38.111763,38.111966,38.112032,38.112052,38.112068,38.112088,38.112092,38.112082,38.112072,38.112056,38.112017,38.111996,38.11194,38.11186,38.111796,38.111705,38.11159,38.111461,38.111318,38.111258,38.110829,38.110376,38.110099,38.109794,38.109415,38.109324,38.109268,38.109084,38.108883,38.108837,38.10861,38.108415,38.108161,38.107897,38.107624,38.107341,38.10669,38.106432,38.106005,38.105503,38.105176,38.104825,38.103687,38.103506,38.103353,38.103271,38.10292,38.102552,38.102233,38.102127,38.101834,38.101772,38.100849,38.10049,38.099995,38.099588,38.09942,38.099236,38.099091,38.099015,38.09888,38.098823,38.098705,38.098581,38.098452,38.098318,38.097998,38.097732,38.096997,38.096186,38.095862,38.095493,38.09533,38.095106,38.094829,38.094583,38.094274,38.093839,38.093541,38.093238,38.092933,38.092619,38.092303,38.091988,38.091766,38.091034,38.09047,38.090143,38.089178,38.088688,38.088378,38.088129,38.08772,38.087412,38.087127,38.086842,38.086672,38.086374,38.086082,38.085862,38.085616,38.085382,38.085064,38.084846,38.084636,38.08443,38.084183,38.083983,38.083768,38.083638,38.083486,38.083238,38.082148,38.081108,38.080966,38.0806,38.080252,38.079992,38.079789,38.079574,38.07932,38.079112,38.07894,38.078581,38.07845,38.078273,38.077628,38.077276,38.076371,38.075791,38.075284,38.073636,38.072989,38.072756,38.072011,38.071374,38.070652,38.068514,38.067954,38.067888,38.067812,38.065196,38.065008,38.064668,38.064621,38.064368,38.064065,38.063827,38.063595,38.063159,38.062576,38.062318,38.061446,38.061175,38.060618,38.060536,38.060327,38.060108,38.059768,38.059698,38.059434,38.059224,38.059048,38.057758,38.05767,38.057449,38.056831,38.056423,38.055976,38.05566,38.054519,38.053919,38.053362,38.052557,38.052485,38.052396,38.052055,38.052035,38.051993,38.05196,38.051917,38.051886,38.051681,38.051315,38.050774,38.050559,38.050487,38.050408,38.05038,38.050318,38.05027,38.050106,38.049992,38.049851,38.049684,38.049522,38.049281,38.04908,38.048868,38.048799,38.048472,38.047231,38.046684,38.046402,38.045174,38.04467,38.044519,38.043611,38.043076,38.042505,38.041388,38.041289,38.040997,38.040781,38.040622,38.040265,38.039587,38.039158,38.039085,38.038952,38.038638,38.038326,38.038237,38.03759,38.037158,38.037048,38.036827,38.036387,38.036206,38.03593,38.034248,38.033918,38.033831,38.033627,38.033364,38.033241,38.033123,38.033062,38.032914,38.032772,38.032637,38.032612,38.032198,38.03199,38.031737,38.031615,38.031313,38.030917,38.030647,38.030393,38.030234,38.029734,38.029579,38.02944,38.029341,38.029287,38.029183,38.029094,38.029017,38.02845,38.028331,38.028264,38.028159,38.028042,38.027916,38.027684,38.027609,38.027452,38.027065,38.026839,38.026552,38.025902,38.025473,38.025278,38.025211,38.02515,38.024787,38.024484,38.024303,38.02279,38.020817,38.020404,38.020186,38.019996,38.019806,38.019693,38.019419,38.01933,38.019052,38.018792,38.018586,38.018485,38.018391,38.018322,38.018259,38.018191,38.018022,38.017852,38.017699,38.017599,38.01751,38.017407,38.017262,38.017197,38.017129,38.017062,38.01697,38.016872,38.016768,38.016677,38.016563,38.016471,38.016357,38.016244,38.01616,38.015749,38.015602,38.015414,38.015221,38.015023,38.014814,38.014531,38.014247,38.013846,38.013662,38.013387,38.012925,38.012599,38.012336,38.011979,38.011694,38.011115,38.011079,38.010975,38.010935,38.010866,38.010776,38.010686,38.01058,38.010502,38.010413,38.010271,38.009715,38.009503,38.009279,38.009064,38.00884,38.008637,38.008246,38.007784,38.007605,38.007474,38.007151,38.006861,38.006624,38.006418,38.006248,38.006029,38.005804,38.00538,38.004961,38.004848,38.00456,38.004264,38.004114,38.003921,38.003724,38.003563,38.003359,38.003025,38.002865,38.002635,38.002266,38.001419,38.001305,38.001171,38.001065,37.999251,37.999098,37.998968,37.9989,37.998737,37.998535,37.998363,37.998151,37.998096,37.997971,37.997789,37.997607,37.997425,37.997245,37.996713,37.995966,37.995685,37.995475,37.99521,37.995065,37.994983,37.99492,37.994846,37.99478,37.994724,37.99468,37.994507,37.994325,37.994135,37.993977,37.993704,37.993532,37.993314,37.993095,37.99292,37.992623,37.992077,37.991302,37.991133,37.990831,37.990635,37.990407,37.990166,37.989918,37.989664,37.989535,37.98937,37.989269,37.989007,37.988467,37.988316,37.9884,37.988713,37.988887,37.989084,37.989194,37.989101,37.98885,37.988545,37.987915,37.987357,37.986765,37.985237,37.985032,37.984999,37.985097,37.985611,37.985755,37.985909,37.98599,37.986136,37.986554,37.987124,37.987243,37.98727,37.987398,37.987519,37.98751,37.987391,37.987411,37.98792,37.988361,37.988879,37.988988,37.988984,37.988832,37.988691,37.988566,37.988331,37.987581,37.987463,37.987421,37.987487,37.987479,37.987705,37.987668,37.987559,37.987433,37.987193,37.986436,37.986127,37.985955,37.985739,37.985297,37.985097,37.985064,37.985087,37.985224,37.985674,37.986026,37.986191,37.986641,37.987296,37.987667,37.988159,37.988354,37.988577,37.988741,37.988861,37.988997,37.988892,37.988984,37.98887,37.988836,37.988798,37.988815,37.989207,37.989234,37.989194,37.989033,37.988876,37.988711,37.988148,37.988047,37.988221,37.988562,37.989597,37.989782,37.990114,37.990551,37.991245,37.992179,37.992437,37.992622,37.992734,37.992905,37.992943,37.99304,37.993281,37.994714,37.995302,37.995436,37.995763,37.995761,37.99558,37.995597,37.99586,37.995973,37.996087,37.996483,37.996527,37.996488,37.996298,37.995288,37.994915,37.994554,37.99372,37.993684,37.993752,37.993956,37.994712,37.995304,37.996082,37.996102,37.995585,37.995048,37.994911,37.994823,37.99479,37.994758,37.994698,37.994594,37.994517,37.994467,37.994418,37.99438,37.994336,37.994287,37.994232,37.993913,37.99376,37.993727,37.993711,37.993689,37.993651,37.993503,37.993492,37.993481,37.993492,37.993542,37.993542,37.993553,37.993641,37.993646,37.993504,37.993416,37.993317,37.993136,37.993114,37.993076,37.993087,37.993143,37.993313,37.993385,37.99339,37.993385,37.993357,37.993308,37.99322,37.993127,37.992968,37.992902,37.992842,37.992776,37.99271,37.992402,37.992331,37.992249,37.992166,37.992084,37.992035,37.991964,37.991903,37.991793,37.991844,37.992236,37.992399,37.992446,37.992499,37.992575,37.992659,37.992838,37.993431,37.993731,37.994035,37.994132,37.994246,37.994482,37.994994,37.995792,37.996284,37.996875,37.99742,37.997678,37.997827,37.998179,37.998409,37.998791,37.999753,38.000347,38.000527,38.000856,38.001018,38.001147,38.001271,38.001386,38.001407,38.001487,38.001537,38.00161,38.001795,38.001984,38.002353,38.002554,38.002949,38.003443,38.003659,38.003977,38.004134,38.004269,38.004503,38.004931,38.005399,38.00595,38.006062,38.006178,38.006268,38.006686,38.006995,38.007358,38.007502,38.007879,38.008032,38.008205,38.008317,38.008493,38.008731,38.008926,38.009557,38.009888,38.01003,38.01014,38.010358,38.010502,38.010911,38.011358,38.011541,38.012051,38.012391,38.012741,38.013189,38.013345,38.013621,38.014113,38.014194,38.014272,38.014375,38.014467,38.014525,38.014793,38.014898,38.01665,38.016735,38.016799,38.016855,38.016908,38.016938,38.017043,38.017126,38.017149,38.017167,38.017169,38.017166,38.017179,38.017172,38.017143,38.017345,38.017698,38.017854,38.018236,38.018509,38.018632,38.018933,38.019173,38.019478,38.019603,38.019705,38.01982,38.020036,38.020297,38.020802,38.021162,38.021772,38.022054,38.022318,38.022564,38.022829,38.023225,38.023399,38.023535,38.023868,38.024003,38.024203,38.024382,38.02459,38.02485,38.025202,38.025626,38.026012,38.026586,38.026646,38.026712,38.026735,38.026847,38.026966,38.027016,38.027031,38.02704,38.027037,38.027,38.026961,38.026915,38.026864,38.026822,38.026743,38.026703,38.026665,38.026644,38.026599,38.026443,38.026419,38.026218,38.026173,38.026066,38.025933,38.025832,38.025803,38.025789,38.025745,38.025686,38.025664,38.025636,38.025523,38.025478,38.025442,38.025411,38.025322,38.025295,38.025245,38.025106,38.024934,38.024827,38.024807,38.024796,38.024768,38.024696,38.024678,38.024656,38.024582,38.024524,38.024491,38.024467,38.02439,38.024361,38.024324,38.024277,38.024104,38.024042,38.024014,38.024015,38.024031,38.02406,38.024093,38.024144,38.024259,38.024343,38.024517,38.02472,38.025384,38.025708,38.025973,38.02626,38.026677,38.026769,38.026876,38.027076,38.027282,38.027597,38.027664,38.027781,38.02788,38.028093,38.028187,38.028337,38.028415,38.02847,38.028527,38.028827,38.029038,38.029258,38.029355,38.029473,38.029811,38.02998,38.030034,38.030059,38.030182,38.030328,38.030427,38.030629,38.030756,38.030867,38.031117,38.031256,38.031402,38.031581,38.031945,38.032091,38.032228,38.032519,38.032661,38.032794,38.032904,38.033078,38.033147,38.033305,38.033425,38.033487,38.033585,38.033695,38.033862,38.033948,38.034044,38.034218,38.034337,38.034476,38.034637,38.034784,38.034849,38.03492,38.034967,38.035068,38.035401,38.035442,38.035473,38.035499,38.035502,38.035494,38.035472,38.035422,38.035352,38.035277,38.035217,38.035181,38.035153,38.035118,38.035124,38.035143,38.035169,38.035237,38.035303,38.0354,38.035566,38.03569,38.035741,38.035785,38.035808,38.035817,38.035839,38.035861,38.035905,38.035957,38.036053,38.036204,38.036303,38.036572,38.037337,38.037443,38.037538,38.037737,38.037825,38.038092,38.038491,38.038723,38.038951,38.039246,38.039362,38.039587,38.0399,38.040338,38.04053,38.040729,38.040864,38.041093,38.041327,38.041728,38.041975,38.042258,38.042489,38.04283,38.042878,38.042976,38.043054,38.043123,38.043291,38.043415,38.043557,38.043901,38.044156,38.044501,38.044799,38.045047,38.045281,38.045346,38.045445,38.045742,38.045822,38.045874,38.046054,38.046327,38.0466,38.046818,38.046953,38.047129,38.047331,38.047529,38.047724,38.048063,38.048493,38.048912,38.048995,38.049212,38.049455,38.049617,38.04994,38.050344,38.051093,38.051375,38.051662,38.051817,38.051982,38.052234,38.052899,38.053097,38.053276,38.053925,38.054129,38.054328,38.054385,38.054559,38.054755,38.054958,38.055442,38.055818,38.056003,38.056224,38.056533,38.056836,38.057194,38.057496,38.058239,38.058998,38.059165,38.059334,38.059669,38.060008,38.060212,38.060343,38.060834,38.06104,38.061396,38.061395,38.061401,38.061416,38.061447,38.061481,38.061558,38.061784,38.061863,38.061944,38.062063,38.062172,38.062339,38.062487,38.062539,38.0626,38.062616,38.062654,38.062677,38.062743,38.062882,38.062968,38.062997,38.063037,38.063081,38.063144,38.06327,38.063306]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.830253,-77.830094,-77.82992,-77.829657,-77.82962,-77.82946,-77.829303,-77.829078,-77.828856,-77.828692,-77.828563,-77.828491,-77.827968,-77.827823,-77.827698,-77.827395,-77.827145,-77.826717,-77.826578,-77.826292,-77.825786,-77.825004,-77.824445,-77.823891,-77.823424,-77.823022,-77.82278,-77.822301,-77.822036,-77.82188,-77.821691,-77.821475,-77.82131,-77.821157,-77.821016,-77.820809,-77.820619,-77.820498,-77.820391,-77.820234,-77.820069,-77.819751,-77.819359,-77.819198,-77.818992,-77.818268,-77.817841,-77.81732,-77.816637,-77.816228,-77.815947,-77.815662,-77.81544,-77.815224,-77.81493,-77.8149,-77.81445,-77.814021,-77.813671,-77.81343,-77.813199,-77.81297,-77.812869,-77.812574,-77.811838,-77.81174,-77.81165,-77.811467,-77.811353,-77.81117,-77.811011,-77.810899,-77.810733,-77.810665,-77.81056,-77.810112,-77.809908,-77.809783,-77.809644,-77.809491,-77.809248,-77.809051,-77.808527,-77.808288,-77.807878,-77.807355,-77.806857,-77.806733,-77.806125,-77.805997,-77.805363,-77.805014,-77.80473,-77.804679,-77.804558,-77.80445,-77.804294,-77.804146,-77.803953,-77.803648,-77.803173,-77.8029,-77.802508,-77.802096,-77.801954,-77.801828,-77.801688,-77.801515,-77.801319,-77.801271,-77.801194,-77.801051,-77.800907,-77.800722,-77.800504,-77.800255,-77.800098,-77.800035,-77.799854,-77.799659,-77.799453,-77.799319,-77.799228,-77.799172,-77.799086,-77.799008,-77.79891,-77.798781,-77.798525,-77.797829,-77.797476,-77.797319,-77.797172,-77.7965,-77.795921,-77.795795,-77.795317,-77.794832,-77.794436,-77.794172,-77.793983,-77.793766,-77.793681,-77.793589,-77.793463,-77.793328,-77.793229,-77.793049,-77.792847,-77.792676,-77.792179,-77.791689,-77.791123,-77.790706,-77.790378,-77.790052,-77.7892,-77.788911,-77.78879,-77.788667,-77.788541,-77.78842,-77.7883,-77.788126,-77.787795,-77.78764,-77.787508,-77.786952,-77.786681,-77.786579,-77.786398,-77.786154,-77.786012,-77.785892,-77.78574,-77.785233,-77.784691,-77.784509,-77.784472,-77.784418,-77.784022,-77.783794,-77.783403,-77.783068,-77.782649,-77.782284,-77.781982,-77.781465,-77.781121,-77.781058,-77.780427,-77.780306,-77.780174,-77.779852,-77.77904,-77.778502,-77.777772,-77.777617,-77.777161,-77.775857,-77.775905,-77.77604,-77.77619,-77.776321,-77.776469,-77.776611,-77.777514,-77.779249,-77.779461,-77.775333,-77.772709,-77.772657,-77.770829,-77.770145,-77.766661,-77.762193,-77.761111,-77.760821,-77.757546,-77.756604,-77.754756,-77.75464,-77.753189,-77.751311,-77.750443,-77.750368,-77.750248,-77.74767,-77.747313,-77.746913,-77.746213,-77.745413,-77.744913,-77.744613,-77.744413,-77.744513,-77.744513,-77.744213,-77.743913,-77.743513,-77.743013,-77.742313,-77.741513,-77.740913,-77.740713,-77.740713,-77.740713,-77.740513,-77.740213,-77.739813,-77.739513,-77.738913,-77.738213,-77.737613,-77.736313,-77.734813,-77.733813,-77.733413,-77.732313,-77.731813,-77.731013,-77.730613,-77.730513,-77.730318,-77.730212,-77.729812,-77.729528,-77.728312,-77.728212,-77.728112,-77.728112,-77.728112,-77.728312,-77.728512,-77.728912,-77.729512,-77.729812,-77.730112,-77.730312,-77.730512,-77.730812,-77.731012,-77.731093,-77.731112,-77.731312,-77.731513,-77.731513,-77.731312,-77.730612,-77.729712,-77.729212,-77.728539,-77.728212,-77.727512,-77.727112,-77.726312,-77.725612,-77.724312,-77.723412,-77.722212,-77.721712,-77.721512,-77.721212,-77.720912,-77.720412,-77.719812,-77.719312,-77.719112,-77.719212,-77.719712,-77.719812,-77.720012,-77.720012,-77.719812,-77.719312,-77.718612,-77.717912,-77.717012,-77.716573,-77.715712,-77.714712,-77.713952,-77.713257,-77.712864,-77.712858,-77.712852,-77.712847,-77.71273,-77.712573,-77.712468,-77.712078,-77.712026,-77.71188,-77.71189,-77.711698,-77.711525,-77.711021,-77.710576,-77.710519,-77.710292,-77.709868,-77.709064,-77.708604,-77.70815,-77.706684,-77.705606,-77.705298,-77.704227,-77.70388,-77.703662,-77.703301,-77.702634,-77.702168,-77.701581,-77.701357,-77.701339,-77.700859,-77.700403,-77.700242,-77.699998,-77.699666,-77.699362,-77.699321,-77.698852,-77.698204,-77.697342,-77.696979,-77.696025,-77.695549,-77.69457,-77.694546,-77.694159,-77.693893,-77.693228,-77.692616,-77.692355,-77.69206,-77.688641,-77.687665,-77.687458,-77.687294,-77.687417,-77.687469,-77.688091,-77.688448,-77.689122,-77.689736,-77.690023,-77.690537,-77.691756,-77.693447,-77.693604,-77.69436,-77.694906,-77.696198,-77.696354,-77.69771,-77.697756,-77.697793,-77.698344,-77.698776,-77.699138,-77.699426,-77.699873,-77.699878,-77.701671,-77.702382,-77.702401,-77.702553,-77.704863,-77.705005,-77.706919,-77.707627,-77.707689,-77.707725,-77.707819,-77.708031,-77.708054,-77.708327,-77.708615,-77.709147,-77.70988,-77.710779,-77.711055,-77.712546,-77.714767,-77.715564,-77.717722,-77.717744,-77.718212,-77.719013,-77.719201,-77.721904,-77.721962,-77.722057,-77.722095,-77.722268,-77.72314,-77.723195,-77.723578,-77.724008,-77.724504,-77.724899,-77.72521,-77.725739,-77.72611,-77.726518,-77.727143,-77.727495,-77.727676,-77.727839,-77.727949,-77.728052,-77.728216,-77.728714,-77.728925,-77.729373,-77.729596,-77.729837,-77.730446,-77.731044,-77.731502,-77.731724,-77.732223,-77.732347,-77.732811,-77.733007,-77.733273,-77.733577,-77.733975,-77.734247,-77.734465,-77.735271,-77.735409,-77.73562,-77.737052,-77.737498,-77.737855,-77.738028,-77.738391,-77.738741,-77.739049,-77.739153,-77.739964,-77.740096,-77.740319,-77.740386,-77.740442,-77.74058,-77.74093,-77.7418,-77.742636,-77.743272,-77.743522,-77.743858,-77.744628,-77.745509,-77.74623,-77.747065,-77.747293,-77.747721,-77.747984,-77.748353,-77.748533,-77.749123,-77.749795,-77.74992,-77.750192,-77.750784,-77.750977,-77.751092,-77.751127,-77.751111,-77.750979,-77.750783,-77.750524,-77.750367,-77.75031,-77.750406,-77.750661,-77.750876,-77.751421,-77.751619,-77.752024,-77.752548,-77.753296,-77.754212,-77.7545,-77.755234,-77.75538,-77.755442,-77.756298,-77.756833,-77.757306,-77.757619,-77.75781,-77.757875,-77.758047,-77.758587,-77.759119,-77.760323,-77.760767,-77.761209,-77.762535,-77.763253,-77.763558,-77.763662,-77.764154,-77.764223,-77.764285,-77.764348,-77.764472,-77.764507,-77.764632,-77.76468,-77.764965,-77.765221,-77.765283,-77.765367,-77.765374,-77.765367,-77.765249,-77.765201,-77.765187,-77.765194,-77.765222,-77.765277,-77.765381,-77.765506,-77.765631,-77.765929,-77.76613,-77.766602,-77.766886,-77.767149,-77.767358,-77.767462,-77.767579,-77.767711,-77.767704,-77.767781,-77.767857,-77.767906,-77.768114,-77.768169,-77.768239,-77.768426,-77.768461,-77.768516,-77.768627,-77.768849,-77.76957,-77.769716,-77.770215,-77.770478,-77.770707,-77.771331,-77.771601,-77.772281,-77.772482,-77.772508,-77.773439,-77.773945,-77.774104,-77.77427,-77.774416,-77.774569,-77.774659,-77.774714,-77.774763,-77.774853,-77.774894,-77.774943,-77.775109,-77.775428,-77.775532,-77.775629,-77.775864,-77.775975,-77.776072,-77.776391,-77.776558,-77.77696,-77.777792,-77.777993,-77.77811,-77.778228,-77.778443,-77.77881,-77.778935,-77.778963,-77.778963,-77.778956,-77.77897,-77.779018,-77.779101,-77.779344,-77.779468,-77.779544,-77.779732,-77.780397,-77.780501,-77.780598,-77.781146,-77.781423,-77.781707,-77.78179,-77.781984,-77.782303,-77.782559,-77.782677,-77.782788,-77.782913,-77.783003,-77.783419,-77.783525,-77.784396,-77.784673,-77.784909,-77.785027,-77.7852,-77.785436,-77.785499,-77.785533,-77.786087,-77.787058,-77.787938,-77.78895,-77.789457,-77.79008,-77.792375,-77.792812,-77.793027,-77.793151,-77.793436,-77.79381,-77.794122,-77.794496,-77.794593,-77.794746,-77.79487,-77.795148,-77.795772,-77.795924,-77.796042,-77.796194,-77.796687,-77.796874,-77.796999,-77.797241,-77.797408,-77.79756,-77.798149,-77.798246,-77.798475,-77.798572,-77.798843,-77.79896,-77.799064,-77.799168,-77.799279,-77.799473,-77.799557,-77.799612,-77.799813,-77.799938,-77.800194,-77.800333,-77.800686,-77.800839,-77.801061,-77.801248,-77.801511,-77.801574,-77.801664,-77.801705,-77.801664,-77.801664,-77.801698,-77.801761,-77.801781,-77.801948,-77.802005,-77.801796,-77.801605,-77.801466,-77.801203,-77.801009,-77.800711,-77.80058,-77.800385,-77.800324,-77.800208,-77.800107,-77.799829,-77.799729,-77.799491,-77.799363,-77.799238,-77.798966,-77.798669,-77.798629,-77.798388,-77.798284,-77.798152,-77.798062,-77.797913,-77.797815,-77.797671,-77.797548,-77.797289,-77.797161,-77.796949,-77.796506,-77.796378,-77.796118,-77.796039,-77.795981,-77.795441,-77.79537,-77.795279,-77.79469,-77.794533,-77.794088,-77.794005,-77.793752,-77.793584,-77.793403,-77.793177,-77.793064,-77.793043,-77.792952,-77.792899,-77.792693,-77.792628,-77.792335,-77.792137,-77.791953,-77.791624,-77.791421,-77.791293,-77.790993,-77.790757,-77.790714,-77.790457,-77.79039,-77.789991,-77.78969,-77.789485,-77.78943,-77.789375,-77.789313,-77.789202,-77.789153,-77.788949,-77.788853,-77.788719,-77.788555,-77.788492,-77.787565,-77.787479,-77.787307,-77.787203,-77.78709,-77.787022,-77.786846,-77.786787,-77.786634,-77.788027,-77.788462,-77.788893,-77.789107,-77.78936,-77.789443,-77.789489,-77.789588,-77.789719,-77.789842,-77.789997,-77.790161,-77.790367,-77.790543,-77.790894,-77.791018,-77.791123,-77.791217,-77.791301,-77.791449,-77.791673,-77.79176,-77.791961,-77.792026,-77.7921,-77.792167,-77.792476,-77.792602,-77.793083,-77.793142,-77.793179,-77.793188,-77.793188,-77.793186,-77.793206,-77.793241,-77.793276,-77.793372,-77.793429,-77.793478,-77.793627,-77.793752,-77.79391,-77.793958,-77.794183,-77.794524,-77.794727,-77.794853,-77.795116,-77.795559,-77.795789,-77.796266,-77.7967,-77.796993,-77.797702,-77.799303,-77.799721,-77.799888,-77.800043,-77.800233,-77.800673,-77.800896,-77.801251,-77.801287,-77.80141,-77.801536,-77.801654,-77.801795,-77.802036,-77.802206,-77.802905,-77.803108,-77.803476,-77.803591,-77.803952,-77.804163,-77.804234,-77.804305,-77.804405,-77.804481,-77.804619,-77.804807,-77.80486,-77.8051,-77.805544,-77.806043,-77.806445,-77.806625,-77.806943,-77.807151,-77.807311,-77.807341,-77.807418,-77.807478,-77.807514,-77.807575,-77.807623,-77.8077,-77.807835,-77.808087,-77.808187,-77.808379,-77.808528,-77.808693,-77.808833,-77.809015,-77.80921,-77.809639,-77.809943,-77.810748,-77.811523,-77.812605,-77.812788,-77.812976,-77.813132,-77.813446,-77.813809,-77.814286,-77.814538,-77.814999,-77.815313,-77.815488,-77.815863,-77.816243,-77.816586,-77.817118,-77.817267,-77.817607,-77.818789,-77.81908,-77.819268,-77.819482,-77.819655,-77.820094,-77.820307,-77.82056,-77.820786,-77.820907,-77.8211,-77.821512,-77.822147,-77.822504,-77.822542,-77.822587,-77.822631,-77.822658,-77.822672,-77.822671,-77.822667,-77.822668,-77.822669,-77.82269,-77.82273,-77.822789,-77.822932,-77.823682,-77.823987,-77.824116,-77.824379,-77.824482,-77.824658,-77.825487,-77.825662,-77.825736,-77.825908,-77.825979,-77.826064,-77.82611,-77.826376,-77.826689,-77.826735,-77.826802,-77.826814,-77.826808,-77.826714,-77.826703,-77.826684,-77.826685,-77.826705,-77.826744,-77.826755,-77.826809,-77.826848,-77.826934,-77.827146,-77.827367,-77.827537,-77.827656,-77.827726,-77.827788,-77.827886,-77.828181,-77.828216,-77.828608,-77.828705,-77.828777,-77.82895,-77.829087,-77.829314,-77.829462,-77.82962,-77.82966,-77.829797,-77.8299,-77.829989,-77.830113,-77.830253],"lat":[37.99696,37.996933,37.996919,37.996916,37.996918,37.996928,37.996948,37.996994,37.997049,37.9971,37.997156,37.997196,37.997521,37.99762,37.997707,37.997869,37.99799,37.998146,37.998192,37.998262,37.998376,37.998469,37.998547,37.998668,37.99879,37.99888,37.998921,37.998997,37.999049,37.999096,37.999166,37.999267,37.999367,37.999477,37.999598,37.999808,37.999979,38.000058,38.000118,38.000189,38.000246,38.000322,38.000431,38.000469,38.000525,38.000727,38.000836,38.000961,38.001149,38.001266,38.001355,38.001454,38.001543,38.00164,38.00179,38.001805,38.002077,38.002366,38.002611,38.002792,38.00298,38.003181,38.003275,38.003529,38.004238,38.004339,38.004434,38.004654,38.004798,38.005029,38.005256,38.005426,38.005658,38.005765,38.005926,38.006565,38.006824,38.006961,38.007089,38.007207,38.007366,38.007477,38.007708,38.007791,38.007902,38.008,38.008082,38.008106,38.008229,38.008255,38.008411,38.00853,38.008648,38.008673,38.008744,38.008827,38.008979,38.009141,38.009303,38.009506,38.009922,38.010176,38.010552,38.010977,38.011142,38.011314,38.011568,38.011926,38.01238,38.012508,38.012664,38.012891,38.013095,38.013382,38.013767,38.014224,38.014407,38.014466,38.014613,38.014749,38.014873,38.014942,38.014994,38.015035,38.015104,38.015175,38.015275,38.015434,38.015878,38.017142,38.017749,38.017965,38.018138,38.018848,38.019477,38.019609,38.020105,38.020645,38.021062,38.021348,38.021544,38.021748,38.021819,38.021883,38.021954,38.022013,38.022045,38.02209,38.022123,38.022138,38.022145,38.022142,38.022125,38.022101,38.022068,38.02202,38.021859,38.021801,38.02178,38.021773,38.021779,38.0218,38.021835,38.021903,38.022064,38.022141,38.022216,38.022513,38.022674,38.022728,38.022823,38.02295,38.023031,38.023099,38.023185,38.023449,38.023748,38.023853,38.023874,38.023905,38.024132,38.024263,38.024476,38.024643,38.024842,38.02502,38.025167,38.025405,38.025559,38.025591,38.025881,38.025929,38.025988,38.026142,38.02657,38.026833,38.027218,38.027299,38.027539,38.028249,38.028327,38.028515,38.028696,38.028834,38.028974,38.029094,38.029891,38.03142,38.031606,38.032435,38.032217,38.032213,38.031787,38.031551,38.030352,38.02652,38.025575,38.025322,38.022462,38.021811,38.020536,38.020515,38.020255,38.020778,38.021618,38.02169,38.021805,38.024295,38.023938,38.023638,38.023538,38.023638,38.023738,38.023938,38.024338,38.024638,38.025138,38.025538,38.025838,38.026338,38.026738,38.027438,38.028438,38.029238,38.029638,38.030353,38.031238,38.032038,38.032638,38.032938,38.033038,38.032937,38.032637,38.032437,38.032037,38.031837,38.031837,38.031737,38.031637,38.031437,38.031037,38.030437,38.030137,38.029556,38.029238,38.028738,38.028549,38.027738,38.027538,38.027138,38.026738,38.026438,38.026038,38.025938,38.025838,38.025738,38.025638,38.025338,38.025238,38.025238,38.025038,38.024838,38.024026,38.023838,38.022538,38.021838,38.021538,38.021238,38.020838,38.021038,38.021338,38.021742,38.021938,38.022338,38.022638,38.022938,38.023138,38.023338,38.023438,38.023238,38.022938,38.022738,38.022438,38.021938,38.021238,38.020838,38.020638,38.020238,38.019738,38.018738,38.018638,38.018138,38.017338,38.017038,38.016638,38.016438,38.016538,38.016438,38.016269,38.015938,38.015438,38.015237,38.014841,38.014594,38.01458,38.014566,38.014556,38.014298,38.014007,38.013827,38.013106,38.013011,38.012969,38.012721,38.012747,38.012771,38.012598,38.012577,38.012575,38.012601,38.012736,38.013205,38.013362,38.013407,38.013416,38.013574,38.013511,38.012962,38.012818,38.012727,38.012693,38.012742,38.012757,38.012775,38.012746,38.012744,38.012683,38.012695,38.012632,38.012548,38.012304,38.011995,38.011823,38.011158,38.009947,38.008897,38.008467,38.007513,38.0073,38.007117,38.007118,38.007127,38.00718,38.007558,38.007702,38.007847,38.007943,38.008129,38.008049,38.008032,38.008011,38.007867,38.007806,38.006236,38.005335,38.003631,38.002077,38.001352,38.000056,37.996975,37.992702,37.992306,37.990398,37.989015,37.985749,37.985357,37.981929,37.981812,37.981718,37.980269,37.979131,37.978184,37.977421,37.976242,37.976226,37.971382,37.969585,37.969537,37.969153,37.963307,37.962949,37.95834,37.956691,37.956547,37.956462,37.956243,37.955749,37.955696,37.95506,37.954331,37.952984,37.951129,37.948853,37.948155,37.944381,37.93876,37.936741,37.931278,37.931221,37.930037,37.928006,37.927534,37.920688,37.920537,37.920787,37.920846,37.921117,37.9221,37.922162,37.922595,37.922692,37.923099,37.923168,37.923126,37.92285,37.922715,37.922711,37.92281,37.922747,37.922758,37.922921,37.923192,37.923261,37.923321,37.923368,37.923431,37.92373,37.923795,37.923866,37.924181,37.924244,37.924463,37.924506,37.924516,37.924558,37.924991,37.925082,37.925118,37.925325,37.925385,37.925362,37.925271,37.92516,37.924986,37.924862,37.924766,37.924616,37.924409,37.924369,37.924397,37.924338,37.924545,37.924581,37.924863,37.924891,37.924863,37.924772,37.924499,37.924363,37.924203,37.923949,37.923779,37.923928,37.923847,37.923616,37.92363,37.92347,37.923495,37.923758,37.923748,37.923636,37.923682,37.924436,37.924542,37.924713,37.925226,37.925265,37.925258,37.925107,37.925192,37.925417,37.925769,37.926084,37.926696,37.927449,37.928032,37.928387,37.928666,37.92901,37.929346,37.929573,37.929977,37.930327,37.931553,37.932028,37.932958,37.933481,37.933702,37.934766,37.934952,37.935031,37.93566,37.93567,37.935801,37.93594,37.93613,37.936476,37.936585,37.936628,37.936581,37.936094,37.935954,37.936,37.936703,37.936902,37.936935,37.936968,37.937161,37.937199,37.937254,37.937331,37.937539,37.937578,37.93766,37.937666,37.937589,37.937534,37.937512,37.937435,37.937403,37.937348,37.937122,37.936963,37.936826,37.9367,37.936595,37.936491,37.936376,37.936261,37.936167,37.936003,37.935909,37.935728,37.935608,37.935465,37.935333,37.935246,37.935097,37.934828,37.934763,37.934362,37.934186,37.934137,37.934032,37.933989,37.933906,37.933506,37.933462,37.933418,37.933368,37.933308,37.933204,37.933171,37.932935,37.932825,37.932738,37.932551,37.93248,37.932359,37.932307,37.932301,37.93203,37.931915,37.931888,37.931855,37.931838,37.93186,37.931882,37.931915,37.931959,37.93208,37.932118,37.932146,37.932184,37.932196,37.932206,37.932229,37.932338,37.93236,37.932366,37.9323,37.932295,37.932377,37.932443,37.932476,37.932509,37.932537,37.932614,37.932817,37.933004,37.933097,37.933163,37.933306,37.933426,37.933542,37.933706,37.934058,37.934327,37.934437,37.934519,37.934678,37.934717,37.934766,37.935118,37.93525,37.93536,37.935425,37.93564,37.935942,37.93631,37.936441,37.936524,37.936579,37.936601,37.936656,37.936671,37.936793,37.93681,37.937062,37.937156,37.937276,37.937403,37.93741,37.937414,37.937419,37.937409,37.937387,37.937305,37.93725,37.937195,37.936948,37.936932,37.936937,37.936965,37.937064,37.937239,37.937421,37.937668,37.937723,37.937789,37.937827,37.937887,37.938014,37.93803,37.93803,37.938003,37.937844,37.937805,37.9378,37.937844,37.937882,37.937899,37.93791,37.93797,37.938146,37.93819,37.938267,37.938316,37.938459,37.938536,37.938591,37.938969,37.939085,37.939145,37.939321,37.939453,37.939771,37.939919,37.940243,37.94043,37.940798,37.941078,37.941391,37.94149,37.941665,37.941775,37.941951,37.942011,37.942083,37.942165,37.942209,37.943076,37.943293,37.943474,37.943625,37.943747,37.943961,37.944111,37.944298,37.944376,37.944477,37.9445,37.944557,37.944613,37.944732,37.94478,37.944878,37.944935,37.944997,37.945151,37.945342,37.945372,37.945556,37.945645,37.94575,37.945834,37.945961,37.946054,37.946181,37.94628,37.946522,37.946634,37.946836,37.9473,37.947424,37.947728,37.947827,37.94789,37.948366,37.948438,37.948522,37.949118,37.949263,37.949716,37.949793,37.950055,37.950243,37.950487,37.950845,37.951032,37.951079,37.951218,37.951308,37.951614,37.951718,37.952135,37.952439,37.952699,37.953141,37.953398,37.953552,37.953882,37.954158,37.954215,37.95452,37.954587,37.955061,37.955391,37.955637,37.955693,37.955763,37.955831,37.955982,37.956059,37.956314,37.956404,37.956577,37.956764,37.95685,37.95764,37.957705,37.957847,37.957943,37.958033,37.958101,37.958252,37.958309,37.958478,37.958415,37.958389,37.958379,37.958386,37.958409,37.958426,37.958435,37.958467,37.958537,37.958617,37.958773,37.958958,37.959233,37.959434,37.959886,37.960048,37.960173,37.960296,37.960388,37.960578,37.960853,37.960966,37.961268,37.961393,37.961567,37.961757,37.962569,37.962864,37.964062,37.964294,37.964541,37.964635,37.964698,37.964919,37.965168,37.965329,37.965434,37.965648,37.96573,37.96579,37.965949,37.96606,37.96619,37.96623,37.966399,37.966633,37.966753,37.96682,37.966937,37.967099,37.967176,37.967307,37.967398,37.967444,37.967567,37.967758,37.96782,37.967853,37.96789,37.967951,37.968126,37.96824,37.968445,37.968467,37.968542,37.968611,37.968683,37.968777,37.968974,37.969127,37.969788,37.969991,37.970339,37.970436,37.970763,37.970992,37.971083,37.971183,37.971342,37.971482,37.971765,37.972082,37.972157,37.97252,37.973136,37.973854,37.97449,37.974763,37.975289,37.975599,37.975905,37.975981,37.976315,37.976549,37.976795,37.97707,37.977228,37.977394,37.977646,37.978072,37.978224,37.978475,37.978644,37.978805,37.978911,37.979028,37.979139,37.979356,37.979515,37.979918,37.980308,37.980837,37.980919,37.980994,37.981046,37.981142,37.981235,37.981339,37.981401,37.981496,37.981574,37.981623,37.98174,37.981873,37.982006,37.98223,37.982297,37.982469,37.9831,37.983265,37.983382,37.983509,37.98362,37.983894,37.984014,37.984163,37.984304,37.984369,37.98446,37.984608,37.984843,37.984984,37.985003,37.985035,37.985083,37.985133,37.985197,37.985208,37.98526,37.985284,37.985336,37.985418,37.985511,37.985598,37.985747,37.986426,37.986664,37.986769,37.986953,37.987024,37.987127,37.987616,37.987732,37.98779,37.987962,37.98806,37.988209,37.988332,37.98896,37.989645,37.989751,37.989991,37.990088,37.990186,37.991003,37.991153,37.991301,37.991408,37.991579,37.991738,37.991782,37.991941,37.992009,37.992141,37.992402,37.992646,37.992848,37.993002,37.993111,37.993197,37.993362,37.993904,37.993967,37.994517,37.994661,37.994782,37.995185,37.995468,37.995844,37.996073,37.996299,37.99637,37.996577,37.996709,37.996789,37.996879,37.99696]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.183768,-78.183007,-78.181653,-78.181554,-78.181318,-78.1813,-78.181198,-78.181165,-78.181146,-78.181044,-78.181021,-78.180992,-78.180963,-78.180935,-78.180909,-78.18089,-78.180853,-78.180807,-78.180783,-78.180735,-78.180695,-78.180676,-78.180653,-78.180634,-78.180616,-78.180585,-78.180565,-78.180518,-78.180485,-78.180467,-78.180448,-78.180429,-78.180407,-78.180364,-78.180337,-78.180318,-78.180299,-78.180282,-78.180239,-78.180198,-78.18015,-78.180097,-78.179992,-78.179974,-78.179932,-78.179913,-78.17989,-78.179843,-78.179825,-78.179797,-78.179769,-78.179732,-78.179713,-78.179692,-78.179667,-78.179639,-78.17962,-78.179587,-78.179557,-78.179538,-78.179518,-78.179494,-78.179466,-78.179445,-78.179422,-78.179387,-78.179357,-78.179324,-78.179299,-78.17928,-78.179257,-78.179224,-78.179187,-78.179168,-78.17915,-78.179127,-78.179089,-78.179059,-78.179008,-78.178957,-78.178904,-78.178852,-78.178817,-78.178589,-78.178549,-78.178473,-78.178382,-78.178317,-78.178296,-78.178266,-78.178205,-78.178107,-78.178033,-78.178003,-78.177951,-78.177931,-78.177903,-78.177872,-78.177851,-78.177828,-78.177767,-78.177713,-78.177659,-78.177605,-78.17755,-78.177512,-78.177458,-78.177372,-78.177316,-78.177274,-78.177223,-78.1772,-78.177139,-78.177114,-78.177088,-78.177065,-78.177046,-78.177023,-78.176977,-78.176879,-78.176851,-78.176832,-78.176814,-78.176784,-78.176751,-78.17673,-78.176711,-78.176688,-78.176641,-78.176618,-78.176588,-78.176558,-78.176534,-78.176507,-78.176471,-78.176421,-78.176372,-78.176322,-78.176274,-78.176255,-78.176208,-78.17619,-78.176129,-78.175787,-78.175769,-78.17573,-78.175711,-78.175688,-78.175583,-78.175559,-78.175501,-78.175476,-78.175459,-78.175441,-78.175427,-78.175408,-78.175399,-78.175385,-78.175371,-78.175352,-78.175342,-78.175313,-78.17526,-78.175208,-78.175154,-78.175129,-78.17511,-78.175092,-78.175068,-78.175055,-78.175031,-78.175013,-78.174997,-78.174975,-78.174929,-78.17491,-78.174892,-78.174869,-78.174847,-78.174778,-78.174738,-78.17471,-78.174663,-78.174636,-78.174617,-78.174601,-78.174575,-78.174552,-78.174528,-78.174431,-78.174412,-78.174392,-78.17437,-78.174347,-78.174329,-78.174305,-78.174287,-78.174263,-78.174243,-78.174215,-78.174189,-78.174156,-78.174113,-78.174075,-78.174035,-78.173993,-78.173947,-78.17391,-78.173877,-78.173859,-78.173831,-78.173812,-78.173771,-78.173752,-78.173733,-78.173719,-78.173705,-78.173696,-78.173687,-78.173684,-78.173682,-78.173682,-78.173682,-78.173679,-78.173677,-78.173673,-78.173663,-78.173654,-78.173644,-78.173626,-78.173603,-78.173584,-78.173565,-78.173533,-78.173514,-78.173505,-78.173491,-78.173482,-78.173463,-78.173412,-78.173379,-78.17336,-78.173333,-78.173305,-78.173283,-78.173241,-78.173205,-78.173185,-78.173151,-78.173133,-78.173095,-78.173077,-78.173044,-78.173021,-78.172974,-78.172956,-78.172937,-78.172914,-78.172895,-78.172868,-78.172849,-78.172821,-78.172779,-78.172765,-78.172719,-78.172686,-78.172625,-78.1726,-78.17256,-78.172504,-78.172476,-78.172451,-78.17243,-78.172416,-78.1724,-78.172342,-78.172323,-78.1723,-78.172272,-78.172251,-78.172225,-78.17219,-78.172169,-78.172109,-78.172048,-78.17203,-78.172011,-78.171988,-78.171964,-78.171885,-78.171862,-78.171809,-78.17179,-78.171713,-78.17169,-78.171641,-78.171597,-78.171574,-78.171555,-78.171527,-78.171504,-78.171452,-78.171423,-78.171395,-78.171371,-78.17133,-78.171303,-78.171299,-78.171309,-78.171311,-78.171311,-78.171306,-78.171294,-78.171283,-78.171271,-78.171243,-78.171224,-78.171197,-78.171164,-78.171146,-78.171124,-78.171103,-78.17108,-78.171053,-78.171027,-78.171001,-78.170973,-78.170959,-78.170948,-78.170927,-78.170882,-78.170861,-78.17084,-78.170817,-78.170801,-78.170783,-78.170759,-78.170736,-78.170643,-78.170624,-78.170606,-78.17058,-78.170554,-78.170536,-78.170481,-78.170427,-78.170372,-78.170317,-78.170305,-78.170285,-78.170215,-78.170192,-78.170173,-78.170147,-78.17007,-78.17001,-78.169984,-78.169963,-78.169893,-78.169879,-78.169852,-78.169838,-78.169821,-78.169707,-78.169684,-78.169661,-78.169647,-78.169626,-78.169607,-78.169579,-78.169544,-78.169535,-78.169519,-78.169502,-78.16947,-78.169456,-78.169442,-78.169433,-78.169405,-78.169391,-78.169377,-78.169363,-78.169344,-78.169293,-78.169279,-78.16927,-78.16926,-78.169256,-78.169246,-78.169237,-78.16922,-78.169203,-78.169188,-78.169175,-78.169161,-78.169155,-78.169146,-78.169123,-78.1691,-78.169088,-78.169056,-78.169037,-78.169023,-78.168995,-78.168971,-78.168957,-78.168939,-78.168927,-78.168871,-78.168862,-78.16885,-78.168843,-78.168838,-78.168838,-78.168836,-78.168829,-78.168815,-78.168805,-78.168784,-78.168775,-78.168765,-78.168756,-78.168751,-78.168733,-78.168713,-78.168697,-78.168686,-78.168676,-78.168672,-78.168662,-78.168653,-78.168648,-78.168639,-78.168625,-78.168616,-78.168567,-78.168553,-78.168539,-78.168462,-78.168439,-78.168425,-78.168411,-78.168401,-78.168379,-78.168364,-78.168345,-78.168303,-78.168294,-78.168289,-78.168275,-78.168266,-78.168257,-78.168245,-78.168229,-78.168205,-78.168191,-78.168182,-78.168182,-78.168191,-78.168211,-78.168223,-78.168232,-78.168242,-78.168251,-78.168251,-78.168253,-78.168253,-78.168253,-78.168251,-78.168232,-78.168213,-78.168195,-78.168171,-78.168153,-78.168134,-78.168115,-78.168078,-78.168062,-78.168036,-78.168013,-78.167994,-78.16798,-78.167957,-78.167948,-78.167929,-78.167915,-78.167888,-78.167873,-78.16784,-78.167831,-78.167817,-78.167789,-78.167775,-78.167756,-78.167738,-78.167704,-78.16767,-78.167639,-78.167607,-78.167589,-78.167568,-78.167528,-78.167511,-78.167495,-78.167472,-78.167444,-78.167421,-78.1674,-78.167376,-78.167355,-78.167337,-78.167318,-78.167281,-78.167253,-78.167234,-78.167206,-78.167183,-78.167141,-78.167123,-78.167095,-78.167062,-78.167041,-78.167022,-78.166992,-78.166956,-78.166941,-78.166913,-78.166885,-78.166857,-78.166829,-78.166797,-78.166764,-78.166736,-78.166708,-78.166689,-78.166642,-78.1666,-78.166556,-78.166508,-78.166484,-78.16647,-78.166454,-78.166438,-78.166421,-78.16641,-78.166396,-78.166382,-78.166356,-78.166347,-78.166333,-78.166326,-78.166317,-78.166303,-78.166228,-78.166205,-78.166191,-78.166167,-78.166144,-78.166123,-78.166107,-78.166083,-78.16606,-78.166023,-78.166009,-78.165988,-78.165955,-78.165939,-78.165918,-78.16589,-78.165864,-78.16585,-78.165836,-78.165813,-78.165799,-78.165782,-78.165749,-78.165714,-78.165689,-78.165666,-78.16565,-78.165638,-78.165627,-78.165585,-78.165533,-78.165515,-78.165461,-78.165435,-78.165344,-78.165328,-78.165309,-78.165293,-78.165249,-78.165233,-78.165216,-78.165205,-78.165198,-78.165184,-78.165165,-78.165144,-78.165118,-78.165095,-78.165076,-78.165067,-78.165055,-78.165039,-78.16502,-78.164997,-78.164978,-78.164951,-78.164912,-78.164861,-78.164816,-78.164772,-78.164724,-78.164706,-78.164685,-78.164667,-78.164624,-78.164608,-78.164587,-78.164559,-78.164543,-78.164522,-78.164499,-78.16448,-78.164454,-78.164429,-78.16441,-78.164382,-78.164331,-78.164322,-78.164284,-78.164252,-78.164196,-78.16415,-78.164117,-78.164084,-78.164068,-78.164049,-78.164033,-78.164015,-78.163991,-78.163949,-78.163914,-78.163891,-78.16387,-78.163847,-78.163828,-78.1638,-78.163783,-78.163733,-78.163684,-78.163638,-78.163595,-78.163581,-78.163558,-78.163518,-78.163464,-78.163446,-78.163423,-78.16339,-78.163372,-78.163344,-78.163325,-78.163316,-78.163311,-78.163307,-78.1633,-78.163293,-78.163281,-78.16326,-78.163242,-78.1632,-78.163174,-78.163151,-78.163135,-78.163102,-78.163081,-78.163065,-78.163027,-78.163011,-78.162986,-78.162972,-78.162948,-78.162925,-78.162904,-78.162893,-78.162873,-78.162853,-78.162855,-78.16284,-78.162812,-78.162779,-78.16274,-78.162695,-78.162636,-78.162583,-78.16253,-78.162501,-78.162478,-78.162445,-78.162431,-78.162422,-78.162417,-78.162417,-78.162415,-78.162422,-78.162426,-78.162436,-78.16244,-78.162445,-78.16244,-78.162431,-78.162414,-78.162398,-78.162379,-78.162356,-78.162321,-78.162295,-78.162175,-78.162151,-78.162082,-78.162058,-78.16204,-78.162012,-78.1619,-78.161881,-78.161853,-78.161827,-78.161788,-78.16175,-78.161715,-78.161681,-78.16165,-78.161621,-78.161583,-78.161551,-78.161499,-78.161472,-78.161452,-78.161424,-78.161415,-78.161415,-78.161419,-78.161422,-78.16142,-78.16141,-78.161396,-78.161387,-78.161373,-78.16134,-78.161322,-78.161303,-78.16128,-78.161234,-78.161099,-78.16108,-78.161038,-78.161022,-78.161005,-78.161004,-78.16101,-78.161015,-78.16102,-78.161024,-78.161025,-78.161022,-78.160998,-78.160956,-78.160901,-78.160847,-78.160819,-78.16082,-78.160803,-78.160769,-78.160724,-78.160678,-78.160655,-78.160657,-78.160646,-78.160635,-78.160625,-78.160622,-78.160614,-78.160587,-78.160562,-78.160528,-78.160461,-78.160403,-78.160365,-78.160332,-78.160284,-78.160222,-78.160171,-78.16013,-78.160113,-78.160084,-78.160063,-78.16003,-78.159983,-78.159946,-78.159923,-78.159876,-78.159835,-78.159797,-78.159789,-78.159796,-78.159783,-78.159756,-78.159678,-78.159629,-78.159559,-78.159484,-78.159471,-78.159397,-78.159316,-78.159297,-78.159268,-78.159241,-78.159209,-78.159189,-78.159162,-78.159099,-78.159047,-78.158995,-78.158941,-78.158923,-78.158891,-78.158864,-78.158845,-78.158823,-78.158796,-78.158777,-78.15874,-78.158712,-78.158687,-78.158663,-78.158631,-78.158571,-78.158525,-78.158429,-78.158359,-78.158301,-78.158264,-78.158234,-78.158204,-78.158169,-78.15811,-78.158041,-78.158005,-78.15798,-78.157957,-78.157928,-78.157831,-78.157781,-78.157752,-78.157731,-78.157713,-78.157697,-78.157676,-78.157538,-78.157503,-78.157468,-78.157447,-78.157432,-78.157412,-78.157393,-78.157382,-78.157359,-78.157335,-78.157315,-78.157283,-78.157246,-78.157187,-78.157171,-78.157161,-78.15712,-78.157094,-78.157066,-78.157044,-78.157016,-78.15698,-78.156951,-78.156932,-78.156911,-78.15689,-78.156872,-78.156859,-78.156854,-78.156851,-78.156835,-78.156814,-78.156791,-78.15677,-78.156748,-78.156709,-78.156656,-78.156635,-78.15661,-78.156591,-78.156582,-78.156577,-78.156578,-78.156565,-78.156537,-78.15651,-78.156475,-78.15645,-78.156413,-78.15639,-78.156237,-78.156186,-78.156166,-78.156105,-78.156056,-78.156036,-78.155989,-78.155952,-78.155918,-78.155886,-78.155863,-78.155819,-78.155739,-78.155719,-78.155696,-78.155637,-78.155583,-78.155535,-78.155495,-78.155464,-78.155406,-78.155329,-78.155302,-78.15528,-78.15525,-78.155216,-78.155179,-78.155142,-78.155088,-78.155049,-78.155025,-78.155002,-78.154976,-78.154955,-78.154921,-78.154862,-78.154843,-78.154824,-78.154805,-78.154784,-78.154743,-78.154692,-78.154668,-78.154636,-78.154598,-78.154563,-78.154552,-78.154547,-78.154528,-78.154477,-78.154437,-78.154408,-78.154393,-78.154343,-78.154304,-78.154253,-78.154233,-78.154211,-78.154191,-78.154165,-78.154151,-78.154113,-78.154096,-78.154076,-78.154055,-78.154033,-78.154015,-78.15399,-78.15397,-78.153906,-78.153886,-78.153861,-78.153812,-78.15379,-78.153768,-78.153738,-78.153719,-78.15368,-78.153633,-78.153613,-78.153596,-78.153576,-78.153557,-78.15353,-78.15351,-78.153497,-78.153486,-78.153478,-78.153473,-78.153472,-78.153467,-78.153467,-78.15346,-78.153412,-78.153366,-78.153314,-78.153272,-78.15326,-78.153251,-78.153221,-78.153212,-78.153197,-78.153167,-78.153148,-78.153025,-78.152996,-78.152966,-78.152896,-78.152857,-78.152832,-78.152798,-78.152765,-78.152745,-78.15273,-78.152719,-78.152715,-78.15271,-78.152714,-78.152724,-78.152751,-78.15278,-78.152812,-78.152853,-78.15284,-78.152811,-78.152767,-78.152717,-78.152668,-78.152609,-78.152563,-78.152525,-78.152494,-78.152459,-78.152453,-78.152439,-78.152405,-78.152356,-78.152272,-78.152226,-78.152171,-78.152108,-78.152047,-78.151968,-78.151938,-78.151901,-78.151874,-78.151851,-78.151821,-78.151802,-78.151772,-78.15172,-78.151658,-78.151616,-78.151575,-78.15152,-78.151465,-78.151417,-78.151348,-78.151301,-78.151258,-78.151214,-78.151169,-78.151155,-78.151142,-78.151127,-78.151116,-78.151102,-78.151088,-78.151053,-78.151033,-78.150957,-78.150898,-78.15084,-78.150784,-78.150732,-78.150692,-78.150672,-78.150637,-78.150592,-78.150581,-78.150571,-78.15056,-78.150559,-78.150554,-78.150552,-78.15055,-78.150547,-78.150533,-78.150523,-78.150508,-78.150485,-78.150462,-78.150418,-78.150392,-78.150366,-78.15034,-78.150304,-78.150278,-78.150258,-78.150252,-78.150231,-78.150203,-78.150201,-78.150225,-78.150227,-78.150192,-78.150179,-78.150126,-78.150093,-78.150067,-78.150053,-78.150044,-78.15004,-78.150017,-78.14998,-78.149951,-78.149914,-78.149857,-78.149831,-78.149807,-78.149784,-78.149762,-78.149744,-78.149706,-78.149683,-78.149661,-78.149595,-78.149558,-78.149402,-78.149175,-78.149028,-78.14889,-78.148793,-78.148704,-78.148661,-78.148606,-78.148542,-78.148515,-78.148494,-78.148456,-78.148441,-78.148389,-78.148372,-78.14835,-78.148325,-78.148297,-78.148233,-78.148213,-78.148149,-78.148119,-78.14809,-78.148052,-78.148026,-78.148008,-78.147989,-78.147964,-78.147925,-78.147875,-78.147816,-78.147754,-78.147703,-78.147666,-78.147617,-78.147593,-78.147578,-78.147582,-78.147615,-78.147635,-78.147633,-78.147625,-78.14761,-78.147603,-78.147587,-78.147562,-78.14753,-78.147495,-78.147467,-78.14744,-78.147422,-78.147429,-78.147443,-78.147458,-78.147473,-78.147486,-78.14749,-78.147475,-78.147435,-78.147385,-78.14736,-78.147347,-78.147339,-78.147339,-78.147343,-78.147352,-78.147369,-78.147383,-78.147405,-78.147424,-78.14745,-78.147462,-78.147471,-78.147481,-78.147482,-78.147484,-78.14747,-78.147428,-78.147373,-78.147331,-78.147309,-78.14725,-78.14723,-78.147204,-78.14718,-78.14716,-78.14714,-78.147118,-78.147091,-78.147066,-78.147044,-78.147016,-78.147001,-78.146982,-78.146979,-78.146971,-78.146963,-78.146934,-78.146926,-78.146918,-78.14691,-78.146909,-78.146908,-78.146912,-78.146919,-78.146943,-78.146947,-78.146946,-78.146944,-78.146942,-78.146937,-78.146905,-78.146861,-78.146808,-78.146781,-78.146762,-78.146732,-78.14671,-78.146685,-78.146667,-78.146636,-78.146629,-78.146626,-78.146626,-78.146625,-78.146629,-78.146636,-78.146642,-78.146657,-78.146667,-78.146688,-78.146706,-78.146713,-78.146707,-78.146693,-78.146674,-78.146637,-78.146617,-78.146602,-78.146576,-78.146561,-78.14653,-78.146519,-78.146504,-78.146499,-78.146495,-78.146494,-78.146495,-78.146498,-78.146497,-78.146495,-78.146494,-78.146493,-78.146495,-78.146499,-78.146512,-78.14652,-78.146531,-78.146581,-78.146591,-78.146596,-78.1466,-78.1466,-78.146597,-78.146589,-78.146576,-78.146561,-78.146538,-78.146521,-78.146496,-78.146463,-78.146436,-78.146396,-78.146347,-78.146322,-78.146278,-78.146243,-78.146218,-78.146193,-78.146168,-78.146152,-78.146129,-78.146107,-78.146092,-78.146076,-78.146065,-78.146053,-78.146033,-78.146004,-78.145974,-78.145958,-78.145952,-78.145948,-78.145945,-78.145942,-78.145941,-78.145936,-78.145927,-78.145919,-78.145909,-78.145891,-78.145873,-78.145857,-78.145836,-78.145821,-78.1458,-78.145785,-78.145739,-78.145714,-78.145696,-78.145669,-78.145647,-78.145621,-78.145574,-78.145554,-78.145535,-78.145515,-78.14549,-78.145451,-78.145425,-78.14537,-78.145354,-78.145329,-78.145309,-78.145288,-78.145258,-78.145244,-78.145207,-78.145174,-78.145136,-78.145099,-78.145053,-78.145017,-78.144997,-78.144977,-78.144957,-78.144927,-78.1449,-78.14487,-78.144843,-78.144808,-78.144789,-78.144764,-78.144739,-78.144704,-78.144679,-78.144629,-78.144613,-78.144568,-78.144548,-78.144533,-78.144522,-78.144503,-78.144484,-78.144469,-78.144453,-78.144443,-78.14442,-78.144404,-78.14438,-78.144342,-78.144279,-78.144231,-78.144192,-78.144145,-78.144099,-78.144054,-78.143993,-78.143945,-78.143898,-78.143836,-78.143802,-78.143778,-78.143753,-78.143734,-78.143709,-78.14369,-78.143654,-78.143634,-78.143622,-78.143614,-78.143602,-78.143586,-78.143544,-78.143535,-78.143521,-78.143509,-78.1435,-78.143489,-78.143466,-78.143472,-78.143496,-78.143529,-78.143544,-78.143547,-78.143558,-78.143551,-78.143522,-78.143478,-78.143437,-78.143418,-78.143399,-78.14338,-78.143337,-78.143294,-78.143271,-78.143248,-78.143231,-78.143215,-78.143193,-78.143167,-78.143132,-78.143105,-78.143087,-78.143068,-78.143052,-78.14304,-78.14303,-78.143012,-78.143002,-78.143,-78.142999,-78.143,-78.142997,-78.142996,-78.142983,-78.142995,-78.142967,-78.142911,-78.142851,-78.14278,-78.142715,-78.142638,-78.142587,-78.142527,-78.142509,-78.142504,-78.142518,-78.142506,-78.142467,-78.142428,-78.14241,-78.142388,-78.142352,-78.14234,-78.142323,-78.142304,-78.142278,-78.142255,-78.142236,-78.142187,-78.142162,-78.142133,-78.142108,-78.142078,-78.142059,-78.142043,-78.141989,-78.141935,-78.14188,-78.141826,-78.141771,-78.141741,-78.141684,-78.141634,-78.141599,-78.141579,-78.14154,-78.14152,-78.141481,-78.141303,-78.141283,-78.14124,-78.141216,-78.141191,-78.141133,-78.141113,-78.141083,-78.141063,-78.141044,-78.141019,-78.140987,-78.140964,-78.140926,-78.140913,-78.140902,-78.140892,-78.140882,-78.140866,-78.140836,-78.1408,-78.140762,-78.140723,-78.140682,-78.140662,-78.140638,-78.140628,-78.140617,-78.140604,-78.140593,-78.140555,-78.140541,-78.140472,-78.140447,-78.140401,-78.140385,-78.140341,-78.140291,-78.140239,-78.140219,-78.140191,-78.140172,-78.13991,-78.139881,-78.139841,-78.139821,-78.139766,-78.139711,-78.139657,-78.139597,-78.139574,-78.139509,-78.139479,-78.139454,-78.139409,-78.139382,-78.139362,-78.139335,-78.139315,-78.139258,-78.139236,-78.139211,-78.138945,-78.138886,-78.138763,-78.138732,-78.138683,-78.13863,-78.138579,-78.138537,-78.13847,-78.138405,-78.138359,-78.138323,-78.138285,-78.138248,-78.138219,-78.138198,-78.138172,-78.138131,-78.138095,-78.138061,-78.138031,-78.137995,-78.137966,-78.137938,-78.137919,-78.137896,-78.137863,-78.137818,-78.137803,-78.13779,-78.137743,-78.13772,-78.137717,-78.137741,-78.137773,-78.137799,-78.137842,-78.137865,-78.137876,-78.13787,-78.137858,-78.137837,-78.137812,-78.137766,-78.137699,-78.137642,-78.137603,-78.137573,-78.13753,-78.137495,-78.137419,-78.137329,-78.13729,-78.137238,-78.137188,-78.137171,-78.137147,-78.13712,-78.13708,-78.137036,-78.136985,-78.136951,-78.136923,-78.136904,-78.136898,-78.136903,-78.136904,-78.136907,-78.136899,-78.136876,-78.136843,-78.136799,-78.136746,-78.136688,-78.136628,-78.136582,-78.136535,-78.136502,-78.136456,-78.136417,-78.136384,-78.136351,-78.136295,-78.136242,-78.13619,-78.13615,-78.136131,-78.136131,-78.136154,-78.136192,-78.136235,-78.136265,-78.136297,-78.136328,-78.136318,-78.136294,-78.136274,-78.136252,-78.136224,-78.136169,-78.136124,-78.136077,-78.136028,-78.13598,-78.135952,-78.135933,-78.1359,-78.135881,-78.135861,-78.135842,-78.135808,-78.135778,-78.135752,-78.135711,-78.135698,-78.135677,-78.135648,-78.135631,-78.135554,-78.135534,-78.135517,-78.135496,-78.135476,-78.135457,-78.135437,-78.135413,-78.135369,-78.135347,-78.135313,-78.135267,-78.135203,-78.135189,-78.135174,-78.135166,-78.13514,-78.13513,-78.135126,-78.135099,-78.135076,-78.135045,-78.135004,-78.134965,-78.134929,-78.134885,-78.134839,-78.134813,-78.134782,-78.134756,-78.13474,-78.134744,-78.134744,-78.134727,-78.134693,-78.134661,-78.134634,-78.134604,-78.134585,-78.134517,-78.134502,-78.134483,-78.134459,-78.134439,-78.134425,-78.13441,-78.134389,-78.134362,-78.134347,-78.134328,-78.134311,-78.134291,-78.134266,-78.134248,-78.134208,-78.134174,-78.13413,-78.134087,-78.134034,-78.133994,-78.133967,-78.13396,-78.133955,-78.133958,-78.133969,-78.133998,-78.134019,-78.134014,-78.134007,-78.133997,-78.133981,-78.133969,-78.133943,-78.133917,-78.133863,-78.133811,-78.133779,-78.133756,-78.133734,-78.133704,-78.133684,-78.133662,-78.13361,-78.133575,-78.133526,-78.133471,-78.13341,-78.133351,-78.133305,-78.133262,-78.133214,-78.133174,-78.133135,-78.13309,-78.133037,-78.132988,-78.132958,-78.132919,-78.132868,-78.132781,-78.132709,-78.132683,-78.132629,-78.132576,-78.132523,-78.132469,-78.132442,-78.132417,-78.132282,-78.132263,-78.132229,-78.132154,-78.132129,-78.132109,-78.132039,-78.132,-78.131942,-78.131893,-78.131844,-78.131797,-78.131748,-78.131695,-78.131639,-78.131585,-78.131557,-78.131534,-78.131527,-78.131531,-78.131561,-78.131561,-78.131541,-78.131511,-78.131492,-78.131437,-78.131391,-78.131346,-78.131326,-78.131321,-78.131316,-78.131307,-78.131295,-78.131258,-78.131224,-78.131185,-78.131138,-78.13109,-78.131035,-78.130997,-78.130963,-78.130934,-78.130885,-78.130799,-78.130735,-78.13069,-78.13067,-78.130635,-78.130605,-78.13058,-78.13056,-78.130545,-78.13052,-78.1305,-78.13048,-78.130455,-78.130424,-78.130404,-78.130378,-78.130332,-78.130285,-78.130236,-78.13019,-78.130123,-78.130093,-78.13006,-78.130038,-78.130014,-78.129979,-78.129954,-78.12976,-78.129733,-78.129686,-78.129661,-78.129622,-78.129604,-78.129541,-78.129521,-78.129498,-78.129471,-78.129374,-78.129334,-78.129303,-78.129258,-78.129215,-78.129186,-78.129163,-78.129138,-78.12912,-78.129075,-78.129038,-78.129019,-78.128965,-78.128934,-78.128913,-78.128888,-78.128863,-78.128843,-78.128817,-78.128745,-78.128718,-78.12868,-78.128645,-78.128609,-78.128569,-78.128538,-78.128503,-78.128479,-78.128453,-78.128422,-78.128389,-78.128336,-78.128268,-78.128205,-78.128167,-78.128107,-78.128086,-78.128066,-78.128018,-78.127993,-78.127973,-78.127948,-78.127895,-78.127839,-78.127787,-78.127727,-78.12766,-78.127603,-78.127542,-78.127475,-78.12744,-78.127411,-78.127422,-78.127423,-78.127387,-78.127343,-78.127307,-78.127271,-78.127233,-78.127206,-78.127179,-78.127164,-78.12717,-78.12718,-78.127175,-78.127176,-78.127169,-78.127157,-78.127137,-78.127111,-78.127078,-78.127016,-78.126971,-78.126944,-78.126916,-78.126857,-78.126832,-78.126814,-78.126794,-78.126749,-78.126714,-78.126685,-78.126643,-78.126596,-78.126554,-78.126502,-78.126439,-78.126401,-78.12636,-78.12634,-78.126318,-78.126251,-78.126211,-78.126163,-78.126104,-78.126085,-78.126055,-78.12599,-78.125965,-78.125945,-78.125841,-78.125752,-78.12571,-78.125678,-78.125658,-78.125559,-78.125532,-78.125505,-78.125456,-78.125428,-78.125409,-78.125377,-78.125278,-78.125245,-78.125223,-78.125205,-78.125153,-78.125103,-78.125053,-78.125007,-78.124957,-78.124913,-78.124893,-78.124861,-78.124827,-78.124805,-78.124756,-78.124696,-78.124671,-78.124602,-78.124578,-78.124555,-78.124532,-78.124483,-78.124448,-78.124202,-78.124177,-78.12414,-78.124117,-78.124083,-78.124051,-78.124029,-78.123996,-78.123971,-78.12395,-78.123896,-78.123843,-78.123786,-78.123726,-78.123665,-78.123632,-78.12361,-78.12357,-78.123516,-78.123487,-78.123461,-78.12344,-78.123402,-78.123355,-78.123317,-78.123275,-78.123218,-78.123166,-78.123144,-78.123119,-78.123095,-78.123079,-78.123068,-78.123064,-78.123059,-78.123053,-78.123043,-78.122991,-78.122976,-78.122921,-78.122891,-78.122864,-78.122836,-78.122807,-78.122791,-78.122769,-78.122742,-78.122721,-78.122695,-78.122644,-78.122627,-78.122612,-78.122564,-78.122545,-78.12253,-78.122511,-78.122466,-78.122441,-78.122416,-78.122396,-78.122358,-78.122328,-78.122293,-78.122261,-78.122242,-78.122225,-78.12222,-78.122217,-78.122195,-78.122177,-78.122161,-78.122127,-78.1221,-78.122056,-78.121984,-78.121931,-78.121852,-78.121772,-78.1217,-78.121613,-78.121558,-78.121529,-78.121504,-78.121481,-78.121454,-78.121442,-78.121432,-78.121426,-78.121426,-78.121425,-78.121417,-78.121404,-78.121379,-78.121352,-78.121327,-78.121294,-78.121237,-78.121203,-78.121165,-78.121128,-78.121094,-78.121052,-78.121007,-78.120958,-78.12088,-78.120819,-78.120767,-78.120699,-78.120632,-78.120576,-78.120532,-78.120479,-78.120422,-78.120364,-78.120311,-78.120272,-78.120216,-78.120165,-78.120146,-78.120119,-78.120104,-78.120087,-78.120046,-78.120029,-78.119985,-78.119936,-78.119893,-78.119868,-78.119796,-78.119762,-78.119707,-78.119657,-78.11962,-78.119576,-78.119533,-78.119502,-78.119467,-78.119437,-78.119413,-78.119395,-78.119376,-78.119359,-78.119344,-78.119312,-78.11929,-78.11927,-78.119177,-78.119146,-78.119126,-78.119088,-78.11906,-78.119047,-78.119013,-78.11898,-78.118938,-78.118909,-78.118868,-78.118848,-78.118821,-78.118789,-78.118725,-78.118705,-78.118646,-78.118592,-78.118572,-78.118536,-78.118482,-78.11843,-78.118378,-78.118335,-78.118315,-78.118291,-78.118242,-78.118202,-78.118177,-78.118145,-78.118123,-78.118094,-78.118054,-78.118029,-78.118009,-78.117965,-78.117935,-78.117913,-78.117891,-78.117856,-78.117832,-78.117784,-78.117762,-78.117737,-78.117702,-78.117636,-78.117614,-78.117582,-78.117549,-78.117522,-78.117489,-78.117432,-78.117377,-78.117357,-78.117337,-78.117315,-78.117293,-78.117267,-78.117191,-78.117096,-78.117073,-78.117022,-78.117002,-78.116963,-78.116933,-78.116913,-78.11686,-78.116832,-78.116806,-78.116676,-78.116654,-78.116626,-78.116597,-78.116578,-78.116561,-78.116556,-78.116551,-78.116552,-78.116562,-78.116578,-78.116596,-78.116644,-78.116671,-78.116696,-78.116716,-78.116748,-78.11677,-78.116776,-78.116783,-78.116783,-78.116782,-78.116776,-78.116756,-78.116738,-78.116743,-78.116764,-78.116796,-78.116815,-78.116827,-78.116826,-78.11682,-78.116808,-78.116788,-78.116759,-78.116716,-78.116687,-78.116661,-78.116634,-78.116619,-78.116615,-78.116624,-78.116636,-78.116656,-78.116673,-78.116698,-78.11672,-78.116734,-78.116732,-78.116724,-78.116703,-78.116677,-78.116647,-78.116622,-78.116597,-78.116582,-78.11656,-78.116521,-78.116476,-78.116439,-78.116396,-78.116364,-78.116339,-78.116301,-78.116253,-78.116215,-78.116182,-78.116145,-78.116116,-78.116079,-78.116059,-78.115962,-78.115948,-78.115898,-78.115852,-78.11581,-78.115763,-78.115722,-78.115684,-78.115652,-78.115602,-78.115539,-78.115469,-78.115439,-78.11541,-78.11539,-78.115294,-78.115239,-78.115185,-78.11513,-78.115045,-78.114992,-78.114929,-78.114882,-78.114844,-78.114825,-78.1148,-78.114773,-78.114749,-78.114732,-78.114722,-78.114686,-78.114689,-78.114687,-78.114684,-78.114674,-78.114659,-78.114638,-78.114607,-78.114577,-78.114548,-78.114527,-78.114504,-78.114479,-78.114454,-78.114432,-78.114399,-78.114374,-78.114337,-78.114319,-78.114301,-78.114275,-78.114255,-78.114235,-78.114213,-78.11421,-78.114194,-78.114176,-78.114159,-78.114141,-78.114122,-78.1141,-78.114077,-78.114052,-78.114031,-78.114002,-78.113955,-78.113916,-78.113884,-78.113847,-78.113807,-78.113759,-78.113739,-78.11372,-78.113709,-78.113725,-78.113724,-78.113712,-78.113692,-78.113678,-78.113654,-78.113631,-78.113604,-78.113574,-78.113553,-78.113525,-78.113491,-78.113484,-78.113479,-78.113472,-78.113467,-78.113458,-78.113449,-78.113454,-78.11346,-78.113463,-78.113463,-78.113461,-78.113441,-78.113427,-78.113414,-78.113394,-78.113356,-78.113306,-78.113254,-78.113205,-78.113161,-78.113125,-78.113093,-78.113061,-78.113039,-78.113017,-78.11298,-78.112941,-78.112919,-78.112901,-78.112853,-78.11277,-78.112755,-78.112743,-78.112731,-78.112701,-78.112692,-78.112644,-78.112632,-78.11262,-78.112595,-78.11257,-78.112556,-78.11252,-78.112477,-78.112448,-78.112408,-78.112375,-78.112347,-78.112325,-78.112312,-78.112302,-78.112293,-78.112284,-78.112269,-78.112255,-78.112245,-78.112231,-78.112221,-78.112204,-78.112197,-78.112185,-78.112176,-78.112158,-78.112139,-78.112123,-78.112097,-78.112068,-78.112037,-78.112001,-78.111965,-78.111928,-78.111903,-78.111878,-78.111863,-78.111852,-78.111857,-78.11184,-78.111813,-78.111788,-78.111739,-78.111701,-78.11169,-78.111679,-78.111668,-78.111665,-78.111673,-78.111678,-78.111684,-78.11169,-78.111702,-78.111714,-78.111729,-78.111738,-78.111747,-78.11176,-78.111772,-78.111782,-78.111799,-78.111821,-78.111858,-78.111882,-78.111899,-78.111908,-78.111908,-78.111903,-78.111901,-78.111897,-78.111891,-78.11188,-78.111867,-78.111837,-78.1118,-78.11177,-78.111748,-78.11173,-78.111716,-78.111712,-78.111707,-78.111708,-78.111707,-78.111711,-78.111716,-78.111746,-78.111777,-78.111813,-78.111888,-78.1119,-78.111915,-78.11192,-78.111925,-78.111931,-78.111928,-78.111924,-78.111917,-78.111908,-78.111872,-78.111867,-78.111857,-78.111847,-78.111833,-78.111821,-78.111807,-78.111794,-78.111769,-78.111759,-78.111757,-78.111757,-78.111772,-78.1118,-78.111826,-78.111852,-78.111872,-78.111901,-78.111934,-78.111968,-78.111997,-78.112021,-78.112028,-78.112027,-78.112034,-78.112053,-78.112082,-78.112118,-78.112166,-78.112211,-78.112241,-78.11227,-78.112289,-78.112298,-78.11231,-78.112317,-78.112325,-78.112322,-78.112338,-78.112367,-78.112389,-78.112403,-78.11241,-78.112414,-78.112417,-78.112412,-78.112409,-78.112396,-78.112368,-78.112346,-78.112331,-78.112317,-78.112301,-78.112286,-78.112281,-78.112271,-78.112264,-78.112261,-78.11226,-78.112259,-78.112253,-78.11224,-78.112208,-78.112186,-78.112153,-78.11209,-78.111972,-78.111923,-78.111899,-78.111874,-78.11183,-78.111791,-78.111774,-78.111747,-78.111728,-78.111671,-78.111652,-78.111643,-78.111613,-78.111595,-78.111551,-78.111522,-78.111492,-78.111387,-78.111343,-78.111314,-78.111279,-78.111259,-78.111224,-78.111184,-78.111115,-78.11106,-78.111031,-78.111004,-78.110974,-78.110944,-78.110895,-78.110875,-78.110831,-78.110811,-78.110772,-78.110713,-78.110691,-78.110669,-78.110645,-78.110603,-78.110571,-78.110551,-78.110521,-78.11049,-78.110457,-78.110432,-78.110393,-78.110337,-78.110282,-78.110226,-78.110184,-78.110149,-78.110124,-78.110097,-78.110065,-78.110055,-78.110036,-78.110019,-78.110002,-78.109933,-78.109873,-78.109854,-78.109809,-78.109762,-78.109685,-78.109665,-78.109636,-78.109616,-78.109566,-78.109537,-78.109441,-78.10942,-78.109404,-78.109389,-78.109364,-78.109316,-78.109289,-78.109247,-78.109188,-78.10914,-78.109075,-78.109033,-78.109011,-78.108971,-78.108927,-78.10887,-78.108813,-78.108754,-78.108704,-78.108647,-78.108629,-78.108598,-78.108568,-78.108533,-78.108514,-78.108486,-78.108437,-78.108403,-78.108382,-78.108358,-78.108348,-78.108365,-78.108403,-78.108445,-78.10848,-78.108477,-78.108444,-78.108386,-78.10836,-78.108305,-78.108231,-78.108172,-78.108107,-78.10803,-78.10795,-78.107926,-78.107886,-78.107757,-78.107729,-78.107674,-78.107628,-78.107586,-78.107548,-78.107535,-78.10752,-78.107512,-78.107504,-78.107474,-78.107463,-78.107452,-78.107444,-78.107435,-78.107421,-78.107401,-78.107382,-78.107373,-78.107361,-78.107349,-78.107339,-78.107316,-78.10728,-78.107262,-78.107216,-78.107193,-78.10717,-78.107146,-78.107118,-78.10709,-78.107064,-78.107023,-78.106942,-78.106912,-78.106879,-78.106842,-78.106806,-78.106777,-78.106725,-78.106663,-78.106596,-78.106545,-78.106501,-78.10648,-78.106464,-78.106418,-78.106395,-78.106377,-78.106361,-78.106341,-78.106321,-78.106305,-78.10629,-78.106226,-78.106185,-78.106167,-78.10613,-78.106107,-78.106084,-78.106065,-78.106044,-78.106014,-78.105976,-78.105927,-78.105902,-78.105869,-78.105842,-78.105814,-78.105795,-78.105776,-78.105725,-78.105706,-78.105688,-78.105664,-78.105638,-78.105588,-78.105543,-78.105501,-78.105461,-78.105441,-78.105425,-78.105412,-78.105398,-78.105376,-78.105358,-78.105345,-78.10535,-78.105359,-78.105366,-78.105371,-78.105372,-78.105371,-78.105364,-78.105349,-78.105336,-78.105316,-78.10528,-78.105241,-78.105199,-78.105165,-78.105111,-78.105082,-78.105056,-78.105033,-78.105009,-78.104976,-78.104953,-78.104934,-78.104911,-78.104885,-78.104864,-78.10481,-78.104786,-78.104729,-78.10468,-78.104635,-78.104607,-78.104593,-78.104553,-78.10453,-78.104503,-78.10447,-78.104448,-78.104423,-78.104397,-78.104313,-78.104287,-78.104266,-78.104226,-78.104174,-78.104153,-78.104134,-78.104106,-78.104076,-78.104053,-78.104034,-78.104012,-78.103988,-78.103951,-78.103933,-78.103915,-78.103899,-78.103885,-78.103856,-78.103847,-78.103838,-78.10382,-78.103785,-78.103758,-78.103714,-78.103696,-78.103639,-78.103589,-78.103535,-78.103482,-78.103466,-78.103445,-78.103425,-78.103406,-78.103385,-78.103366,-78.103341,-78.103313,-78.103286,-78.103232,-78.103179,-78.103116,-78.103032,-78.102976,-78.102916,-78.102854,-78.102733,-78.102669,-78.102642,-78.102577,-78.102532,-78.102515,-78.102448,-78.102402,-78.102331,-78.102238,-78.102183,-78.102137,-78.102088,-78.102054,-78.102046,-78.102028,-78.101989,-78.101945,-78.101887,-78.101834,-78.101748,-78.101688,-78.101641,-78.101603,-78.101522,-78.101486,-78.101308,-78.101197,-78.10111,-78.10101,-78.100939,-78.100823,-78.100769,-78.100705,-78.100648,-78.100609,-78.100532,-78.100466,-78.100409,-78.100303,-78.100212,-78.100105,-78.100011,-78.09991,-78.099771,-78.099681,-78.099568,-78.099482,-78.09943,-78.099361,-78.099274,-78.099194,-78.099121,-78.098977,-78.098914,-78.098811,-78.098735,-78.098659,-78.09855,-78.098469,-78.098395,-78.098325,-78.098249,-78.098177,-78.098114,-78.098086,-78.097978,-78.097921,-78.097843,-78.097738,-78.097674,-78.097649,-78.097599,-78.097559,-78.097493,-78.097416,-78.097349,-78.097257,-78.097166,-78.097097,-78.097026,-78.097005,-78.096953,-78.096756,-78.09669,-78.096535,-78.09644,-78.096305,-78.096157,-78.096027,-78.095922,-78.095844,-78.095784,-78.095621,-78.095364,-78.095326,-78.095224,-78.095142,-78.095037,-78.09493,-78.094829,-78.09474,-78.094645,-78.094551,-78.094487,-78.094408,-78.094321,-78.094186,-78.094047,-78.093924,-78.093855,-78.093788,-78.093682,-78.093554,-78.09328,-78.093222,-78.093193,-78.093155,-78.093094,-78.093063,-78.093027,-78.092955,-78.092872,-78.09277,-78.092638,-78.092541,-78.092435,-78.092331,-78.09217,-78.092054,-78.091953,-78.091837,-78.091725,-78.09162,-78.091521,-78.091519,-78.091518,-78.091527,-78.091466,-78.091357,-78.09123,-78.091128,-78.090981,-78.09086,-78.090742,-78.090642,-78.090527,-78.090428,-78.09036,-78.090272,-78.090224,-78.090157,-78.090043,-78.090024,-78.089907,-78.089814,-78.089707,-78.089603,-78.089447,-78.089281,-78.089142,-78.088992,-78.088825,-78.088587,-78.088365,-78.08819,-78.088098,-78.088015,-78.087954,-78.08794,-78.087913,-78.087872,-78.087851,-78.087833,-78.087823,-78.087807,-78.087763,-78.087718,-78.08768,-78.087643,-78.087612,-78.087554,-78.087549,-78.087548,-78.087581,-78.087651,-78.087704,-78.087718,-78.08772,-78.087675,-78.087597,-78.087493,-78.087409,-78.087264,-78.087166,-78.087112,-78.087028,-78.086961,-78.086794,-78.086674,-78.086543,-78.08644,-78.086238,-78.086103,-78.085959,-78.085826,-78.085787,-78.085746,-78.085528,-78.085377,-78.085308,-78.085223,-78.085119,-78.084965,-78.084871,-78.084768,-78.084624,-78.0844,-78.084233,-78.084059,-78.08396,-78.0838,-78.083615,-78.083454,-78.083206,-78.082958,-78.082832,-78.082627,-78.082532,-78.082368,-78.082077,-78.081782,-78.081607,-78.081517,-78.081405,-78.081318,-78.081166,-78.080963,-78.080844,-78.080731,-78.080596,-78.0805,-78.080503,-78.080528,-78.080565,-78.080643,-78.08075,-78.080866,-78.0809,-78.081055,-78.081111,-78.081117,-78.081021,-78.080719,-78.0806,-78.08042,-78.080254,-78.079931,-78.079781,-78.079625,-78.079532,-78.079391,-78.079319,-78.079258,-78.079204,-78.07915,-78.079017,-78.078948,-78.078877,-78.078834,-78.078784,-78.078728,-78.078685,-78.078686,-78.078664,-78.078601,-78.078539,-78.078471,-78.078395,-78.078326,-78.078255,-78.078186,-78.078121,-78.07805,-78.07797,-78.077908,-78.077855,-78.077824,-78.077816,-78.077823,-78.077812,-78.077806,-78.07776,-78.077698,-78.077577,-78.077463,-78.077411,-78.07736,-78.077268,-78.077184,-78.07708,-78.076959,-78.076854,-78.07674,-78.076674,-78.076653,-78.076647,-78.076633,-78.076614,-78.076593,-78.076563,-78.076548,-78.076537,-78.076498,-78.076418,-78.076295,-78.076162,-78.076129,-78.075976,-78.075876,-78.075768,-78.075661,-78.075545,-78.075465,-78.075358,-78.075215,-78.075111,-78.07498,-78.074945,-78.074812,-78.074751,-78.074595,-78.074463,-78.074309,-78.074164,-78.07409,-78.073948,-78.073855,-78.07374,-78.073598,-78.073476,-78.073298,-78.073139,-78.072975,-78.072841,-78.072714,-78.072619,-78.072539,-78.072417,-78.072253,-78.07207,-78.071914,-78.071734,-78.071578,-78.071366,-78.071156,-78.070976,-78.070885,-78.070847,-78.070823,-78.070773,-78.070653,-78.070588,-78.070576,-78.07054,-78.070525,-78.070487,-78.07041,-78.07032,-78.070245,-78.070162,-78.070052,-78.069945,-78.069859,-78.069779,-78.069699,-78.06962,-78.069526,-78.069443,-78.069404,-78.069397,-78.06937,-78.069296,-78.069127,-78.06889,-78.068615,-78.068488,-78.068378,-78.068246,-78.068079,-78.067947,-78.067758,-78.067627,-78.067453,-78.06737,-78.067281,-78.067179,-78.0671,-78.067012,-78.066913,-78.066882,-78.066837,-78.066776,-78.06665,-78.066549,-78.066464,-78.06631,-78.066204,-78.066077,-78.065992,-78.065903,-78.065791,-78.065676,-78.065546,-78.065417,-78.065318,-78.065196,-78.065082,-78.064944,-78.064842,-78.064765,-78.064682,-78.064593,-78.064555,-78.064533,-78.06452,-78.064519,-78.064477,-78.064451,-78.064468,-78.064489,-78.064518,-78.06451,-78.064473,-78.06437,-78.064258,-78.064155,-78.064078,-78.064025,-78.064003,-78.063969,-78.063895,-78.063774,-78.063682,-78.063582,-78.063489,-78.063399,-78.063307,-78.063256,-78.063216,-78.063202,-78.063073,-78.06302,-78.062961,-78.062826,-78.062705,-78.062635,-78.062597,-78.062537,-78.062461,-78.062351,-78.062334,-78.062267,-78.062136,-78.061985,-78.061843,-78.061704,-78.061586,-78.061468,-78.061275,-78.06115,-78.061015,-78.060952,-78.06085,-78.060732,-78.060604,-78.060445,-78.060314,-78.060216,-78.060158,-78.060093,-78.060055,-78.06002,-78.059986,-78.059927,-78.059842,-78.059726,-78.059621,-78.059543,-78.059465,-78.059337,-78.059258,-78.059229,-78.059127,-78.059001,-78.058878,-78.058787,-78.058647,-78.058569,-78.058525,-78.058475,-78.058383,-78.058232,-78.058155,-78.058098,-78.057995,-78.057868,-78.057686,-78.057479,-78.057382,-78.057268,-78.057183,-78.057116,-78.057098,-78.056979,-78.056934,-78.056904,-78.056897,-78.05686,-78.05679,-78.056706,-78.056628,-78.05661,-78.056611,-78.056637,-78.056598,-78.056492,-78.056421,-78.056353,-78.056208,-78.056114,-78.056012,-78.055921,-78.055821,-78.055721,-78.055666,-78.05563,-78.055562,-78.055513,-78.055497,-78.055428,-78.055384,-78.05534,-78.055269,-78.055215,-78.055141,-78.055077,-78.055036,-78.054971,-78.05485,-78.05465,-78.054431,-78.054353,-78.054164,-78.054115,-78.054021,-78.053929,-78.053848,-78.053788,-78.053572,-78.053525,-78.053393,-78.053211,-78.053108,-78.053022,-78.052906,-78.052839,-78.052727,-78.052617,-78.052535,-78.052459,-78.052401,-78.0523,-78.05222,-78.052145,-78.052064,-78.051961,-78.051889,-78.051813,-78.051604,-78.05133,-78.05114,-78.051005,-78.050826,-78.05068,-78.050521,-78.050349,-78.050238,-78.050175,-78.050142,-78.050063,-78.050016,-78.04995,-78.049834,-78.0497,-78.049595,-78.049511,-78.049423,-78.049304,-78.049201,-78.049052,-78.048932,-78.048867,-78.048797,-78.048749,-78.048679,-78.048586,-78.048481,-78.048372,-78.048284,-78.048204,-78.048131,-78.048106,-78.048112,-78.048134,-78.048163,-78.048174,-78.048171,-78.048136,-78.048123,-78.048045,-78.048021,-78.047876,-78.047659,-78.047473,-78.047281,-78.047138,-78.046999,-78.046854,-78.046732,-78.046551,-78.046303,-78.046058,-78.045923,-78.045747,-78.045611,-78.045458,-78.0453,-78.045086,-78.044873,-78.044728,-78.044583,-78.044446,-78.0444,-78.044308,-78.044194,-78.044084,-78.043952,-78.043773,-78.043601,-78.043445,-78.043282,-78.043048,-78.042809,-78.042738,-78.042587,-78.042492,-78.04249,-78.042489,-78.042482,-78.042444,-78.042396,-78.042354,-78.042317,-78.042253,-78.042202,-78.042127,-78.04202,-78.041913,-78.041796,-78.041681,-78.041551,-78.041417,-78.041267,-78.041142,-78.041021,-78.040881,-78.04073,-78.040607,-78.040459,-78.040326,-78.040166,-78.040045,-78.039913,-78.039724,-78.039597,-78.039526,-78.03947,-78.039448,-78.03941,-78.039334,-78.039257,-78.039217,-78.039178,-78.039186,-78.039233,-78.039272,-78.039296,-78.039306,-78.039299,-78.039296,-78.039295,-78.03933,-78.039404,-78.039454,-78.039499,-78.039538,-78.039578,-78.039627,-78.039675,-78.039691,-78.039631,-78.03955,-78.03946,-78.039443,-78.03937,-78.039267,-78.039137,-78.03891,-78.038756,-78.038596,-78.038411,-78.038241,-78.03809,-78.03796,-78.037838,-78.0377,-78.037559,-78.037381,-78.037136,-78.036941,-78.036903,-78.036758,-78.036662,-78.036576,-78.036395,-78.036214,-78.036091,-78.035996,-78.035908,-78.035847,-78.035758,-78.035643,-78.035569,-78.035552,-78.035488,-78.035427,-78.035227,-78.035062,-78.034941,-78.034798,-78.034631,-78.034483,-78.034363,-78.034215,-78.034052,-78.033999,-78.033957,-78.033902,-78.033741,-78.033615,-78.033475,-78.033377,-78.033336,-78.033303,-78.033238,-78.03313,-78.033009,-78.032892,-78.032767,-78.032707,-78.03263,-78.032569,-78.032539,-78.032519,-78.032468,-78.032409,-78.032329,-78.032228,-78.032135,-78.032091,-78.032004,-78.031914,-78.031865,-78.031805,-78.031719,-78.031687,-78.031581,-78.031554,-78.031519,-78.031488,-78.031466,-78.031438,-78.031371,-78.031352,-78.031341,-78.031289,-78.031192,-78.031119,-78.031022,-78.030972,-78.030884,-78.030764,-78.03068,-78.030654,-78.030627,-78.030505,-78.030467,-78.030441,-78.030414,-78.030375,-78.030335,-78.030328,-78.030312,-78.030264,-78.030164,-78.030031,-78.029908,-78.029786,-78.029681,-78.029603,-78.029557,-78.029556,-78.029578,-78.029566,-78.029553,-78.029477,-78.029329,-78.02921,-78.029179,-78.02909,-78.028984,-78.028861,-78.028742,-78.028614,-78.028485,-78.028305,-78.028097,-78.027831,-78.027707,-78.027588,-78.027421,-78.027259,-78.027069,-78.026852,-78.026671,-78.02646,-78.026301,-78.026149,-78.025978,-78.02585,-78.025751,-78.025704,-78.02564,-78.025616,-78.025587,-78.025591,-78.025578,-78.025545,-78.025525,-78.025512,-78.025408,-78.025324,-78.025211,-78.025061,-78.024943,-78.024849,-78.024735,-78.024668,-78.024595,-78.024501,-78.02449,-78.024463,-78.02446,-78.024455,-78.024453,-78.024444,-78.024402,-78.02435,-78.024326,-78.024252,-78.024183,-78.024123,-78.02409,-78.024075,-78.024068,-78.024049,-78.024018,-78.023947,-78.023878,-78.02383,-78.023766,-78.023683,-78.023627,-78.023581,-78.023593,-78.023589,-78.023564,-78.023516,-78.02344,-78.023363,-78.023269,-78.02317,-78.023087,-78.023033,-78.022979,-78.022986,-78.02301,-78.023041,-78.023037,-78.022991,-78.022895,-78.022842,-78.022803,-78.022781,-78.022778,-78.022778,-78.022779,-78.022788,-78.0228,-78.022827,-78.022855,-78.022892,-78.022899,-78.022891,-78.022856,-78.022828,-78.022771,-78.022739,-78.022717,-78.022676,-78.022614,-78.022525,-78.022385,-78.022278,-78.022138,-78.022092,-78.022032,-78.02199,-78.021929,-78.021872,-78.021783,-78.021701,-78.021602,-78.021518,-78.021398,-78.021335,-78.021268,-78.02121,-78.021159,-78.021081,-78.021075,-78.021007,-78.02093,-78.020897,-78.020869,-78.020824,-78.02074,-78.020656,-78.020531,-78.02042,-78.020323,-78.0202,-78.020108,-78.020027,-78.019982,-78.019967,-78.019958,-78.019922,-78.019899,-78.019862,-78.0198,-78.019712,-78.019621,-78.019519,-78.01941,-78.01929,-78.019177,-78.01906,-78.018906,-78.018796,-78.018649,-78.018539,-78.018416,-78.0183,-78.018168,-78.01802,-78.01789,-78.017745,-78.017644,-78.017577,-78.017494,-78.01742,-78.017354,-78.017326,-78.017326,-78.017336,-78.017354,-78.017365,-78.0174,-78.017451,-78.01748,-78.017456,-78.017432,-78.017417,-78.017392,-78.017358,-78.017216,-78.01712,-78.017009,-78.016925,-78.016802,-78.016695,-78.016575,-78.016468,-78.01637,-78.016295,-78.016206,-78.016127,-78.01607,-78.016003,-78.0159,-78.015746,-78.015646,-78.01549,-78.015347,-78.015212,-78.01506,-78.014922,-78.014746,-78.014625,-78.014483,-78.01432,-78.014152,-78.0141,-78.014049,-78.014005,-78.01395,-78.013869,-78.013692,-78.013555,-78.01342,-78.013251,-78.013146,-78.013068,-78.012889,-78.01273,-78.012527,-78.012403,-78.012355,-78.012255,-78.012175,-78.012138,-78.01216,-78.012228,-78.01225,-78.01223,-78.012193,-78.012146,-78.012048,-78.011962,-78.011869,-78.011842,-78.011721,-78.011615,-78.011506,-78.011402,-78.011323,-78.01119,-78.011101,-78.010978,-78.010857,-78.010736,-78.010715,-78.010685,-78.010598,-78.010554,-78.010519,-78.010407,-78.01026,-78.010167,-78.010075,-78.009994,-78.009869,-78.009748,-78.009701,-78.009611,-78.009474,-78.009334,-78.009182,-78.009058,-78.008979,-78.00884,-78.008804,-78.008788,-78.008749,-78.008668,-78.008564,-78.008479,-78.008407,-78.008326,-78.008159,-78.008033,-78.007985,-78.007977,-78.007912,-78.00778,-78.007646,-78.007628,-78.007478,-78.007335,-78.007207,-78.007097,-78.006983,-78.006858,-78.006713,-78.006665,-78.006548,-78.00642,-78.006296,-78.006178,-78.006103,-78.006068,-78.006009,-78.005922,-78.005847,-78.005744,-78.005631,-78.005548,-78.005447,-78.005395,-78.005264,-78.005183,-78.005163,-78.005034,-78.004899,-78.004767,-78.00471,-78.004667,-78.00463,-78.004577,-78.004529,-78.004479,-78.004465,-78.004405,-78.004315,-78.004225,-78.004112,-78.00395,-78.003777,-78.003709,-78.0036,-78.003476,-78.003332,-78.003177,-78.003015,-78.002845,-78.002706,-78.002626,-78.00259,-78.002546,-78.002477,-78.002371,-78.002331,-78.002297,-78.00216,-78.001987,-78.001985,-78.001898,-78.001902,-78.00195,-78.002032,-78.002074,-78.002119,-78.002071,-78.00202,-78.001947,-78.001873,-78.001794,-78.001668,-78.001568,-78.001478,-78.001395,-78.001221,-78.001086,-78.000994,-78.000857,-78.000745,-78.00064,-78.000591,-78.000436,-78.00027,-78.000228,-78.000134,-77.999982,-77.99983,-77.999783,-77.999638,-77.999442,-77.999266,-77.999128,-77.998972,-77.998829,-77.998401,-77.998303,-77.998099,-77.997734,-77.997299,-77.997168,-77.996959,-77.996805,-77.996638,-77.996316,-77.996207,-77.996026,-77.995757,-77.995564,-77.995258,-77.995134,-77.995011,-77.994936,-77.994878,-77.99476,-77.994703,-77.994609,-77.994495,-77.994468,-77.994386,-77.994353,-77.994178,-77.994055,-77.993825,-77.993597,-77.993481,-77.993354,-77.993232,-77.993192,-77.993129,-77.993002,-77.992881,-77.992754,-77.992631,-77.992547,-77.99252,-77.992554,-77.992588,-77.992664,-77.992716,-77.992644,-77.992413,-77.992247,-77.992137,-77.992098,-77.992058,-77.991951,-77.991851,-77.991755,-77.991618,-77.991485,-77.991362,-77.991262,-77.991216,-77.991189,-77.991118,-77.991047,-77.99102,-77.990951,-77.990897,-77.990828,-77.99078,-77.990711,-77.990623,-77.990544,-77.990402,-77.990271,-77.990138,-77.990082,-77.98998,-77.989947,-77.989908,-77.9899,-77.989898,-77.989896,-77.9899,-77.98989,-77.989885,-77.989902,-77.989906,-77.989945,-77.989996,-77.990091,-77.990125,-77.990234,-77.990319,-77.990459,-77.990546,-77.990644,-77.990705,-77.990706,-77.990716,-77.990682,-77.990557,-77.990423,-77.990259,-77.990086,-77.989953,-77.989831,-77.98971,-77.989662,-77.989641,-77.989614,-77.989558,-77.989491,-77.989451,-77.989398,-77.989341,-77.989268,-77.98922,-77.989156,-77.989141,-77.989111,-77.989089,-77.989056,-77.98902,-77.988972,-77.988881,-77.98879,-77.988658,-77.988531,-77.988388,-77.988349,-77.988266,-77.988156,-77.988058,-77.987947,-77.987846,-77.987773,-77.987759,-77.987692,-77.987628,-77.987545,-77.987492,-77.987425,-77.987346,-77.987309,-77.987259,-77.987191,-77.987117,-77.987078,-77.987022,-77.986974,-77.986964,-77.986995,-77.986942,-77.986823,-77.986736,-77.986676,-77.986601,-77.986556,-77.986514,-77.986505,-77.986486,-77.986434,-77.986339,-77.986222,-77.986106,-77.985986,-77.985861,-77.985712,-77.985582,-77.985416,-77.985313,-77.985207,-77.985136,-77.985114,-77.985072,-77.985024,-77.984968,-77.984915,-77.98485,-77.984775,-77.9847,-77.984673,-77.984623,-77.984567,-77.984555,-77.984599,-77.984689,-77.984756,-77.984832,-77.984848,-77.984831,-77.984775,-77.984686,-77.984551,-77.984442,-77.984194,-77.984012,-77.983825,-77.983696,-77.983524,-77.983334,-77.983155,-77.982979,-77.982817,-77.982559,-77.982409,-77.982269,-77.982062,-77.981845,-77.981622,-77.981454,-77.981355,-77.98124,-77.981069,-77.980915,-77.980686,-77.980517,-77.980315,-77.980112,-77.979936,-77.979857,-77.979778,-77.979712,-77.979667,-77.979569,-77.979573,-77.97956,-77.979531,-77.9796,-77.979589,-77.979521,-77.979454,-77.979333,-77.979227,-77.979098,-77.978975,-77.978849,-77.978733,-77.97861,-77.978482,-77.978354,-77.978212,-77.978092,-77.97787,-77.977728,-77.977591,-77.977391,-77.977254,-77.977205,-77.977075,-77.977031,-77.977035,-77.976976,-77.977004,-77.977023,-77.976962,-77.976864,-77.976782,-77.976706,-77.976598,-77.976426,-77.976253,-77.97621,-77.976166,-77.976094,-77.976026,-77.975953,-77.975887,-77.975818,-77.975748,-77.97565,-77.975545,-77.975422,-77.975223,-77.97503,-77.974777,-77.974534,-77.974202,-77.973961,-77.973725,-77.973559,-77.973466,-77.973401,-77.973366,-77.973285,-77.973149,-77.972998,-77.972854,-77.972817,-77.972755,-77.972596,-77.972403,-77.972191,-77.971998,-77.971786,-77.971616,-77.971438,-77.971248,-77.971036,-77.970881,-77.970706,-77.970502,-77.97032,-77.970113,-77.969901,-77.969712,-77.969519,-77.969409,-77.969273,-77.969088,-77.968941,-77.968827,-77.968578,-77.968512,-77.968322,-77.967976,-77.967612,-77.967432,-77.967358,-77.967272,-77.966823,-77.966453,-77.965433,-77.965239,-77.965046,-77.964854,-77.964663,-77.964473,-77.964283,-77.964095,-77.963907,-77.963707,-77.963643,-77.963515,-77.963419,-77.96322,-77.963039,-77.96286,-77.962681,-77.962504,-77.96233,-77.962158,-77.961931,-77.961501,-77.961156,-77.960166,-77.959042,-77.958729,-77.958508,-77.958063,-77.957081,-77.955858,-77.954877,-77.953639,-77.95336,-77.953325,-77.953026,-77.952728,-77.952628,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.95223,-77.951897,-77.951832,-77.951733,-77.951434,-77.951335,-77.951136,-77.951036,-77.950738,-77.950638,-77.95034,-77.950141,-77.949677,-77.949544,-77.949146,-77.948748,-77.948449,-77.94825,-77.94815,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948249,-77.948091,-77.94795,-77.947552,-77.947148,-77.947054,-77.946755,-77.946655,-77.946456,-77.94626,-77.946243,-77.946058,-77.945859,-77.945461,-77.945163,-77.944864,-77.944765,-77.944565,-77.944366,-77.944167,-77.943769,-77.94367,-77.943471,-77.943451,-77.943173,-77.943073,-77.942775,-77.942576,-77.942277,-77.942178,-77.941979,-77.94168,-77.941399,-77.941381,-77.941363,-77.940983,-77.940884,-77.940585,-77.940486,-77.940187,-77.939988,-77.939889,-77.939889,-77.93979,-77.939591,-77.939492,-77.939118,-77.939053,-77.938994,-77.938895,-77.938497,-77.937999,-77.9379,-77.937601,-77.937303,-77.937204,-77.936937,-77.936905,-77.936706,-77.936654,-77.936507,-77.936507,-77.936308,-77.936109,-77.93601,-77.93601,-77.935911,-77.935612,-77.935214,-77.934866,-77.934717,-77.934518,-77.934318,-77.934219,-77.93402,-77.933522,-77.933124,-77.932726,-77.932428,-77.932129,-77.93193,-77.931731,-77.931632,-77.930935,-77.930437,-77.930139,-77.929741,-77.929343,-77.929144,-77.928945,-77.928845,-77.928746,-77.928646,-77.928447,-77.928049,-77.927552,-77.927353,-77.927077,-77.926961,-77.92694,-77.926457,-77.926439,-77.926393,-77.926059,-77.925362,-77.925163,-77.924864,-77.924666,-77.924666,-77.924566,-77.924467,-77.924268,-77.923969,-77.923901,-77.92381,-77.923718,-77.923418,-77.923318,-77.923118,-77.922718,-77.922718,-77.922618,-77.922418,-77.922318,-77.922018,-77.921918,-77.921818,-77.921718,-77.921518,-77.921218,-77.920918,-77.920418,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920318,-77.920218,-77.920144,-77.919918,-77.919618,-77.919418,-77.919218,-77.919018,-77.918618,-77.918218,-77.918018,-77.917918,-77.917618,-77.917418,-77.917118,-77.916918,-77.916718,-77.915918,-77.915618,-77.915318,-77.915018,-77.914918,-77.914866,-77.914518,-77.914331,-77.914118,-77.914018,-77.914018,-77.913918,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913618,-77.9137,-77.913718,-77.913718,-77.913773,-77.914244,-77.914823,-77.91509,-77.915294,-77.91552,-77.915722,-77.915853,-77.916095,-77.916201,-77.916267,-77.916384,-77.916414,-77.916461,-77.9165,-77.916717,-77.916796,-77.916973,-77.917052,-77.917078,-77.91709,-77.917086,-77.91706,-77.916974,-77.916935,-77.916873,-77.916826,-77.91676,-77.916712,-77.916663,-77.916554,-77.916474,-77.916641,-77.917194,-77.917777,-77.918083,-77.918478,-77.918673,-77.919185,-77.919399,-77.919432,-77.919446,-77.919442,-77.919426,-77.919377,-77.919226,-77.919173,-77.919138,-77.919126,-77.919127,-77.919132,-77.919142,-77.91918,-77.919197,-77.919415,-77.919508,-77.919574,-77.919655,-77.919724,-77.920161,-77.920394,-77.920632,-77.920749,-77.920899,-77.921084,-77.921425,-77.921674,-77.921842,-77.921936,-77.922041,-77.922156,-77.922512,-77.922732,-77.922823,-77.922883,-77.922921,-77.922972,-77.922993,-77.923007,-77.923,-77.922886,-77.922745,-77.922599,-77.922424,-77.922258,-77.92209,-77.922069,-77.921973,-77.921887,-77.921757,-77.921615,-77.921422,-77.92141,-77.921263,-77.921117,-77.92104,-77.920919,-77.920847,-77.920777,-77.920678,-77.921113,-77.921522,-77.921894,-77.92234,-77.92275,-77.923139,-77.923451,-77.923473,-77.923551,-77.923622,-77.923711,-77.923992,-77.924244,-77.924749,-77.925609,-77.926092,-77.9266,-77.92686,-77.927113,-77.927478,-77.927588,-77.92776,-77.928035,-77.928242,-77.92832,-77.928522,-77.928914,-77.929445,-77.929599,-77.929878,-77.930814,-77.931608,-77.932031,-77.932262,-77.93249,-77.932723,-77.932975,-77.933293,-77.93366,-77.933761,-77.934027,-77.934355,-77.934867,-77.935127,-77.935388,-77.935523,-77.935584,-77.936134,-77.936818,-77.937398,-77.937725,-77.938219,-77.93855,-77.938801,-77.939171,-77.93956,-77.939589,-77.939725,-77.939907,-77.940244,-77.940653,-77.940968,-77.941363,-77.941666,-77.941971,-77.942237,-77.942443,-77.9426,-77.942739,-77.942908,-77.943038,-77.943264,-77.943841,-77.944061,-77.944611,-77.944779,-77.94497,-77.94518,-77.945672,-77.946182,-77.94638,-77.946743,-77.947489,-77.947744,-77.948222,-77.948547,-77.948777,-77.949085,-77.949599,-77.94999,-77.950116,-77.95105,-77.951167,-77.951401,-77.95161,-77.95229,-77.952577,-77.952785,-77.953211,-77.953655,-77.953832,-77.954072,-77.954371,-77.954777,-77.954831,-77.955195,-77.95566,-77.956086,-77.956996,-77.957402,-77.958064,-77.958546,-77.958696,-77.958947,-77.959242,-77.959758,-77.959959,-77.960083,-77.960202,-77.96033,-77.960535,-77.960679,-77.960747,-77.960966,-77.961054,-77.961115,-77.961322,-77.961679,-77.961735,-77.962077,-77.962212,-77.962389,-77.962497,-77.962724,-77.962989,-77.96319,-77.963491,-77.963634,-77.963953,-77.964253,-77.964412,-77.964645,-77.964767,-77.964934,-77.965256,-77.965473,-77.96832,-77.968906,-77.969251,-77.969838,-77.970216,-77.97048,-77.970728,-77.970921,-77.971226,-77.971434,-77.971639,-77.972146,-77.972728,-77.972899,-77.973057,-77.973256,-77.974923,-77.975311,-77.975886,-77.976248,-77.976721,-77.977,-77.977351,-77.977798,-77.978086,-77.978149,-77.978301,-77.97856,-77.978803,-77.978991,-77.979346,-77.979985,-77.980372,-77.981152,-77.981669,-77.981796,-77.982198,-77.982382,-77.982742,-77.982912,-77.983091,-77.983295,-77.983503,-77.983977,-77.984179,-77.984747,-77.984988,-77.985288,-77.985567,-77.985864,-77.987319,-77.987797,-77.987994,-77.988695,-77.988942,-77.989309,-77.989669,-77.99019,-77.990956,-77.991305,-77.991651,-77.992052,-77.992294,-77.992429,-77.992675,-77.992777,-77.993073,-77.993362,-77.993726,-77.994517,-77.994634,-77.994733,-77.995008,-77.995342,-77.995462,-77.995569,-77.995714,-77.995924,-77.996074,-77.996493,-77.99845,-77.998545,-77.99869,-77.998776,-77.998854,-77.998905,-77.998999,-77.999097,-77.999429,-77.99977,-78.000121,-78.000986,-78.001665,-78.002564,-78.003609,-78.004231,-78.004401,-78.004831,-78.005486,-78.005959,-78.006406,-78.006688,-78.006876,-78.007327,-78.007815,-78.008111,-78.008656,-78.008799,-78.008984,-78.009222,-78.009609,-78.009714,-78.009889,-78.010013,-78.010132,-78.010302,-78.010935,-78.011855,-78.012014,-78.012205,-78.012386,-78.012682,-78.013036,-78.013239,-78.013411,-78.013594,-78.013839,-78.014226,-78.015151,-78.015337,-78.015599,-78.015925,-78.016022,-78.016271,-78.016426,-78.016629,-78.0169,-78.017139,-78.017516,-78.018271,-78.01938,-78.02067,-78.020882,-78.021164,-78.021435,-78.02184,-78.022348,-78.023132,-78.023912,-78.024301,-78.0247,-78.025277,-78.025508,-78.025808,-78.026033,-78.026895,-78.027199,-78.027613,-78.028535,-78.028875,-78.029058,-78.029297,-78.029971,-78.030768,-78.031106,-78.031199,-78.03155,-78.032705,-78.033284,-78.033544,-78.033759,-78.033868,-78.034446,-78.034739,-78.034903,-78.035083,-78.035308,-78.03553,-78.036417,-78.036771,-78.037044,-78.037422,-78.037788,-78.037909,-78.038115,-78.038457,-78.038593,-78.038668,-78.038975,-78.039413,-78.039656,-78.040242,-78.041038,-78.041371,-78.041798,-78.042184,-78.042422,-78.042657,-78.042962,-78.043326,-78.043827,-78.043881,-78.043979,-78.044099,-78.044189,-78.04449,-78.044834,-78.045115,-78.045541,-78.045718,-78.045836,-78.045943,-78.046194,-78.046396,-78.046807,-78.047271,-78.047354,-78.047397,-78.047597,-78.047993,-78.048377,-78.048876,-78.049069,-78.049136,-78.049305,-78.049457,-78.049518,-78.04997,-78.050344,-78.050563,-78.050621,-78.050644,-78.05074,-78.050814,-78.050931,-78.051056,-78.0512,-78.051432,-78.051595,-78.051969,-78.052083,-78.052171,-78.052364,-78.052551,-78.05263,-78.052714,-78.052794,-78.052908,-78.052962,-78.053123,-78.053299,-78.053491,-78.053539,-78.053769,-78.054148,-78.054511,-78.054631,-78.054793,-78.05489,-78.054997,-78.055064,-78.055105,-78.055149,-78.055244,-78.055341,-78.055517,-78.055596,-78.055656,-78.05566,-78.055651,-78.055625,-78.055581,-78.055426,-78.055347,-78.055321,-78.055266,-78.055245,-78.055254,-78.055282,-78.055329,-78.055393,-78.055752,-78.055829,-78.055889,-78.055934,-78.055949,-78.055965,-78.05596,-78.055938,-78.055901,-78.05584,-78.055677,-78.055645,-78.055573,-78.055501,-78.055485,-78.055473,-78.055473,-78.055489,-78.055522,-78.055572,-78.055679,-78.056155,-78.056294,-78.056451,-78.056627,-78.057015,-78.057245,-78.057374,-78.057437,-78.057549,-78.057697,-78.057787,-78.057883,-78.057945,-78.058024,-78.05825,-78.058937,-78.059366,-78.059666,-78.059743,-78.059792,-78.059837,-78.059861,-78.05987,-78.059856,-78.059854,-78.05984,-78.059809,-78.059766,-78.059706,-78.059611,-78.059225,-78.059123,-78.058998,-78.058929,-78.058859,-78.058808,-78.058736,-78.05861,-78.058614,-78.05863,-78.058657,-78.058715,-78.05877,-78.059256,-78.059392,-78.059726,-78.059819,-78.059948,-78.060096,-78.060253,-78.060407,-78.060484,-78.061586,-78.062215,-78.062647,-78.06295,-78.06328,-78.063451,-78.063522,-78.063624,-78.063761,-78.063872,-78.064017,-78.064849,-78.06531,-78.065564,-78.065832,-78.066164,-78.06671,-78.068181,-78.069014,-78.070146,-78.070397,-78.070645,-78.070944,-78.071212,-78.072703,-78.073043,-78.073661,-78.075364,-78.07571,-78.076271,-78.077308,-78.078178,-78.078201,-78.078221,-78.078691,-78.078795,-78.078828,-78.079425,-78.079851,-78.08028,-78.081142,-78.081393,-78.081767,-78.082143,-78.082743,-78.08297,-78.083061,-78.084374,-78.08456,-78.084804,-78.085178,-78.085278,-78.085791,-78.0861,-78.08637,-78.08647,-78.087119,-78.08744,-78.088453,-78.08876,-78.089437,-78.089925,-78.09016,-78.090386,-78.09065,-78.090848,-78.090885,-78.091123,-78.091255,-78.093101,-78.093155,-78.093201,-78.093596,-78.095119,-78.09562,-78.096074,-78.096639,-78.096817,-78.097329,-78.098654,-78.099066,-78.099522,-78.100248,-78.100539,-78.101062,-78.101213,-78.101329,-78.101667,-78.101845,-78.102079,-78.102394,-78.102685,-78.102989,-78.103417,-78.104041,-78.104728,-78.104985,-78.106941,-78.108995,-78.109428,-78.109682,-78.109877,-78.110169,-78.110412,-78.110676,-78.110874,-78.111056,-78.111223,-78.111436,-78.111575,-78.111698,-78.111792,-78.1119,-78.111991,-78.112027,-78.112073,-78.112101,-78.112111,-78.1121,-78.112061,-78.111994,-78.111858,-78.111564,-78.111471,-78.111298,-78.111098,-78.11105,-78.111007,-78.110983,-78.110976,-78.110985,-78.111012,-78.111057,-78.11115,-78.111237,-78.111319,-78.11143,-78.111544,-78.111642,-78.111895,-78.112139,-78.112781,-78.113359,-78.11357,-78.113824,-78.113925,-78.114035,-78.114154,-78.114283,-78.114351,-78.114527,-78.114637,-78.114854,-78.115156,-78.115458,-78.116174,-78.11705,-78.11769,-78.119316,-78.119424,-78.119935,-78.120133,-78.12071,-78.121344,-78.121924,-78.122048,-78.122266,-78.122496,-78.123789,-78.12417,-78.124492,-78.124957,-78.125328,-78.125565,-78.126145,-78.126416,-78.126702,-78.127001,-78.127314,-78.127574,-78.127898,-78.127966,-78.128285,-78.128606,-78.128713,-78.128893,-78.129675,-78.13038,-78.131033,-78.132114,-78.133141,-78.133293,-78.133679,-78.134073,-78.134477,-78.134847,-78.135146,-78.135607,-78.136001,-78.136166,-78.136652,-78.136918,-78.137139,-78.137549,-78.137908,-78.138267,-78.138455,-78.138651,-78.13919,-78.140432,-78.143007,-78.143586,-78.143875,-78.144553,-78.145702,-78.145916,-78.146201,-78.146557,-78.146791,-78.147248,-78.147749,-78.148307,-78.14916,-78.15089,-78.151236,-78.151911,-78.152368,-78.15267,-78.152903,-78.153191,-78.153673,-78.1543,-78.155755,-78.156379,-78.156552,-78.156929,-78.157251,-78.157631,-78.157932,-78.158237,-78.158585,-78.15923,-78.160036,-78.160595,-78.161063,-78.161216,-78.16153,-78.162071,-78.163172,-78.164332,-78.164657,-78.165486,-78.165974,-78.166608,-78.167162,-78.167457,-78.167807,-78.168105,-78.168399,-78.168688,-78.169026,-78.169298,-78.169563,-78.169948,-78.170333,-78.170809,-78.171403,-78.172024,-78.173122,-78.173124,-78.173143,-78.17318,-78.173298,-78.173491,-78.173657,-78.173935,-78.174087,-78.174393,-78.17447,-78.174581,-78.174636,-78.174758,-78.174915,-78.17511,-78.175152,-78.175175,-78.175176,-78.175178,-78.175185,-78.175212,-78.175242,-78.175353,-78.175467,-78.175658,-78.176015,-78.176297,-78.177149,-78.177344,-78.177821,-78.177948,-78.178079,-78.178562,-78.179261,-78.180053,-78.181055,-78.182347,-78.182691,-78.183138,-78.18343,-78.183521,-78.183605,-78.183649,-78.183768],"lat":[38.128858,38.129244,38.129894,38.129955,38.130102,38.130104,38.130104,38.130102,38.130104,38.130104,38.130107,38.130111,38.130113,38.130119,38.130128,38.130135,38.130154,38.130168,38.130174,38.130174,38.130172,38.130167,38.130157,38.130152,38.130145,38.130135,38.130134,38.130134,38.13013,38.130126,38.130121,38.130113,38.130101,38.130084,38.130077,38.130073,38.130068,38.130061,38.130034,38.130005,38.129985,38.129976,38.129976,38.129978,38.129985,38.129987,38.129987,38.129996,38.130002,38.130009,38.130015,38.130027,38.130033,38.13004,38.13004,38.130042,38.13004,38.130035,38.130027,38.13002,38.130009,38.129994,38.129983,38.129978,38.129974,38.129974,38.129976,38.129983,38.129991,38.129995,38.130004,38.130006,38.130006,38.130002,38.129995,38.129987,38.129969,38.129956,38.129938,38.129922,38.12991,38.129896,38.129888,38.129888,38.129885,38.129885,38.129892,38.129892,38.129896,38.129903,38.129914,38.129923,38.129923,38.129922,38.129922,38.129925,38.129933,38.129938,38.129936,38.129936,38.129941,38.129948,38.129952,38.129956,38.12996,38.129962,38.129962,38.129973,38.129977,38.129985,38.12999,38.129996,38.130003,38.130003,38.130005,38.130005,38.130007,38.130007,38.13001,38.13001,38.130012,38.130014,38.130018,38.130021,38.130027,38.130029,38.130033,38.130033,38.13004,38.130047,38.130055,38.130058,38.130066,38.130069,38.130076,38.130094,38.130113,38.13013,38.130158,38.130169,38.130185,38.130189,38.130195,38.130195,38.130191,38.130191,38.130191,38.130189,38.130189,38.130188,38.130191,38.1302,38.13021,38.130219,38.13023,38.130246,38.130261,38.130276,38.130305,38.130364,38.130385,38.130421,38.13043,38.130419,38.130411,38.130405,38.130401,38.130392,38.130375,38.130364,38.130353,38.130342,38.130335,38.130328,38.130306,38.130298,38.130293,38.130289,38.130287,38.130287,38.130295,38.130298,38.130317,38.130324,38.130324,38.130317,38.130302,38.130287,38.13028,38.13028,38.130284,38.130284,38.130286,38.130291,38.130295,38.130298,38.130298,38.1303,38.130297,38.130287,38.130276,38.130254,38.130219,38.130187,38.130158,38.13013,38.130104,38.130089,38.130082,38.13008,38.13008,38.130078,38.130082,38.130085,38.130093,38.130104,38.130122,38.130141,38.13017,38.130185,38.130207,38.130224,38.13024,38.130255,38.130277,38.130295,38.130313,38.130343,38.130358,38.130369,38.130369,38.130361,38.130347,38.130328,38.13031,38.130295,38.130269,38.130257,38.130245,38.130231,38.130223,38.130218,38.130207,38.130194,38.130182,38.130154,38.130122,38.130082,38.130049,38.130042,38.130042,38.13004,38.130043,38.130049,38.130049,38.130045,38.130038,38.130027,38.130016,38.130005,38.130001,38.129994,38.129974,38.129961,38.129924,38.129906,38.129902,38.129904,38.129913,38.129935,38.129939,38.129935,38.129917,38.129898,38.129886,38.129865,38.129856,38.129851,38.129845,38.129843,38.12984,38.12984,38.129838,38.12983,38.129821,38.129818,38.12981,38.129803,38.129798,38.129781,38.129777,38.129765,38.129763,38.129748,38.129744,38.129728,38.129704,38.129689,38.129684,38.129678,38.129675,38.129674,38.129688,38.129721,38.129757,38.129785,38.129823,38.129865,38.129881,38.129895,38.129912,38.129927,38.129949,38.129967,38.129984,38.130006,38.130013,38.130022,38.130031,38.130039,38.130044,38.130052,38.130061,38.130077,38.130094,38.130112,38.130138,38.130149,38.130162,38.130182,38.13023,38.130248,38.130265,38.130282,38.130291,38.130304,38.130315,38.130329,38.130385,38.130392,38.130396,38.130405,38.130409,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.13041,38.130412,38.130412,38.130416,38.130422,38.130427,38.130451,38.130479,38.130488,38.130499,38.130532,38.130543,38.130558,38.130569,38.130578,38.130624,38.130639,38.13065,38.130661,38.130676,38.13069,38.130716,38.130756,38.130771,38.130793,38.130819,38.130863,38.13088,38.130908,38.13094,38.130979,38.130996,38.131008,38.131023,38.131036,38.131076,38.131091,38.13111,38.131124,38.131141,38.131157,38.13119,38.13123,38.131271,38.131312,38.131354,38.131396,38.131413,38.131426,38.131463,38.131492,38.131505,38.131555,38.131577,38.13159,38.131613,38.131628,38.131639,38.131659,38.131676,38.131771,38.131786,38.131806,38.131823,38.131865,38.131948,38.131973,38.132001,38.132045,38.132069,38.132109,38.132124,38.132146,38.132165,38.132176,38.132217,38.132257,38.132298,38.13234,38.132392,38.132407,38.132458,38.132495,38.13251,38.132525,38.132545,38.132563,38.132627,38.132642,38.132655,38.132716,38.132741,38.13276,38.132775,38.132789,38.132816,38.132839,38.132863,38.132931,38.132944,38.132958,38.13298,38.132999,38.133013,38.133028,38.133043,38.133061,38.133076,38.133089,38.133133,38.133175,38.133215,38.133237,38.133255,38.13327,38.1333,38.133315,38.133331,38.133362,38.133388,38.133406,38.133458,38.133482,38.133507,38.133533,38.133555,38.133574,38.133594,38.133631,38.133645,38.133662,38.133675,38.133689,38.133704,38.133726,38.133741,38.133763,38.133785,38.133817,38.133833,38.133877,38.133891,38.133906,38.133932,38.133947,38.133963,38.133981,38.134015,38.134049,38.134085,38.134119,38.13414,38.13416,38.134195,38.134206,38.134215,38.134224,38.134233,38.134237,38.134248,38.134268,38.134288,38.134303,38.134314,38.134331,38.134338,38.13434,38.134347,38.134351,38.134369,38.134388,38.13441,38.134432,38.134441,38.13445,38.134461,38.13447,38.134474,38.13448,38.134483,38.134491,38.134494,38.134502,38.134513,38.134524,38.134539,38.134546,38.134568,38.134595,38.134621,38.134651,38.134664,38.134675,38.134689,38.134702,38.134719,38.134733,38.134748,38.134759,38.134796,38.134811,38.134838,38.134856,38.134869,38.134891,38.134967,38.134983,38.134994,38.135011,38.135024,38.13504,38.135049,38.135071,38.135086,38.135112,38.135125,38.135141,38.13516,38.135167,38.135178,38.135189,38.135204,38.135215,38.13523,38.135244,38.135259,38.135272,38.135306,38.13534,38.135378,38.135417,38.135446,38.135461,38.135478,38.135527,38.135582,38.135597,38.135637,38.135652,38.135711,38.135726,38.13574,38.135757,38.135796,38.135807,38.135819,38.135838,38.135851,38.135865,38.135873,38.13588,38.135891,38.135898,38.135913,38.135932,38.13595,38.135965,38.135979,38.135989,38.135994,38.136,38.13601,38.136026,38.136051,38.136076,38.136097,38.136104,38.136112,38.136119,38.136134,38.136141,38.136152,38.136161,38.136171,38.136178,38.136185,38.136193,38.1362,38.1362,38.136215,38.136228,38.136244,38.13627,38.136288,38.136299,38.13631,38.136325,38.136334,38.136347,38.136354,38.136362,38.136369,38.13638,38.136391,38.136417,38.136441,38.136456,38.136467,38.136481,38.136491,38.1365,38.136505,38.136522,38.136542,38.136566,38.136592,38.136601,38.13661,38.136628,38.136656,38.13666,38.13666,38.136656,38.136652,38.136643,38.136628,38.136608,38.136594,38.136564,38.136542,38.136524,38.136511,38.136504,38.136502,38.136502,38.136506,38.136517,38.136528,38.136553,38.136564,38.136575,38.136597,38.136605,38.13662,38.136627,38.136642,38.136649,38.136674,38.136697,38.136709,38.136733,38.136757,38.13678,38.13679,38.136788,38.136762,38.13675,38.136749,38.136772,38.136782,38.136789,38.1368,38.136825,38.13684,38.136857,38.136888,38.136921,38.136939,38.136954,38.136972,38.136998,38.137016,38.137046,38.137064,38.137077,38.137086,38.137094,38.137099,38.137105,38.137112,38.137116,38.137116,38.137119,38.137134,38.137142,38.137149,38.137158,38.1372,38.137211,38.13723,38.137251,38.137281,38.137312,38.137339,38.13736,38.137364,38.137362,38.137366,38.137379,38.137395,38.137406,38.137417,38.137447,38.137476,38.137513,38.137531,38.137551,38.137568,38.137586,38.137599,38.137612,38.137623,38.137645,38.137651,38.137654,38.13766,38.137662,38.137662,38.13766,38.137649,38.137642,38.137627,38.13761,38.137592,38.13757,38.137555,38.137524,38.13748,38.137471,38.137433,38.137407,38.137389,38.137405,38.137428,38.137457,38.137476,38.137489,38.137486,38.137475,38.137458,38.137425,38.1374,38.137368,38.137346,38.137326,38.137311,38.13728,38.137271,38.137259,38.137245,38.137229,38.137208,38.137194,38.137194,38.137197,38.137207,38.137234,38.137245,38.137252,38.13726,38.137277,38.137283,38.137281,38.137257,38.137238,38.137233,38.137243,38.137266,38.137276,38.13729,38.137298,38.13725,38.137251,38.137271,38.137299,38.137303,38.137345,38.137356,38.137354,38.137352,38.137345,38.137339,38.137339,38.13733,38.137315,38.1373,38.137297,38.137307,38.137307,38.137305,38.137298,38.13729,38.137278,38.137268,38.137268,38.137267,38.137267,38.137252,38.137226,38.137196,38.137177,38.137166,38.13715,38.137135,38.137123,38.137105,38.13709,38.137081,38.13708,38.137104,38.137128,38.137134,38.137157,38.13718,38.137183,38.137157,38.137135,38.137102,38.137082,38.137064,38.137053,38.137055,38.137085,38.137087,38.137084,38.137081,38.137082,38.137098,38.137113,38.137128,38.137132,38.137129,38.137125,38.137121,38.137112,38.137111,38.137123,38.137142,38.137188,38.137196,38.137197,38.137197,38.137195,38.137178,38.13716,38.13715,38.137138,38.137122,38.137103,38.137082,38.137063,38.137041,38.137025,38.137021,38.13702,38.137032,38.137061,38.13709,38.137099,38.137095,38.137077,38.137055,38.137041,38.137024,38.137,38.136984,38.136972,38.136972,38.136979,38.136983,38.136986,38.136989,38.136987,38.136982,38.136982,38.136977,38.136968,38.136964,38.136963,38.136961,38.13696,38.136964,38.136967,38.13698,38.137008,38.137014,38.137019,38.137022,38.137016,38.136995,38.136967,38.136951,38.136931,38.136914,38.136906,38.136901,38.136899,38.136898,38.136896,38.136895,38.13689,38.136875,38.136853,38.136824,38.136799,38.136776,38.136774,38.136796,38.136813,38.136831,38.136857,38.136877,38.136878,38.136871,38.136846,38.136836,38.136866,38.136913,38.136956,38.136976,38.136987,38.136979,38.136972,38.136975,38.136977,38.136998,38.137037,38.13708,38.137089,38.137098,38.137106,38.137117,38.137129,38.137149,38.137161,38.137172,38.137185,38.137193,38.1372,38.137208,38.137211,38.13723,38.137233,38.137237,38.137236,38.137232,38.137229,38.137221,38.137215,38.137199,38.137198,38.137202,38.137209,38.137221,38.137236,38.137255,38.13727,38.137291,38.137317,38.137332,38.137347,38.137363,38.137382,38.137404,38.137427,38.137461,38.137484,38.137493,38.137469,38.137447,38.137432,38.137357,38.137343,38.137331,38.137325,38.137323,38.137297,38.137297,38.137294,38.137283,38.137271,38.137261,38.137266,38.137286,38.137318,38.137366,38.137401,38.137426,38.137457,38.137489,38.137513,38.13753,38.137546,38.137555,38.13759,38.13763,38.137664,38.137689,38.137694,38.137699,38.137706,38.137715,38.137728,38.137745,38.137767,38.137806,38.13783,38.137843,38.137854,38.137879,38.137884,38.137864,38.137844,38.137839,38.137837,38.137841,38.137848,38.137852,38.137857,38.137874,38.137891,38.137898,38.137899,38.137894,38.137877,38.137866,38.137868,38.137872,38.137858,38.137824,38.137819,38.13784,38.137856,38.137898,38.137949,38.137966,38.137991,38.138018,38.138057,38.138069,38.13808,38.138087,38.138137,38.138132,38.138118,38.138099,38.138082,38.138088,38.138093,38.138112,38.138146,38.138162,38.138179,38.138216,38.138237,38.138274,38.138317,38.13836,38.138403,38.138445,38.138465,38.138484,38.138503,38.138513,38.138508,38.138494,38.138501,38.138512,38.138508,38.138501,38.138485,38.138466,38.138445,38.138419,38.138406,38.13838,38.138369,38.138356,38.138352,38.138339,38.138346,38.138362,38.138385,38.138412,38.138443,38.138462,38.138483,38.138502,38.138516,38.138538,38.138547,38.138554,38.138561,38.138568,38.138581,38.138611,38.138631,38.138653,38.138696,38.13874,38.138784,38.138806,38.138836,38.138878,38.138889,38.138841,38.138763,38.138725,38.138709,38.13868,38.138646,38.138599,38.138587,38.138528,38.138516,38.138504,38.138493,38.138483,38.138474,38.138478,38.138492,38.138506,38.138524,38.138539,38.138568,38.138608,38.138638,38.138654,38.138668,38.13868,38.138684,38.138684,38.138673,38.138656,38.138645,38.138647,38.138668,38.138699,38.138738,38.138771,38.138786,38.138802,38.138821,38.138841,38.138862,38.138876,38.138891,38.138906,38.138914,38.138923,38.138941,38.138957,38.138975,38.138991,38.139006,38.139023,38.139051,38.139062,38.139077,38.13909,38.139105,38.139122,38.139146,38.139171,38.139198,38.139212,38.139232,38.139248,38.139266,38.139285,38.139317,38.139337,38.139358,38.139384,38.139398,38.139441,38.139482,38.139508,38.139513,38.139516,38.139519,38.139518,38.13952,38.139527,38.139537,38.139536,38.139534,38.139536,38.139539,38.139547,38.139551,38.139561,38.139579,38.139631,38.139646,38.13967,38.139689,38.139747,38.13977,38.13979,38.139819,38.139836,38.139887,38.139903,38.139918,38.139946,38.139983,38.140001,38.140104,38.140113,38.140155,38.14019,38.140215,38.140213,38.140181,38.140165,38.140161,38.14016,38.140164,38.140173,38.14021,38.140229,38.140247,38.140268,38.140288,38.140305,38.140327,38.140342,38.140358,38.140376,38.140407,38.140451,38.14047,38.140492,38.140511,38.140526,38.140555,38.140568,38.140579,38.140595,38.140606,38.140644,38.140668,38.140695,38.140716,38.140734,38.140796,38.140813,38.140857,38.1409,38.140943,38.140986,38.141011,38.141026,38.141042,38.141079,38.141095,38.141115,38.141166,38.141184,38.14121,38.141235,38.141251,38.14127,38.141286,38.141301,38.141313,38.141324,38.141335,38.141343,38.14135,38.141354,38.141361,38.141364,38.141367,38.14137,38.141374,38.141379,38.141391,38.141404,38.141417,38.141434,38.141457,38.141475,38.141496,38.141519,38.141555,38.141595,38.141632,38.141669,38.141706,38.141728,38.141744,38.141759,38.141781,38.141798,38.141818,38.141839,38.141855,38.141868,38.141893,38.141915,38.14194,38.141965,38.141984,38.142004,38.142022,38.142057,38.14207,38.142082,38.142095,38.142102,38.142112,38.142122,38.142124,38.142124,38.142125,38.142129,38.142138,38.142145,38.142182,38.142193,38.142214,38.142229,38.142249,38.142275,38.142288,38.14232,38.142355,38.142386,38.142421,38.142467,38.142498,38.142511,38.142523,38.142532,38.142543,38.142551,38.142558,38.142562,38.142563,38.142561,38.142564,38.142564,38.142571,38.14258,38.142605,38.142616,38.142643,38.142662,38.142681,38.142697,38.142732,38.142769,38.142794,38.142817,38.14283,38.142906,38.142942,38.142977,38.142999,38.142993,38.142977,38.142962,38.142946,38.142934,38.142923,38.142914,38.142929,38.142949,38.142951,38.142945,38.142937,38.142926,38.142916,38.142908,38.1429,38.142886,38.142874,38.142858,38.142838,38.142815,38.142775,38.142716,38.1427,38.142679,38.142657,38.142637,38.142602,38.142563,38.14253,38.142505,38.142487,38.142458,38.142449,38.142407,38.142364,38.142328,38.142295,38.142257,38.142245,38.142229,38.142217,38.142185,38.142142,38.142126,38.142104,38.142086,38.142074,38.142056,38.142042,38.142026,38.14201,38.141994,38.141962,38.141942,38.141927,38.141913,38.141891,38.141875,38.14186,38.141838,38.141821,38.141803,38.141785,38.141738,38.141688,38.141656,38.141625,38.141602,38.14159,38.141581,38.141568,38.14156,38.141524,38.141491,38.141452,38.141409,38.141362,38.141336,38.141277,38.141244,38.141188,38.141166,38.14115,38.141138,38.141126,38.141114,38.141109,38.141105,38.141096,38.141096,38.141092,38.141091,38.141087,38.141087,38.141083,38.141078,38.141073,38.141072,38.141071,38.14107,38.141072,38.141076,38.141085,38.141095,38.141098,38.141101,38.141101,38.141104,38.141101,38.141097,38.141083,38.141073,38.141064,38.14104,38.14104,38.141037,38.141039,38.141039,38.141042,38.141045,38.141059,38.141093,38.141107,38.141126,38.141142,38.141159,38.141199,38.141235,38.141268,38.141298,38.141329,38.141367,38.141384,38.141407,38.141422,38.141442,38.141457,38.141472,38.141511,38.141524,38.141576,38.141591,38.141622,38.141633,38.141658,38.141673,38.141683,38.141685,38.141689,38.141692,38.141688,38.141689,38.141689,38.14169,38.141689,38.141688,38.141688,38.14169,38.141696,38.141716,38.141728,38.141741,38.141754,38.141759,38.141761,38.141764,38.141764,38.141771,38.14177,38.141774,38.14177,38.141765,38.141763,38.141766,38.141767,38.141768,38.141778,38.1418,38.141813,38.141807,38.141784,38.141749,38.141706,38.141659,38.141626,38.141604,38.141589,38.14159,38.141592,38.141595,38.141601,38.141606,38.141619,38.141644,38.141664,38.14168,38.14168,38.141673,38.141661,38.141645,38.141578,38.141536,38.141511,38.141485,38.141467,38.141452,38.14143,38.141403,38.141377,38.14135,38.141329,38.141304,38.141273,38.141246,38.141226,38.141226,38.141232,38.141243,38.14125,38.141254,38.141252,38.141231,38.14124,38.141264,38.141293,38.141303,38.141321,38.141335,38.141352,38.141364,38.141357,38.141341,38.141311,38.141273,38.141229,38.141202,38.141176,38.141149,38.141121,38.1411,38.141077,38.141064,38.14106,38.14106,38.141056,38.14104,38.141017,38.140993,38.140944,38.140874,38.140824,38.140789,38.140748,38.140707,38.140676,38.14067,38.140654,38.140624,38.140601,38.140581,38.140573,38.140563,38.140542,38.140515,38.140471,38.14043,38.140401,38.140372,38.140355,38.140338,38.140313,38.140291,38.140272,38.140251,38.140238,38.14023,38.140218,38.140208,38.140202,38.140194,38.140176,38.140161,38.140147,38.140117,38.140107,38.140092,38.140074,38.140062,38.140015,38.140005,38.139993,38.139981,38.139966,38.139954,38.139943,38.139929,38.139909,38.139897,38.139877,38.139841,38.139762,38.139739,38.139719,38.1397,38.139662,38.139623,38.139577,38.139536,38.139513,38.13949,38.13946,38.13943,38.139391,38.139365,38.139327,38.139299,38.139275,38.13926,38.13924,38.139216,38.139192,38.139175,38.139164,38.139162,38.139157,38.139141,38.139129,38.139089,38.139077,38.139069,38.139057,38.13905,38.139037,38.139025,38.139009,38.138993,38.138979,38.138963,38.138953,38.138943,38.138934,38.138926,38.138894,38.138868,38.138849,38.138836,38.138824,38.138805,38.138773,38.138752,38.138729,38.1387,38.138671,38.138641,38.138617,38.138601,38.138562,38.138541,38.138523,38.138509,38.1385,38.138501,38.138504,38.138518,38.138526,38.138532,38.138536,38.13854,38.138543,38.138547,38.138556,38.13856,38.138561,38.138568,38.13856,38.138553,38.13855,38.138548,38.138556,38.138569,38.138579,38.138601,38.1386,38.138609,38.13863,38.138632,38.138634,38.138647,38.138645,38.138645,38.13865,38.138661,38.138672,38.13868,38.138685,38.138693,38.138696,38.138698,38.138697,38.138698,38.138695,38.138695,38.138708,38.138715,38.138714,38.138706,38.138692,38.138675,38.138663,38.138649,38.138642,38.138648,38.138663,38.138691,38.13872,38.138748,38.138776,38.138797,38.138807,38.138816,38.13882,38.13884,38.138863,38.138888,38.138928,38.138937,38.138953,38.138976,38.138994,38.139028,38.13905,38.139069,38.139091,38.139112,38.139124,38.139128,38.139132,38.139135,38.139137,38.139123,38.139124,38.139121,38.139121,38.139116,38.139111,38.139103,38.139096,38.139089,38.139077,38.139072,38.139062,38.139043,38.139028,38.13902,38.139008,38.138984,38.138962,38.138943,38.138925,38.138906,38.138899,38.138893,38.138886,38.138882,38.138879,38.138876,38.138879,38.138884,38.138889,38.138893,38.138901,38.13891,38.13893,38.138935,38.138935,38.138934,38.138906,38.138895,38.138888,38.138882,38.138884,38.138892,38.138905,38.138926,38.138944,38.138963,38.138971,38.138975,38.138968,38.138961,38.138956,38.138946,38.138939,38.138937,38.138938,38.13894,38.138936,38.13893,38.138919,38.138905,38.138885,38.138863,38.138848,38.138832,38.138812,38.13879,38.138764,38.138737,38.138727,38.138742,38.138758,38.138753,38.138749,38.138748,38.138741,38.138735,38.138732,38.138724,38.138705,38.138699,38.138707,38.138731,38.138758,38.138779,38.138794,38.138805,38.138833,38.138863,38.138899,38.138926,38.138958,38.138985,38.139006,38.139006,38.138996,38.138964,38.138964,38.138997,38.139021,38.139045,38.139072,38.139095,38.139115,38.139135,38.139149,38.139157,38.139168,38.139169,38.139146,38.139125,38.139104,38.139062,38.139043,38.139031,38.139028,38.139029,38.139033,38.139036,38.13904,38.139047,38.139035,38.139049,38.139057,38.139053,38.139041,38.139023,38.139006,38.139002,38.139009,38.139026,38.13904,38.139041,38.139045,38.13905,38.139055,38.139055,38.139065,38.139067,38.139071,38.139074,38.139076,38.139097,38.139102,38.139108,38.139115,38.139121,38.139124,38.139132,38.139142,38.13915,38.139155,38.13916,38.139173,38.139189,38.13921,38.139231,38.13925,38.139268,38.139274,38.139289,38.139299,38.139303,38.139316,38.139325,38.139329,38.139331,38.139333,38.139333,38.139336,38.139337,38.139341,38.139329,38.139333,38.139338,38.139342,38.139344,38.139349,38.139351,38.139354,38.139356,38.139357,38.139363,38.139371,38.139372,38.139375,38.139379,38.13939,38.139423,38.139424,38.139421,38.139467,38.139508,38.139556,38.13958,38.13958,38.13957,38.139566,38.139566,38.139578,38.139585,38.139595,38.139618,38.139647,38.139673,38.139702,38.13973,38.139762,38.139794,38.139829,38.139841,38.139898,38.139934,38.139972,38.140009,38.140046,38.140065,38.14008,38.140094,38.140104,38.140114,38.140137,38.140149,38.140163,38.140203,38.140227,38.140243,38.140255,38.140256,38.140254,38.140249,38.140245,38.140244,38.140239,38.140233,38.140223,38.140205,38.14017,38.140138,38.140108,38.140063,38.140045,38.140006,38.139959,38.139941,38.139911,38.139881,38.139873,38.139867,38.139879,38.13992,38.139938,38.139931,38.139924,38.139916,38.139909,38.13989,38.139874,38.139839,38.139824,38.139802,38.139767,38.139751,38.139734,38.139713,38.139696,38.139685,38.139677,38.139684,38.139696,38.139708,38.139714,38.139711,38.139695,38.139678,38.139664,38.139642,38.139632,38.139623,38.139613,38.139604,38.1396,38.139596,38.139599,38.139601,38.1396,38.139599,38.139602,38.139618,38.139639,38.139647,38.139663,38.139676,38.139686,38.13972,38.139732,38.139768,38.139804,38.13984,38.139864,38.139924,38.139938,38.139936,38.139948,38.139954,38.139947,38.139926,38.139903,38.139891,38.139894,38.1399,38.139908,38.13992,38.139932,38.139948,38.139974,38.139986,38.139989,38.13999,38.139987,38.139983,38.13996,38.139942,38.139934,38.139925,38.13993,38.139946,38.13996,38.139976,38.139983,38.139991,38.140005,38.140026,38.140034,38.140051,38.14006,38.140064,38.140068,38.140076,38.140089,38.140103,38.140115,38.14012,38.140124,38.140137,38.140145,38.14015,38.140154,38.140159,38.140167,38.140176,38.14018,38.14018,38.140189,38.140199,38.140206,38.14021,38.140211,38.140213,38.140214,38.140212,38.140209,38.140202,38.140183,38.140174,38.140165,38.140157,38.14015,38.140143,38.140132,38.140125,38.140122,38.140122,38.140118,38.140117,38.140113,38.140103,38.140075,38.140068,38.140049,38.140046,38.140035,38.140029,38.140024,38.140007,38.140002,38.14,38.140003,38.140005,38.140009,38.140018,38.14003,38.140046,38.140062,38.140081,38.140105,38.14012,38.140138,38.140147,38.14017,38.140181,38.140192,38.1402,38.140212,38.140231,38.140258,38.140296,38.140329,38.140357,38.140392,38.140422,38.140447,38.140473,38.140496,38.140518,38.140545,38.140563,38.140584,38.140608,38.140631,38.140651,38.14067,38.140677,38.140687,38.140694,38.140708,38.140727,38.14075,38.14078,38.140805,38.14083,38.140849,38.140874,38.140894,38.140918,38.140946,38.140972,38.141014,38.141049,38.141084,38.141122,38.14116,38.141185,38.141207,38.141235,38.141255,38.141274,38.141278,38.141282,38.141277,38.141261,38.141244,38.141229,38.141207,38.141186,38.141166,38.141146,38.14114,38.14112,38.141118,38.141117,38.141123,38.141124,38.141123,38.141121,38.141127,38.141136,38.141148,38.14118,38.141222,38.141231,38.141235,38.141237,38.141239,38.141238,38.141239,38.14124,38.141224,38.141221,38.141231,38.141242,38.141261,38.141269,38.141282,38.141298,38.141322,38.141342,38.141357,38.141409,38.141483,38.141527,38.141563,38.141601,38.141636,38.141684,38.141731,38.141771,38.141813,38.141869,38.141913,38.141944,38.141977,38.14202,38.142069,38.142101,38.142147,38.142171,38.142202,38.142236,38.142267,38.142293,38.142323,38.142355,38.142375,38.142397,38.142417,38.142435,38.142457,38.142477,38.142502,38.142532,38.142561,38.142589,38.142619,38.142639,38.14265,38.142647,38.142646,38.142666,38.142676,38.142684,38.142712,38.142737,38.142759,38.142771,38.142786,38.142804,38.142815,38.142828,38.142841,38.142858,38.142873,38.14289,38.142946,38.142962,38.142977,38.142993,38.143009,38.143084,38.143102,38.143122,38.143149,38.143176,38.143198,38.143215,38.14325,38.143275,38.143305,38.143329,38.143369,38.143404,38.143416,38.143424,38.143429,38.143432,38.143435,38.143449,38.143463,38.143478,38.143501,38.143533,38.143549,38.143565,38.143602,38.14367,38.143686,38.1437,38.143718,38.143758,38.143773,38.143845,38.143865,38.143879,38.143899,38.143917,38.143929,38.143955,38.143982,38.144004,38.144043,38.144078,38.144115,38.144154,38.144173,38.144193,38.144209,38.144231,38.144256,38.144288,38.144304,38.144332,38.144348,38.144373,38.144385,38.144401,38.144415,38.144431,38.14445,38.144463,38.144482,38.144499,38.144509,38.144516,38.144513,38.144506,38.144503,38.144509,38.144538,38.144582,38.144623,38.144658,38.144687,38.144722,38.144769,38.14482,38.14484,38.144868,38.14491,38.144957,38.145015,38.145068,38.145091,38.145111,38.145146,38.145176,38.145198,38.145217,38.145234,38.145251,38.145267,38.145283,38.145298,38.145323,38.145352,38.145378,38.145405,38.145446,38.145465,38.145481,38.145497,38.145513,38.145529,38.145544,38.145558,38.145579,38.1456,38.145614,38.145635,38.145655,38.145685,38.145701,38.145721,38.145739,38.145756,38.145772,38.145782,38.145817,38.145844,38.145867,38.145913,38.145928,38.145943,38.145959,38.145978,38.146017,38.146033,38.146065,38.146088,38.146128,38.14618,38.146196,38.14621,38.146227,38.146245,38.146263,38.146279,38.146295,38.14632,38.14634,38.146363,38.146394,38.146415,38.146441,38.146461,38.146477,38.14649,38.146497,38.146507,38.146506,38.146526,38.146553,38.146583,38.146617,38.146642,38.14668,38.146703,38.146733,38.146762,38.146772,38.146802,38.146834,38.146873,38.14692,38.146939,38.146978,38.147026,38.147071,38.147112,38.147157,38.147178,38.147198,38.147222,38.147257,38.147284,38.147312,38.147343,38.147367,38.147403,38.14743,38.147447,38.147463,38.147484,38.147508,38.147524,38.147548,38.147568,38.14758,38.147595,38.147616,38.147637,38.147654,38.147678,38.147695,38.147714,38.147741,38.147778,38.147799,38.147814,38.147826,38.147858,38.14789,38.147902,38.147926,38.147939,38.147985,38.147999,38.148005,38.148023,38.148031,38.148054,38.148068,38.148078,38.148094,38.148099,38.148099,38.148102,38.148102,38.148105,38.148096,38.148082,38.148087,38.148095,38.148105,38.148112,38.148118,38.148135,38.148143,38.148165,38.148174,38.148194,38.14823,38.14824,38.148252,38.148264,38.148283,38.148295,38.148301,38.14831,38.148316,38.148325,38.148329,38.14834,38.148356,38.148368,38.148384,38.1484,38.14842,38.148461,38.1485,38.148535,38.148542,38.148562,38.148578,38.148585,38.148608,38.148628,38.148633,38.148637,38.148638,38.148643,38.148644,38.148648,38.148649,38.148657,38.148662,38.148699,38.148711,38.148719,38.148731,38.148745,38.148813,38.148843,38.14885,38.148848,38.148842,38.148848,38.148841,38.148837,38.148827,38.148827,38.14884,38.148859,38.148872,38.148887,38.1489,38.148907,38.148915,38.148926,38.148936,38.148943,38.148954,38.148974,38.149004,38.149036,38.149067,38.149106,38.149139,38.149192,38.149221,38.149241,38.149281,38.149328,38.149388,38.14942,38.149455,38.149491,38.14952,38.149534,38.149542,38.149543,38.149551,38.14956,38.149584,38.149592,38.149617,38.149641,38.149669,38.149701,38.149723,38.149744,38.149756,38.149769,38.14982,38.149837,38.149851,38.149866,38.149885,38.149908,38.149943,38.149999,38.150015,38.150045,38.15006,38.150079,38.150108,38.150149,38.150166,38.150194,38.150204,38.150213,38.150219,38.15023,38.150238,38.150239,38.15024,38.150237,38.150235,38.150237,38.150242,38.150239,38.150241,38.150242,38.150248,38.150264,38.150293,38.150327,38.150341,38.150353,38.15038,38.150396,38.15041,38.15042,38.150436,38.150444,38.150456,38.150471,38.150526,38.150557,38.150569,38.150597,38.150607,38.150615,38.150621,38.150626,38.150634,38.150643,38.150653,38.150665,38.150677,38.150689,38.150703,38.150712,38.150718,38.150733,38.150739,38.150744,38.150752,38.150758,38.150774,38.150799,38.150827,38.150857,38.150876,38.15089,38.150907,38.150928,38.150953,38.150976,38.150999,38.151043,38.151064,38.151093,38.151124,38.151157,38.151193,38.151228,38.151258,38.151284,38.151309,38.151325,38.151337,38.151349,38.151356,38.151365,38.151375,38.151384,38.151392,38.151397,38.151405,38.15141,38.151414,38.151419,38.151425,38.151432,38.151441,38.151444,38.151464,38.151483,38.151508,38.151529,38.151541,38.15157,38.151582,38.151595,38.151603,38.151608,38.151609,38.151613,38.151631,38.15164,38.151644,38.151649,38.151655,38.151656,38.15166,38.151669,38.151681,38.151689,38.151697,38.15171,38.151718,38.151742,38.151757,38.151771,38.151781,38.151793,38.151824,38.151839,38.151852,38.15187,38.151901,38.151916,38.151951,38.151959,38.151975,38.15199,38.151995,38.151993,38.151988,38.151979,38.151971,38.151958,38.151944,38.151934,38.151923,38.151913,38.151907,38.151901,38.151919,38.151941,38.151979,38.152003,38.152026,38.152067,38.152114,38.152141,38.152152,38.152182,38.152194,38.152199,38.152214,38.152233,38.152244,38.1523,38.152335,38.152376,38.152429,38.15248,38.152492,38.152519,38.152546,38.152562,38.15257,38.152571,38.152567,38.152543,38.15251,38.152468,38.152407,38.152387,38.152275,38.152218,38.152173,38.152139,38.152112,38.152064,38.152042,38.15201,38.151977,38.151944,38.151895,38.151863,38.151835,38.151794,38.151758,38.151719,38.151687,38.151647,38.151602,38.151581,38.15157,38.151563,38.151552,38.151533,38.151512,38.151487,38.151458,38.151386,38.151359,38.151321,38.151292,38.15127,38.151216,38.151146,38.151089,38.15105,38.151006,38.150958,38.150921,38.150905,38.150877,38.150877,38.150885,38.150914,38.150953,38.150969,38.151002,38.151027,38.151046,38.151049,38.151052,38.151044,38.151036,38.15103,38.151025,38.151022,38.151013,38.151028,38.151043,38.151052,38.151055,38.151051,38.151067,38.151107,38.151129,38.151132,38.151133,38.151116,38.15095,38.150915,38.150833,38.150801,38.150791,38.150806,38.15084,38.1509,38.150951,38.151035,38.151119,38.151195,38.151233,38.15129,38.151338,38.151385,38.151408,38.151427,38.151447,38.151457,38.151466,38.15148,38.151537,38.151582,38.151595,38.151601,38.151595,38.151584,38.151562,38.151495,38.151422,38.151379,38.151296,38.151231,38.151204,38.151195,38.151169,38.151126,38.151058,38.150979,38.150912,38.150877,38.15085,38.150787,38.150743,38.150708,38.150671,38.150629,38.15057,38.150529,38.150533,38.150554,38.150546,38.150509,38.150446,38.150376,38.150306,38.150219,38.150125,38.15011,38.150047,38.149937,38.149839,38.149773,38.149707,38.149637,38.149599,38.149538,38.149455,38.149338,38.149265,38.149201,38.149167,38.149131,38.149099,38.149082,38.149004,38.148905,38.148813,38.148672,38.148609,38.148511,38.148389,38.148295,38.148229,38.148165,38.148069,38.147976,38.147874,38.147835,38.147733,38.147696,38.147643,38.147576,38.147507,38.147444,38.147352,38.147294,38.147257,38.147224,38.147192,38.147174,38.147146,38.147123,38.147047,38.146999,38.146928,38.146876,38.146794,38.14676,38.146697,38.146634,38.146627,38.14662,38.146636,38.146675,38.146706,38.146744,38.146798,38.146862,38.146925,38.146966,38.146995,38.14701,38.147019,38.147024,38.147027,38.147034,38.147045,38.147071,38.147126,38.147165,38.147165,38.147141,38.147146,38.147155,38.147151,38.147175,38.147158,38.147142,38.147078,38.147022,38.147,38.146987,38.146973,38.146937,38.14683,38.146623,38.146604,38.146475,38.146339,38.146181,38.146041,38.145905,38.145816,38.145685,38.1456,38.145518,38.145367,38.145052,38.144879,38.144744,38.144614,38.144261,38.144187,38.144141,38.144146,38.144163,38.144219,38.144266,38.14432,38.144339,38.144334,38.144322,38.144306,38.144282,38.144227,38.144174,38.144101,38.144035,38.143985,38.143956,38.14393,38.143916,38.14391,38.143916,38.143918,38.143909,38.143863,38.143759,38.143652,38.143533,38.143426,38.143354,38.143224,38.143113,38.143018,38.14296,38.142858,38.142779,38.142682,38.142591,38.142551,38.142512,38.142466,38.142445,38.142467,38.142503,38.142479,38.142362,38.142273,38.142221,38.14213,38.142038,38.141933,38.141872,38.141769,38.141699,38.141633,38.141577,38.141537,38.141496,38.141468,38.141461,38.141394,38.141337,38.141269,38.141244,38.141235,38.141231,38.141239,38.141263,38.141267,38.141266,38.141264,38.141253,38.141238,38.141198,38.141168,38.141161,38.141178,38.14122,38.141267,38.141286,38.141332,38.141361,38.141395,38.141456,38.141501,38.141584,38.141649,38.141729,38.141829,38.141906,38.142031,38.14214,38.142218,38.142279,38.142358,38.142401,38.14244,38.142469,38.142542,38.142599,38.142666,38.142703,38.142781,38.142868,38.142944,38.14296,38.143043,38.143109,38.143173,38.14322,38.143249,38.143253,38.143232,38.143193,38.143106,38.143043,38.142994,38.142946,38.142904,38.142841,38.142778,38.142729,38.142663,38.142584,38.142527,38.142439,38.142371,38.142298,38.142265,38.142246,38.142253,38.142276,38.142292,38.14234,38.142388,38.142419,38.142411,38.142395,38.142374,38.142341,38.142294,38.142208,38.142127,38.142074,38.142045,38.142029,38.141991,38.14196,38.141889,38.141831,38.141785,38.141751,38.141726,38.14173,38.14174,38.141735,38.141684,38.141623,38.141535,38.141464,38.141399,38.141341,38.141272,38.14116,38.141066,38.140972,38.140904,38.140816,38.140718,38.140636,38.140566,38.140483,38.140417,38.140318,38.140259,38.140198,38.140136,38.140102,38.140076,38.140077,38.140107,38.140147,38.140185,38.140236,38.140252,38.140256,38.140263,38.140298,38.140329,38.140348,38.140341,38.140336,38.140332,38.140294,38.140277,38.14027,38.140274,38.140299,38.14033,38.140394,38.140474,38.140542,38.140593,38.140593,38.140588,38.140622,38.14066,38.140695,38.140709,38.140732,38.14077,38.140804,38.14079,38.140747,38.140732,38.140708,38.140689,38.140708,38.140759,38.140796,38.14081,38.140828,38.140865,38.140875,38.140853,38.140803,38.140771,38.140758,38.140718,38.140709,38.140713,38.140688,38.14063,38.140604,38.140594,38.140577,38.140559,38.140553,38.140562,38.140585,38.140626,38.140637,38.140649,38.140642,38.140594,38.140543,38.14047,38.140425,38.140386,38.140318,38.140272,38.140195,38.140119,38.140044,38.139925,38.139832,38.139744,38.139666,38.139573,38.139486,38.139421,38.139389,38.139379,38.13934,38.139248,38.13917,38.139088,38.139015,38.138942,38.138901,38.138861,38.138798,38.138786,38.138795,38.138855,38.138902,38.138963,38.139015,38.139055,38.139063,38.139082,38.139088,38.139192,38.139251,38.139301,38.139338,38.139328,38.139306,38.139275,38.139216,38.139147,38.139081,38.138977,38.138888,38.138853,38.138765,38.138742,38.138667,38.138627,38.138614,38.138605,38.138471,38.138432,38.138322,38.138184,38.138115,38.138064,38.138011,38.137992,38.137984,38.137985,38.137961,38.137932,38.137939,38.13799,38.138044,38.138075,38.138079,38.138049,38.137977,38.137879,38.137728,38.137593,38.137485,38.137429,38.137348,38.137299,38.137235,38.137121,38.137022,38.136928,38.136909,38.136864,38.13681,38.136772,38.136766,38.136754,38.136699,38.136576,38.136418,38.136345,38.136339,38.136368,38.136408,38.136478,38.136549,38.13661,38.136665,38.136713,38.136738,38.136743,38.136726,38.136685,38.13662,38.136539,38.136442,38.136379,38.136306,38.136246,38.136168,38.136075,38.136057,38.135981,38.135957,38.135883,38.135837,38.135809,38.135791,38.135774,38.135778,38.135775,38.135804,38.135831,38.135847,38.135846,38.135828,38.135803,38.135791,38.135789,38.13578,38.135771,38.135761,38.135751,38.135737,38.135728,38.135723,38.135713,38.135686,38.13563,38.135593,38.135555,38.135569,38.135614,38.135661,38.13572,38.135781,38.135799,38.135858,38.135922,38.135991,38.136005,38.136082,38.136197,38.136305,38.136396,38.136465,38.136563,38.13662,38.136672,38.136707,38.136698,38.136712,38.136744,38.136758,38.136743,38.136727,38.136726,38.136723,38.136744,38.136778,38.136791,38.136782,38.136764,38.136681,38.136639,38.13663,38.136654,38.136713,38.136756,38.1368,38.136866,38.136891,38.136892,38.136864,38.136808,38.136709,38.136662,38.136576,38.136486,38.136386,38.136269,38.136142,38.136038,38.135922,38.135824,38.135734,38.13566,38.135606,38.135537,38.135457,38.135389,38.135267,38.135152,38.135051,38.134987,38.134916,38.134907,38.13487,38.134827,38.134808,38.134848,38.134899,38.134946,38.134982,38.135017,38.135065,38.135109,38.135157,38.135211,38.135243,38.135274,38.1353,38.135327,38.135332,38.135355,38.135375,38.135394,38.135415,38.135428,38.135423,38.135436,38.135464,38.13554,38.135604,38.135706,38.135773,38.135835,38.135879,38.135923,38.135992,38.136057,38.136173,38.136268,38.136316,38.136327,38.136315,38.136274,38.136209,38.136184,38.136165,38.13614,38.136086,38.1361,38.136135,38.136209,38.136291,38.13637,38.136429,38.13648,38.136547,38.136613,38.136674,38.136743,38.136794,38.136799,38.136875,38.136939,38.137035,38.137071,38.137115,38.137128,38.137137,38.137186,38.137212,38.137245,38.137261,38.13728,38.137374,38.137402,38.137494,38.137497,38.137501,38.137559,38.137582,38.137612,38.137685,38.137706,38.13772,38.137779,38.137904,38.138017,38.13819,38.138317,38.138514,38.138592,38.138669,38.138704,38.138735,38.138811,38.138894,38.139001,38.139155,38.139303,38.139404,38.139431,38.139489,38.139588,38.139666,38.139679,38.139674,38.139689,38.139699,38.139683,38.13962,38.139553,38.139446,38.139328,38.139257,38.139134,38.138994,38.13893,38.138913,38.138875,38.138829,38.138792,38.138753,38.138709,38.138667,38.138599,38.138521,38.138418,38.138376,38.138332,38.138294,38.138243,38.138193,38.138097,38.138022,38.137935,38.13787,38.137793,38.137699,38.137632,38.137542,38.137475,38.13735,38.137271,38.137168,38.137099,38.136997,38.136856,38.136781,38.136703,38.136609,38.136571,38.136568,38.136556,38.136535,38.136493,38.136473,38.136515,38.136588,38.136781,38.136847,38.137003,38.137034,38.137081,38.137101,38.137232,38.137328,38.137419,38.137436,38.137519,38.137614,38.137723,38.13781,38.13795,38.138055,38.138164,38.138259,38.138345,38.13844,38.138479,38.138509,38.138541,38.138587,38.138686,38.13882,38.138942,38.139016,38.139074,38.139111,38.139129,38.139136,38.139148,38.13916,38.139201,38.139266,38.139343,38.139397,38.139487,38.139547,38.139635,38.1397,38.139759,38.139814,38.13991,38.139959,38.14001,38.140082,38.14015,38.1402,38.14027,38.140343,38.140438,38.140504,38.140593,38.140696,38.140747,38.140837,38.140903,38.140993,38.141107,38.141196,38.141301,38.141401,38.141512,38.141678,38.141745,38.141865,38.141939,38.14204,38.142105,38.142149,38.142165,38.14217,38.142169,38.142146,38.142096,38.142044,38.141969,38.14189,38.14179,38.141695,38.141637,38.141566,38.141484,38.141373,38.141238,38.141142,38.141094,38.141046,38.141042,38.141047,38.141075,38.141119,38.141206,38.14126,38.141315,38.14137,38.141475,38.141568,38.141639,38.141706,38.141747,38.141783,38.141814,38.14184,38.141865,38.141896,38.141909,38.141913,38.141908,38.14188,38.141854,38.141839,38.14183,38.141811,38.141782,38.141753,38.141718,38.141679,38.141635,38.141581,38.141523,38.141468,38.141406,38.141355,38.14128,38.14119,38.1411,38.14102,38.140954,38.14085,38.14075,38.14065,38.140516,38.140435,38.140321,38.140165,38.140111,38.140078,38.140097,38.140104,38.140109,38.140103,38.140131,38.140161,38.140189,38.140193,38.14017,38.140116,38.140011,38.139902,38.139735,38.139584,38.139488,38.139459,38.139462,38.139479,38.139476,38.139517,38.139576,38.139624,38.139625,38.139565,38.139509,38.139435,38.139351,38.13929,38.139247,38.139231,38.139183,38.139152,38.139149,38.139145,38.139141,38.139134,38.139138,38.139135,38.139174,38.13922,38.139265,38.139323,38.139361,38.13942,38.139519,38.139593,38.139677,38.139749,38.139811,38.139905,38.139956,38.139989,38.139998,38.14004,38.140086,38.140095,38.140123,38.14013,38.140136,38.140108,38.14007,38.140071,38.140099,38.140124,38.140158,38.140224,38.140229,38.140225,38.140204,38.140116,38.140043,38.139986,38.139934,38.139846,38.13978,38.139758,38.139715,38.139673,38.139657,38.139685,38.139722,38.139699,38.139569,38.139458,38.139378,38.139317,38.139276,38.139253,38.139239,38.13926,38.13927,38.139189,38.139097,38.139005,38.138989,38.138886,38.138811,38.138782,38.138778,38.138772,38.138786,38.138836,38.13889,38.138985,38.13905,38.13906,38.139064,38.139087,38.139107,38.139086,38.139112,38.13913,38.139121,38.139106,38.139078,38.13909,38.139161,38.139146,38.139196,38.139249,38.139277,38.139272,38.139265,38.139263,38.139235,38.13919,38.139101,38.139021,38.138936,38.13884,38.138769,38.138682,38.138619,38.138601,38.138533,38.138476,38.138428,38.138394,38.138337,38.138286,38.138273,38.138252,38.138284,38.138316,38.138313,38.138297,38.138305,38.138305,38.138343,38.138396,38.138459,38.138557,38.138585,38.138594,38.13859,38.138571,38.138489,38.138411,38.138329,38.138286,38.138242,38.138157,38.138032,38.137885,38.137757,38.137687,38.137582,38.137523,38.137456,38.137361,38.137299,38.137249,38.13717,38.136997,38.136885,38.13677,38.136635,38.13651,38.136394,38.136339,38.136168,38.135996,38.135953,38.135856,38.135692,38.13553,38.135479,38.135321,38.135124,38.134966,38.13484,38.134687,38.134549,38.134132,38.134037,38.133847,38.133514,38.133104,38.132983,38.132788,38.132616,38.13243,38.132127,38.132049,38.13192,38.131686,38.131515,38.131258,38.131176,38.13115,38.131142,38.131149,38.131103,38.131051,38.130956,38.130867,38.130846,38.130785,38.130759,38.130622,38.130521,38.130289,38.130035,38.129982,38.129894,38.129868,38.129863,38.129855,38.129891,38.129943,38.129956,38.129932,38.12987,38.129776,38.129677,38.129588,38.129498,38.129379,38.129285,38.129154,38.12907,38.128969,38.128914,38.128903,38.128904,38.128916,38.128918,38.12891,38.128885,38.128857,38.128881,38.128895,38.128904,38.128895,38.128855,38.128848,38.128841,38.128837,38.128778,38.128719,38.128601,38.128452,38.128389,38.128333,38.128316,38.128267,38.128233,38.128074,38.127987,38.127882,38.127734,38.127617,38.127455,38.127276,38.127057,38.126847,38.126654,38.126498,38.126255,38.126052,38.125899,38.125788,38.125674,38.125583,38.125527,38.125491,38.125448,38.125383,38.125313,38.125221,38.125162,38.125085,38.125008,38.124956,38.124866,38.124756,38.124706,38.124647,38.124588,38.124541,38.124511,38.124484,38.124485,38.124502,38.12452,38.12451,38.124488,38.124448,38.124443,38.124452,38.124469,38.124502,38.12454,38.124596,38.12464,38.124699,38.124723,38.124753,38.124748,38.124725,38.124719,38.124677,38.12465,38.124634,38.12465,38.124659,38.124683,38.124688,38.12471,38.124711,38.124698,38.124699,38.124713,38.124725,38.124711,38.124692,38.124629,38.124527,38.124451,38.124352,38.124286,38.124208,38.124103,38.123944,38.123706,38.123571,38.123454,38.123296,38.123177,38.12306,38.122971,38.122911,38.122877,38.122865,38.122874,38.122879,38.12291,38.12295,38.122946,38.122907,38.122862,38.122829,38.122794,38.122742,38.122714,38.122662,38.122563,38.122468,38.122372,38.122295,38.122244,38.122191,38.122163,38.122108,38.122026,38.121949,38.1219,38.121843,38.121791,38.121714,38.121622,38.121471,38.121366,38.121267,38.121188,38.121111,38.120961,38.120856,38.12077,38.120725,38.120667,38.12064,38.12062,38.120571,38.120485,38.120387,38.120344,38.120289,38.120241,38.120161,38.120078,38.119988,38.119896,38.119806,38.119723,38.119662,38.119594,38.119542,38.119501,38.119505,38.119533,38.119574,38.119614,38.119668,38.119704,38.119812,38.119915,38.12006,38.120147,38.120293,38.120369,38.120416,38.120424,38.120394,38.120342,38.120287,38.120257,38.12023,38.120237,38.120261,38.120297,38.120333,38.120325,38.120277,38.120105,38.119978,38.119923,38.119867,38.119883,38.119889,38.119948,38.120024,38.120111,38.120241,38.120376,38.120567,38.120694,38.120773,38.120812,38.120835,38.120833,38.120796,38.120763,38.120762,38.120786,38.120903,38.121076,38.121179,38.121253,38.121297,38.121314,38.12131,38.12129,38.121258,38.12119,38.121132,38.121043,38.120919,38.120744,38.120659,38.120605,38.120541,38.120514,38.120496,38.120471,38.120412,38.120402,38.120426,38.120493,38.120545,38.12063,38.120751,38.120873,38.120943,38.121023,38.12112,38.121209,38.121309,38.121416,38.121516,38.121629,38.121753,38.121841,38.121912,38.121968,38.12202,38.122058,38.122123,38.122221,38.122316,38.122365,38.122378,38.122388,38.122354,38.122338,38.12229,38.122179,38.121998,38.121798,38.121607,38.121454,38.121184,38.121006,38.120348,38.120268,38.120187,38.120105,38.120021,38.119936,38.119849,38.119762,38.119672,38.119575,38.119544,38.11948,38.119432,38.11933,38.119236,38.119141,38.119044,38.118946,38.118846,38.118744,38.118673,38.118531,38.118439,38.11818,38.117998,38.117994,38.117991,38.117985,38.118159,38.118356,38.118375,38.118501,38.118469,38.118505,38.118606,38.118708,38.118608,38.11861,38.118511,38.118411,38.118311,38.118145,38.118113,38.118013,38.118015,38.118015,38.118017,38.118017,38.117819,38.117819,38.117721,38.117622,38.117701,38.117725,38.117827,38.117829,38.11803,38.118231,38.118431,38.118731,38.11901,38.11903,38.11943,38.119589,38.119731,38.119933,38.120016,38.120035,38.119837,38.119738,38.119539,38.119351,38.119333,38.119241,38.119142,38.119244,38.119346,38.119347,38.119348,38.119449,38.11955,38.119451,38.119153,38.119054,38.118955,38.118955,38.118956,38.118957,38.118858,38.118759,38.118661,38.118662,38.118663,38.118664,38.118759,38.118765,38.118771,38.118867,38.118868,38.118869,38.11877,38.118572,38.118373,38.118174,38.117974,38.117675,38.117576,38.117477,38.117479,38.11748,38.11748,38.11748,38.117283,38.116886,38.116786,38.116788,38.116689,38.11659,38.116503,38.116492,38.116193,38.116141,38.115994,38.115894,38.115895,38.115896,38.115897,38.115197,38.115097,38.114899,38.114601,38.114323,38.114204,38.114105,38.114006,38.114106,38.114107,38.11411,38.114012,38.113914,38.113915,38.114017,38.114018,38.113919,38.113919,38.114023,38.113926,38.113827,38.113729,38.113731,38.113832,38.113933,38.114134,38.114234,38.114335,38.114436,38.114438,38.114541,38.114642,38.114782,38.114841,38.114853,38.114946,38.11495,38.114963,38.115048,38.114952,38.114953,38.115054,38.114855,38.114755,38.114656,38.114457,38.114458,38.114558,38.114552,38.114544,38.114536,38.114736,38.114736,38.114736,38.114836,38.114936,38.115136,38.115136,38.115136,38.115236,38.115236,38.115436,38.115536,38.115836,38.115936,38.116136,38.116336,38.116536,38.116688,38.116736,38.116936,38.117036,38.117061,38.117136,38.117236,38.117336,38.117436,38.117336,38.117336,38.117436,38.117636,38.117836,38.118036,38.118136,38.118236,38.118336,38.118336,38.118136,38.117936,38.117736,38.117536,38.117536,38.11751,38.117336,38.117242,38.117136,38.117036,38.116936,38.116636,38.116436,38.116236,38.116036,38.115873,38.115836,38.115797,38.115771,38.115538,38.115259,38.115112,38.114985,38.114812,38.114631,38.114498,38.114197,38.114031,38.113911,38.1137,38.113636,38.11354,38.113461,38.112921,38.11267,38.111961,38.111455,38.111153,38.110885,38.11049,38.110171,38.109116,38.108631,38.108069,38.107811,38.107555,38.107403,38.107295,38.107096,38.106968,38.106832,38.106262,38.105661,38.105313,38.104832,38.104595,38.104076,38.103774,38.103689,38.103603,38.103456,38.103327,38.103134,38.102406,38.102051,38.101694,38.101479,38.10133,38.100677,38.100469,38.099767,38.099521,38.098308,38.098108,38.097927,38.09773,38.097586,38.096854,38.096439,38.095911,38.095695,38.095478,38.09523,38.094817,38.094506,38.094337,38.094271,38.094216,38.094173,38.094089,38.094029,38.093978,38.093925,38.093876,38.093778,38.093709,38.093617,38.093506,38.093051,38.092552,38.091955,38.091338,38.090629,38.089972,38.089896,38.089553,38.089211,38.088639,38.088071,38.087364,38.087261,38.086653,38.085928,38.085545,38.085033,38.084791,38.084593,38.084411,38.084077,38.083759,38.083477,38.08313,38.08283,38.082587,38.082399,38.082391,38.08237,38.082363,38.082366,38.082421,38.082459,38.082548,38.082709,38.082815,38.082938,38.083017,38.083111,38.083306,38.083382,38.083518,38.083782,38.083971,38.084027,38.084156,38.084367,38.08466,38.084748,38.08489,38.085308,38.08564,38.08582,38.085907,38.085976,38.086033,38.086076,38.086118,38.086151,38.086157,38.086163,38.086155,38.086136,38.086134,38.086147,38.08616,38.086166,38.086226,38.086335,38.086465,38.086553,38.086675,38.086729,38.086758,38.086792,38.08682,38.086819,38.086822,38.086818,38.086791,38.086739,38.086685,38.086623,38.086586,38.086564,38.08656,38.086566,38.08658,38.086601,38.08664,38.086681,38.086773,38.087035,38.087128,38.08734,38.087416,38.087526,38.087668,38.088071,38.088506,38.088686,38.089014,38.089727,38.089965,38.090384,38.090645,38.090824,38.091043,38.091386,38.091654,38.091753,38.092511,38.092604,38.09278,38.09293,38.093389,38.093548,38.093648,38.093835,38.094023,38.094089,38.094168,38.094247,38.094333,38.094345,38.094403,38.094445,38.094504,38.094661,38.09474,38.09482,38.0949,38.094917,38.094935,38.09494,38.094935,38.094937,38.094949,38.094976,38.095025,38.095131,38.095228,38.095281,38.095469,38.095533,38.09557,38.095677,38.095851,38.095875,38.096021,38.096078,38.096138,38.096164,38.096199,38.096216,38.096235,38.096271,38.096302,38.096402,38.09653,38.096613,38.096717,38.096756,38.096799,38.096845,38.096862,38.096928,38.096935,38.096947,38.096991,38.097015,38.09704,38.097056,38.097075,38.0971,38.097125,38.097165,38.097296,38.097459,38.097499,38.097527,38.097548,38.09761,38.097616,38.097642,38.097666,38.097717,38.097736,38.097742,38.097735,38.097737,38.097736,38.097746,38.097787,38.097845,38.097907,38.098053,38.098358,38.098597,38.099101,38.09945,38.099544,38.099823,38.09993,38.100104,38.100171,38.100223,38.100262,38.100289,38.100315,38.100318,38.100314,38.100304,38.100278,38.100232,38.100166,38.099857,38.099767,38.099725,38.099549,38.099497,38.099429,38.099362,38.099271,38.099096,38.099002,38.0989,38.098769,38.098679,38.098622,38.098502,38.098445,38.098262,38.098056,38.097807,38.097301,38.097224,38.097072,38.096692,38.096315,38.096199,38.096114,38.096018,38.095906,38.095841,38.095698,38.095061,38.095026,38.094962,38.094915,38.09495,38.094963,38.094974,38.094976,38.094946,38.094906,38.094839,38.094682,38.094586,38.094452,38.094288,38.094184,38.09416,38.094113,38.094068,38.094062,38.094074,38.094077,38.094079,38.094059,38.094024,38.094007,38.093995,38.094001,38.09402,38.094059,38.094116,38.094123,38.094123,38.094114,38.094099,38.094064,38.093882,38.093604,38.093546,38.093463,38.093366,38.093173,38.092914,38.092747,38.092588,38.092395,38.092096,38.091647,38.090635,38.090444,38.090211,38.089953,38.089894,38.089755,38.089682,38.089602,38.089515,38.089449,38.089365,38.089216,38.089024,38.08878,38.088748,38.088721,38.088705,38.088703,38.088709,38.088697,38.088678,38.088663,38.088661,38.088689,38.088707,38.088736,38.088766,38.088897,38.088936,38.088984,38.089076,38.0891,38.089109,38.089112,38.089104,38.089071,38.089061,38.089058,38.089047,38.089033,38.089042,38.089063,38.089089,38.089104,38.089203,38.089239,38.089254,38.089262,38.089259,38.089241,38.089123,38.089065,38.089007,38.088911,38.088807,38.088768,38.08871,38.088628,38.088601,38.08859,38.088567,38.088571,38.088579,38.088608,38.088659,38.088678,38.088714,38.088741,38.08873,38.088706,38.088655,38.088577,38.088458,38.088448,38.08843,38.088399,38.08838,38.08833,38.088291,38.088267,38.088246,38.08823,38.088213,38.088188,38.088103,38.088017,38.087808,38.087523,38.087476,38.08745,38.087328,38.087072,38.086803,38.086429,38.086263,38.086201,38.086027,38.085848,38.085765,38.08515,38.08464,38.084347,38.084258,38.084223,38.084055,38.083889,38.083578,38.08329,38.083007,38.082612,38.082311,38.081494,38.081233,38.08102,38.080512,38.079934,38.07969,38.07947,38.079297,38.079086,38.079,38.078786,38.07858,38.078382,38.078338,38.078127,38.077766,38.077395,38.07728,38.077097,38.076969,38.076803,38.07668,38.076596,38.07649,38.076191,38.075837,38.075076,38.074685,38.074295,38.074185,38.074002,38.07382,38.07364,38.07319,38.072899,38.072735,38.072274,38.071962,38.071833,38.071705,38.071581,38.071462,38.070945,38.070808,38.070666,38.07051,38.070431,38.070251,38.070131,38.069967,38.069786,38.069563,38.069148,38.069057,38.068835,38.068582,38.068488,38.068363,38.068237,38.068079,38.067924,38.067772,38.067535,38.066474,38.066129,38.065789,38.065455,38.0648,38.064371,38.064033,38.063812,38.063425,38.062953,38.062666,38.062345,38.062173,38.062006,38.061636,38.060649,38.059854,38.059341,38.059173,38.059036,38.058862,38.05872,38.05802,38.057202,38.056632,38.056379,38.056087,38.05589,38.055696,38.055468,38.05476,38.054554,38.0543,38.054129,38.053911,38.05369,38.053236,38.052219,38.052115,38.052032,38.051952,38.051838,38.051764,38.051243,38.051111,38.050771,38.050691,38.0506,38.050528,38.050469,38.050425,38.050408,38.050228,38.050137,38.050086,38.050066,38.05006,38.050042,38.050025,38.049988,38.049918,38.049888,38.049864,38.049809,38.04977,38.049739,38.04969,38.049704,38.049707,38.049688,38.049672,38.049666,38.04968,38.049708,38.049763,38.04983,38.050294,38.050399,38.050592,38.051122,38.051226,38.051401,38.05172,38.051993,38.052035,38.052055,38.052396,38.052485,38.052557,38.053362,38.053919,38.054519,38.05566,38.055976,38.056423,38.056831,38.057449,38.05767,38.057758,38.059048,38.059224,38.059434,38.059698,38.059768,38.060108,38.060327,38.060536,38.060618,38.061175,38.061446,38.062318,38.062576,38.063159,38.063595,38.063827,38.064065,38.064368,38.064621,38.064668,38.065008,38.065196,38.067812,38.067888,38.067954,38.068514,38.070652,38.071374,38.072011,38.072756,38.072989,38.073636,38.075284,38.075791,38.076371,38.077276,38.077628,38.078273,38.07845,38.078581,38.07894,38.079112,38.07932,38.079574,38.079789,38.079992,38.080252,38.0806,38.080966,38.081108,38.082148,38.083238,38.083486,38.083638,38.083768,38.083983,38.084183,38.08443,38.084636,38.084846,38.085064,38.085382,38.085616,38.085862,38.086082,38.086374,38.086672,38.086842,38.087127,38.087412,38.08772,38.088129,38.088378,38.088688,38.089178,38.090143,38.09047,38.091034,38.091766,38.091988,38.092303,38.092619,38.092933,38.093238,38.093541,38.093839,38.094274,38.094583,38.094829,38.095106,38.09533,38.095493,38.095862,38.096186,38.096997,38.097732,38.097998,38.098318,38.098452,38.098581,38.098705,38.098823,38.09888,38.099015,38.099091,38.099236,38.09942,38.099588,38.099995,38.10049,38.100849,38.101772,38.101834,38.102127,38.102233,38.102552,38.10292,38.103271,38.103353,38.103506,38.103687,38.104825,38.105176,38.105503,38.106005,38.106432,38.10669,38.107341,38.107624,38.107897,38.108161,38.108415,38.10861,38.108837,38.108883,38.109084,38.109268,38.109324,38.109415,38.109794,38.110099,38.110376,38.110829,38.111258,38.111318,38.111461,38.11159,38.111705,38.111796,38.11186,38.11194,38.111996,38.112017,38.112056,38.112072,38.112082,38.112092,38.112088,38.112068,38.112052,38.112032,38.111966,38.111763,38.111314,38.111207,38.111155,38.111035,38.110906,38.110897,38.110894,38.110903,38.110921,38.110974,38.111048,38.111128,38.111258,38.111515,38.111564,38.111669,38.111748,38.111818,38.111882,38.111976,38.112173,38.112447,38.113101,38.113359,38.113428,38.113557,38.11365,38.113743,38.113803,38.113848,38.113885,38.11394,38.113994,38.114038,38.114072,38.114079,38.114091,38.114093,38.114073,38.114047,38.11404,38.114016,38.114005,38.113992,38.113994,38.114004,38.114031,38.11407,38.114123,38.114191,38.114289,38.114384,38.114492,38.114677,38.114878,38.115135,38.115455,38.115798,38.116388,38.116415,38.116501,38.116582,38.116735,38.116957,38.117127,38.117439,38.117602,38.117914,38.117996,38.118127,38.118198,38.118375,38.118648,38.119032,38.119147,38.119264,38.119305,38.119387,38.119452,38.119549,38.119615,38.119777,38.119905,38.120081,38.120431,38.120732,38.121675,38.121904,38.122444,38.122584,38.122739,38.123288,38.124058,38.12493,38.125975,38.127355,38.127717,38.128207,38.128511,38.128604,38.12869,38.128737,38.128858]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.953143,-77.95286,-77.952188,-77.952015,-77.951509,-77.950704,-77.950004,-77.948663,-77.9486,-77.948706,-77.948936,-77.949303,-77.950162,-77.950217,-77.950431,-77.950684,-77.951205,-77.951424,-77.951449,-77.952037,-77.952862,-77.953038,-77.953123,-77.953176,-77.953143],"lat":[37.847665,37.847969,37.848066,37.848432,37.849498,37.850031,37.849599,37.848772,37.848597,37.848558,37.848474,37.848339,37.848023,37.848003,37.847926,37.847835,37.84732,37.847103,37.84708,37.847258,37.847505,37.847561,37.847606,37.84763,37.847665]}],[{"lng":[-77.992684,-77.992472,-77.992028,-77.991929,-77.99028,-77.989148,-77.988695,-77.98861,-77.988011,-77.98799,-77.987938,-77.987936,-77.987642,-77.987636,-77.988467,-77.988638,-77.98887,-77.989452,-77.989686,-77.990063,-77.990497,-77.991145,-77.991242,-77.99128,-77.991075,-77.990817,-77.99008,-77.989623,-77.989112,-77.98796,-77.987304,-77.986972,-77.986734,-77.986429,-77.985763,-77.985235,-77.98455,-77.984427,-77.984217,-77.984077,-77.983929,-77.983819,-77.983432,-77.983301,-77.982496,-77.982439,-77.982278,-77.982119,-77.981945,-77.981719,-77.981572,-77.981439,-77.981334,-77.981217,-77.980998,-77.980765,-77.98068,-77.980572,-77.980447,-77.980179,-77.979925,-77.979735,-77.979557,-77.979462,-77.979231,-77.979078,-77.978445,-77.978234,-77.978027,-77.977805,-77.977073,-77.976931,-77.976784,-77.976634,-77.976097,-77.975913,-77.97573,-77.97529,-77.975185,-77.974959,-77.974664,-77.974569,-77.974403,-77.974079,-77.973941,-77.973771,-77.97366,-77.97352,-77.973434,-77.973262,-77.973034,-77.972743,-77.972628,-77.971667,-77.971625,-77.971293,-77.971149,-77.971049,-77.970957,-77.970608,-77.97054,-77.970469,-77.970419,-77.970166,-77.970073,-77.970036,-77.969888,-77.969806,-77.96955,-77.969429,-77.969322,-77.968992,-77.968849,-77.968518,-77.968445,-77.968263,-77.968206,-77.968125,-77.968097,-77.968075,-77.968047,-77.968032,-77.968044,-77.968067,-77.96813,-77.968168,-77.968165,-77.96815,-77.968107,-77.968045,-77.967988,-77.967908,-77.967832,-77.967765,-77.967627,-77.967538,-77.96681,-77.966598,-77.966526,-77.966368,-77.966023,-77.965848,-77.965539,-77.965414,-77.965331,-77.965179,-77.965092,-77.964951,-77.964696,-77.964582,-77.964479,-77.964271,-77.963812,-77.963478,-77.963425,-77.963332,-77.963095,-77.96304,-77.963012,-77.962951,-77.962889,-77.962843,-77.962821,-77.962724,-77.962448,-77.962024,-77.961763,-77.96158,-77.961419,-77.961231,-77.960945,-77.960622,-77.960421,-77.960305,-77.959863,-77.959301,-77.959179,-77.959053,-77.958902,-77.958737,-77.958579,-77.958398,-77.958207,-77.957994,-77.957797,-77.95768,-77.957266,-77.956627,-77.95641,-77.956302,-77.95619,-77.956071,-77.955972,-77.955837,-77.955701,-77.955037,-77.954876,-77.954812,-77.954256,-77.954085,-77.953851,-77.952982,-77.952331,-77.951973,-77.951563,-77.951096,-77.950884,-77.950523,-77.950355,-77.950106,-77.949468,-77.949025,-77.948753,-77.948519,-77.948242,-77.948026,-77.947602,-77.947081,-77.944907,-77.944618,-77.944195,-77.943639,-77.943071,-77.942592,-77.942157,-77.942129,-77.941921,-77.941526,-77.941425,-77.941358,-77.940996,-77.940594,-77.94046,-77.940319,-77.939761,-77.939248,-77.939077,-77.93885,-77.938352,-77.938203,-77.937842,-77.937655,-77.93723,-77.936659,-77.935447,-77.93509,-77.935004,-77.934907,-77.934838,-77.934778,-77.934681,-77.934522,-77.934346,-77.934302,-77.934196,-77.934113,-77.934066,-77.934002,-77.933895,-77.933681,-77.933622,-77.93358,-77.933524,-77.933493,-77.933506,-77.933538,-77.933612,-77.933695,-77.933749,-77.93377,-77.933754,-77.933742,-77.933706,-77.933611,-77.933549,-77.933391,-77.933241,-77.933222,-77.934924,-77.935242,-77.935682,-77.93592,-77.936082,-77.936132,-77.936016,-77.935564,-77.9349,-77.934953,-77.935356,-77.935935,-77.936539,-77.938126,-77.939168,-77.940068,-77.940696,-77.941847,-77.94252,-77.942972,-77.943397,-77.943816,-77.943962,-77.944238,-77.944276,-77.944237,-77.944417,-77.944933,-77.945938,-77.946226,-77.946491,-77.946509,-77.946442,-77.945714,-77.945549,-77.945519,-77.945863,-77.945969,-77.945963,-77.945821,-77.945832,-77.945935,-77.946119,-77.947245,-77.947361,-77.947407,-77.947324,-77.947383,-77.947094,-77.947114,-77.947193,-77.947413,-77.948106,-77.948467,-77.948586,-77.948757,-77.949464,-77.950128,-77.950681,-77.95074,-77.950722,-77.950365,-77.949786,-77.94938,-77.949421,-77.949659,-77.949755,-77.949692,-77.949488,-77.949157,-77.948756,-77.948366,-77.947958,-77.947767,-77.947637,-77.947376,-77.947122,-77.946199,-77.945942,-77.945641,-77.945503,-77.945328,-77.945103,-77.944628,-77.943258,-77.942486,-77.941562,-77.941338,-77.940836,-77.940581,-77.940264,-77.940101,-77.939877,-77.939712,-77.939644,-77.939668,-77.939439,-77.939241,-77.938796,-77.938588,-77.937774,-77.934808,-77.934348,-77.933484,-77.932941,-77.932631,-77.932193,-77.931842,-77.931026,-77.930805,-77.930717,-77.930618,-77.930899,-77.930705,-77.930432,-77.930276,-77.929554,-77.929508,-77.929543,-77.929743,-77.929888,-77.930433,-77.930586,-77.930698,-77.93061,-77.930014,-77.929962,-77.930026,-77.930314,-77.930952,-77.932467,-77.932802,-77.933089,-77.933414,-77.933602,-77.933852,-77.934527,-77.935076,-77.935751,-77.93678,-77.937437,-77.938509,-77.939071,-77.939248,-77.939391,-77.93947,-77.939506,-77.939263,-77.938649,-77.937979,-77.937565,-77.937174,-77.935864,-77.935494,-77.935296,-77.935228,-77.93539,-77.936527,-77.937922,-77.939821,-77.940355,-77.941798,-77.943038,-77.944184,-77.945217,-77.945531,-77.946502,-77.948053,-77.948501,-77.948659,-77.949559,-77.949752,-77.949971,-77.950443,-77.950911,-77.951455,-77.951674,-77.951888,-77.952196,-77.952539,-77.953272,-77.953546,-77.95557,-77.955996,-77.956544,-77.957422,-77.959275,-77.960165,-77.961974,-77.961959,-77.961913,-77.96178,-77.96174,-77.961725,-77.961726,-77.961735,-77.961755,-77.96182,-77.961842,-77.961867,-77.961931,-77.961938,-77.961949,-77.961954,-77.961902,-77.961862,-77.961808,-77.961738,-77.96165,-77.961611,-77.96155,-77.961414,-77.961297,-77.961072,-77.95973,-77.958135,-77.957592,-77.956839,-77.956565,-77.95645,-77.956202,-77.95611,-77.95606,-77.955851,-77.955367,-77.954753,-77.954405,-77.953606,-77.953277,-77.953104,-77.952977,-77.952811,-77.952789,-77.952678,-77.95254,-77.952297,-77.952187,-77.952087,-77.951907,-77.951754,-77.951686,-77.950751,-77.950447,-77.949874,-77.948856,-77.948786,-77.948563,-77.948405,-77.948198,-77.947781,-77.947341,-77.947245,-77.94707,-77.946804,-77.946674,-77.946532,-77.946411,-77.946145,-77.945277,-77.944722,-77.943959,-77.942861,-77.94253,-77.941184,-77.940825,-77.940718,-77.939948,-77.93974,-77.939496,-77.939261,-77.938983,-77.938679,-77.938495,-77.938199,-77.937948,-77.937686,-77.937264,-77.936831,-77.936743,-77.936469,-77.935768,-77.935433,-77.935022,-77.934283,-77.933828,-77.933719,-77.93353,-77.933409,-77.933334,-77.93322,-77.933061,-77.932705,-77.931932,-77.931504,-77.93145,-77.931058,-77.930817,-77.930312,-77.930256,-77.930047,-77.929776,-77.929684,-77.929531,-77.929438,-77.929349,-77.929305,-77.929268,-77.929253,-77.929209,-77.929192,-77.929196,-77.929188,-77.929183,-77.929188,-77.929189,-77.929198,-77.9292,-77.929192,-77.929191,-77.929192,-77.929176,-77.929143,-77.929097,-77.929012,-77.928885,-77.928738,-77.928586,-77.928468,-77.928334,-77.928145,-77.927993,-77.927889,-77.927526,-77.927178,-77.926721,-77.926244,-77.92584,-77.925641,-77.925476,-77.925193,-77.924591,-77.92395,-77.923447,-77.923108,-77.922983,-77.922856,-77.922663,-77.922627,-77.922524,-77.922438,-77.922174,-77.921469,-77.92039,-77.917907,-77.916818,-77.916034,-77.91563,-77.914974,-77.914332,-77.913542,-77.912227,-77.910943,-77.909609,-77.908994,-77.908823,-77.908659,-77.908505,-77.908361,-77.907898,-77.90768,-77.907517,-77.907309,-77.906674,-77.906371,-77.905917,-77.905094,-77.904927,-77.904452,-77.902991,-77.902465,-77.901875,-77.901655,-77.901524,-77.901498,-77.901451,-77.901346,-77.901305,-77.901067,-77.900942,-77.900892,-77.900842,-77.900767,-77.900665,-77.900277,-77.900276,-77.900321,-77.900305,-77.900262,-77.900213,-77.900147,-77.900082,-77.899967,-77.899597,-77.899514,-77.899101,-77.898535,-77.898057,-77.897591,-77.897526,-77.897437,-77.897385,-77.897361,-77.897356,-77.897372,-77.897396,-77.89756,-77.89787,-77.89774,-77.897708,-77.897574,-77.897467,-77.897386,-77.897269,-77.897185,-77.89675,-77.896469,-77.896276,-77.894705,-77.894532,-77.894419,-77.894256,-77.89417,-77.894046,-77.893574,-77.893414,-77.892953,-77.892494,-77.89222,-77.891873,-77.891666,-77.891465,-77.891272,-77.890879,-77.890264,-77.890204,-77.889919,-77.889772,-77.88939,-77.889303,-77.889245,-77.889196,-77.889157,-77.889137,-77.889077,-77.88902,-77.888961,-77.888717,-77.888301,-77.887993,-77.887167,-77.886715,-77.886163,-77.884896,-77.883711,-77.883004,-77.882766,-77.882166,-77.88176,-77.881158,-77.880431,-77.879929,-77.879678,-77.879147,-77.879061,-77.878655,-77.878425,-77.877804,-77.877457,-77.877246,-77.876542,-77.876192,-77.875977,-77.875882,-77.875758,-77.875673,-77.875579,-77.875514,-77.875467,-77.87543,-77.8754,-77.875332,-77.875326,-77.875319,-77.875326,-77.875334,-77.875389,-77.875542,-77.875549,-77.875531,-77.875515,-77.87549,-77.875167,-77.874944,-77.87463,-77.874291,-77.873995,-77.873766,-77.87354,-77.87311,-77.872497,-77.872013,-77.871858,-77.871723,-77.871497,-77.871382,-77.871267,-77.871083,-77.870807,-77.869437,-77.869269,-77.869245,-77.869213,-77.869198,-77.869149,-77.869088,-77.869026,-77.868997,-77.868934,-77.868914,-77.868881,-77.868816,-77.868652,-77.868578,-77.868487,-77.867876,-77.867398,-77.867336,-77.866983,-77.866815,-77.86644,-77.866292,-77.866113,-77.865929,-77.865761,-77.865652,-77.865531,-77.86533,-77.865214,-77.864938,-77.864437,-77.863757,-77.86334,-77.862909,-77.862715,-77.862272,-77.861843,-77.861618,-77.860855,-77.859944,-77.859778,-77.85924,-77.858774,-77.857904,-77.857546,-77.856594,-77.856455,-77.856145,-77.855822,-77.855172,-77.854766,-77.854591,-77.854406,-77.85433,-77.854213,-77.853851,-77.853485,-77.853188,-77.852794,-77.852638,-77.852289,-77.851894,-77.851237,-77.850833,-77.850266,-77.850072,-77.849916,-77.849625,-77.848914,-77.848557,-77.848306,-77.84806,-77.847818,-77.847342,-77.847161,-77.846094,-77.84593,-77.845652,-77.845384,-77.845206,-77.844918,-77.844483,-77.844273,-77.844006,-77.843773,-77.843497,-77.843445,-77.843306,-77.843153,-77.843072,-77.842897,-77.842706,-77.842432,-77.842181,-77.842009,-77.841771,-77.841065,-77.84083,-77.840638,-77.840202,-77.840019,-77.839609,-77.839404,-77.839218,-77.838976,-77.838314,-77.838034,-77.837614,-77.837563,-77.837382,-77.837074,-77.836843,-77.836669,-77.836616,-77.836575,-77.83654,-77.836506,-77.836354,-77.836297,-77.836287,-77.836276,-77.836249,-77.83623,-77.836172,-77.83611,-77.836041,-77.835956,-77.835907,-77.835747,-77.835615,-77.835436,-77.834731,-77.834643,-77.834476,-77.834319,-77.834151,-77.83393,-77.83349,-77.833317,-77.832979,-77.832527,-77.832329,-77.832288,-77.832189,-77.832075,-77.831946,-77.83189,-77.831741,-77.831581,-77.831489,-77.831349,-77.831142,-77.830929,-77.830755,-77.83031,-77.828559,-77.827505,-77.826933,-77.826714,-77.826495,-77.826203,-77.825967,-77.825774,-77.825586,-77.825193,-77.824974,-77.824695,-77.824412,-77.82424,-77.824009,-77.823967,-77.823841,-77.823673,-77.823465,-77.823262,-77.822742,-77.82252,-77.822306,-77.822039,-77.821757,-77.821561,-77.821133,-77.821003,-77.820935,-77.820353,-77.819861,-77.819534,-77.819051,-77.818121,-77.817669,-77.817227,-77.817017,-77.816822,-77.817231,-77.81737,-77.817612,-77.817849,-77.818353,-77.818851,-77.818931,-77.81901,-77.819265,-77.819508,-77.819797,-77.820056,-77.820253,-77.820446,-77.820574,-77.820899,-77.821142,-77.821345,-77.821576,-77.821783,-77.821869,-77.822009,-77.822109,-77.82216,-77.822358,-77.823039,-77.823251,-77.823453,-77.824298,-77.82451,-77.824964,-77.825051,-77.826354,-77.826515,-77.826772,-77.826973,-77.827016,-77.827246,-77.827439,-77.827505,-77.82784,-77.828063,-77.828269,-77.828459,-77.828494,-77.828978,-77.829142,-77.830139,-77.830333,-77.83064,-77.830752,-77.830879,-77.830991,-77.831111,-77.831236,-77.831439,-77.831724,-77.831803,-77.831936,-77.83215,-77.83292,-77.833048,-77.833358,-77.833658,-77.834061,-77.83543,-77.83571,-77.835775,-77.835992,-77.83647,-77.837056,-77.837133,-77.837359,-77.837515,-77.837834,-77.838486,-77.838581,-77.838816,-77.838992,-77.839057,-77.839442,-77.839561,-77.839668,-77.840551,-77.840732,-77.840892,-77.841425,-77.84169,-77.842065,-77.842393,-77.842688,-77.84359,-77.844315,-77.845776,-77.84666,-77.847094,-77.848367,-77.849225,-77.849469,-77.850088,-77.850197,-77.850482,-77.85086,-77.851123,-77.852288,-77.852481,-77.85263,-77.852967,-77.853146,-77.853518,-77.854336,-77.854463,-77.854522,-77.854613,-77.854702,-77.854825,-77.85441,-77.854019,-77.853529,-77.853288,-77.853043,-77.852796,-77.852547,-77.851861,-77.851536,-77.851207,-77.849467,-77.84893,-77.848603,-77.848353,-77.84747,-77.847066,-77.846703,-77.846437,-77.846136,-77.845826,-77.845513,-77.845387,-77.844953,-77.844373,-77.843998,-77.843636,-77.843358,-77.843081,-77.842746,-77.842376,-77.841946,-77.841607,-77.841286,-77.841016,-77.84079,-77.840535,-77.840101,-77.840026,-77.839624,-77.839198,-77.83852,-77.838141,-77.83781,-77.837561,-77.837023,-77.83542,-77.835155,-77.834526,-77.834328,-77.834208,-77.834005,-77.833794,-77.833668,-77.83296,-77.832407,-77.832079,-77.831833,-77.831537,-77.831343,-77.831107,-77.829839,-77.829545,-77.829134,-77.828515,-77.828099,-77.827743,-77.82717,-77.826712,-77.826184,-77.825532,-77.825206,-77.824401,-77.824059,-77.82391,-77.821585,-77.821094,-77.819473,-77.816657,-77.815489,-77.814948,-77.814572,-77.814255,-77.814074,-77.813941,-77.813756,-77.813279,-77.812893,-77.812716,-77.812417,-77.812616,-77.812682,-77.812716,-77.812716,-77.812616,-77.812416,-77.812349,-77.812282,-77.812015,-77.811438,-77.811315,-77.811121,-77.810915,-77.810615,-77.809315,-77.808607,-77.808515,-77.807615,-77.806515,-77.806015,-77.805515,-77.804815,-77.803815,-77.802715,-77.801315,-77.800115,-77.799515,-77.798815,-77.798709,-77.79825,-77.79819,-77.797615,-77.797057,-77.796715,-77.796415,-77.795415,-77.79436,-77.794038,-77.793715,-77.791614,-77.790714,-77.790014,-77.789314,-77.789248,-77.788414,-77.787914,-77.787414,-77.786614,-77.786614,-77.786614,-77.786314,-77.785814,-77.785814,-77.785614,-77.785114,-77.784714,-77.784514,-77.784614,-77.784514,-77.784173,-77.783914,-77.782914,-77.782614,-77.782514,-77.782614,-77.783114,-77.783403,-77.784114,-77.784614,-77.784914,-77.784614,-77.784514,-77.784214,-77.783014,-77.782614,-77.781714,-77.781114,-77.780214,-77.779214,-77.778514,-77.777814,-77.776914,-77.775814,-77.774214,-77.773414,-77.771958,-77.771914,-77.771685,-77.771014,-77.770914,-77.771114,-77.771403,-77.771414,-77.771714,-77.771714,-77.771414,-77.770714,-77.769814,-77.769014,-77.768514,-77.768114,-77.767814,-77.767314,-77.766514,-77.766491,-77.766114,-77.765114,-77.764114,-77.764024,-77.763914,-77.763814,-77.763514,-77.76344,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763314,-77.763298,-77.762914,-77.762514,-77.759714,-77.759614,-77.759314,-77.759114,-77.759014,-77.758814,-77.758513,-77.758213,-77.757613,-77.757013,-77.756513,-77.756113,-77.755913,-77.755713,-77.755413,-77.754913,-77.754113,-77.753613,-77.752813,-77.752313,-77.751613,-77.751513,-77.751413,-77.751331,-77.751113,-77.750713,-77.750613,-77.750513,-77.750413,-77.750213,-77.750113,-77.749813,-77.749713,-77.749513,-77.749313,-77.748613,-77.747813,-77.747313,-77.746613,-77.746413,-77.746213,-77.745513,-77.745213,-77.745213,-77.745913,-77.746613,-77.747213,-77.747413,-77.747613,-77.747713,-77.747813,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747513,-77.747513,-77.747813,-77.748113,-77.748413,-77.748413,-77.748413,-77.748213,-77.748013,-77.747413,-77.746713,-77.745713,-77.745213,-77.745072,-77.744513,-77.743813,-77.742913,-77.742213,-77.741613,-77.741313,-77.741113,-77.740913,-77.740913,-77.741313,-77.741814,-77.741913,-77.742313,-77.742713,-77.742913,-77.742913,-77.742913,-77.742973,-77.743113,-77.743327,-77.743413,-77.744013,-77.744813,-77.745513,-77.746613,-77.747913,-77.748313,-77.748613,-77.748713,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748813,-77.748713,-77.748613,-77.748513,-77.748313,-77.748013,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747813,-77.748113,-77.748413,-77.748513,-77.748513,-77.748513,-77.748313,-77.747813,-77.747713,-77.747613,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.747713,-77.74767,-77.750248,-77.750368,-77.750443,-77.751311,-77.753189,-77.75464,-77.754756,-77.756604,-77.757546,-77.760821,-77.761111,-77.762193,-77.766661,-77.770145,-77.770829,-77.772657,-77.772709,-77.775333,-77.779461,-77.779249,-77.777514,-77.776611,-77.776469,-77.776321,-77.77619,-77.77604,-77.775905,-77.775857,-77.777161,-77.777617,-77.777772,-77.778502,-77.77904,-77.779852,-77.780174,-77.780306,-77.780427,-77.781058,-77.781121,-77.781465,-77.781982,-77.782284,-77.782649,-77.783068,-77.783403,-77.783794,-77.784022,-77.784418,-77.784472,-77.784509,-77.784691,-77.785233,-77.78574,-77.785892,-77.786012,-77.786154,-77.786398,-77.786579,-77.786681,-77.786952,-77.787508,-77.78764,-77.787795,-77.788126,-77.7883,-77.78842,-77.788541,-77.788667,-77.78879,-77.788911,-77.7892,-77.790052,-77.790378,-77.790706,-77.791123,-77.791689,-77.792179,-77.792676,-77.792847,-77.793049,-77.793229,-77.793328,-77.793463,-77.793589,-77.793681,-77.793766,-77.793983,-77.794172,-77.794436,-77.794832,-77.795317,-77.795795,-77.795921,-77.7965,-77.797172,-77.797319,-77.797476,-77.797829,-77.798525,-77.798781,-77.79891,-77.799008,-77.799086,-77.799172,-77.799228,-77.799319,-77.799453,-77.799659,-77.799854,-77.800035,-77.800098,-77.800255,-77.800504,-77.800722,-77.800907,-77.801051,-77.801194,-77.801271,-77.801319,-77.801515,-77.801688,-77.801828,-77.801954,-77.802096,-77.802508,-77.8029,-77.803173,-77.803648,-77.803953,-77.804146,-77.804294,-77.80445,-77.804558,-77.804679,-77.80473,-77.805014,-77.805363,-77.805997,-77.806125,-77.806733,-77.806857,-77.807355,-77.807878,-77.808288,-77.808527,-77.809051,-77.809248,-77.809491,-77.809644,-77.809783,-77.809908,-77.810112,-77.81056,-77.810665,-77.810733,-77.810899,-77.811011,-77.81117,-77.811353,-77.811467,-77.81165,-77.81174,-77.811838,-77.812574,-77.812869,-77.81297,-77.813199,-77.81343,-77.813671,-77.814021,-77.81445,-77.8149,-77.81493,-77.815224,-77.81544,-77.815662,-77.815947,-77.816228,-77.816637,-77.81732,-77.817841,-77.818268,-77.818992,-77.819198,-77.819359,-77.819751,-77.820069,-77.820234,-77.820391,-77.820498,-77.820619,-77.820809,-77.821016,-77.821157,-77.82131,-77.821475,-77.821691,-77.82188,-77.822036,-77.822301,-77.82278,-77.823022,-77.823424,-77.823891,-77.824445,-77.825004,-77.825786,-77.826292,-77.826578,-77.826717,-77.827145,-77.827395,-77.827698,-77.827823,-77.827968,-77.828491,-77.828563,-77.828692,-77.828856,-77.829078,-77.829303,-77.82946,-77.82962,-77.829657,-77.82992,-77.830094,-77.830253,-77.830113,-77.829989,-77.8299,-77.829797,-77.82966,-77.82962,-77.829462,-77.829314,-77.829087,-77.82895,-77.828777,-77.828705,-77.828608,-77.828216,-77.828181,-77.827886,-77.827788,-77.827726,-77.827656,-77.827537,-77.827367,-77.827146,-77.826934,-77.826848,-77.826809,-77.826755,-77.826744,-77.826705,-77.826685,-77.826684,-77.826703,-77.826714,-77.826808,-77.826814,-77.826802,-77.826735,-77.826689,-77.826376,-77.82611,-77.826064,-77.825979,-77.825908,-77.825736,-77.825662,-77.825487,-77.824658,-77.824482,-77.824379,-77.824116,-77.823987,-77.823682,-77.822932,-77.822789,-77.82273,-77.82269,-77.822669,-77.822668,-77.822667,-77.822671,-77.822672,-77.822658,-77.822631,-77.822587,-77.822542,-77.822504,-77.822147,-77.821512,-77.8211,-77.820907,-77.820786,-77.82056,-77.820307,-77.820094,-77.819655,-77.819482,-77.819268,-77.81908,-77.818789,-77.817607,-77.817267,-77.817118,-77.816586,-77.816243,-77.815863,-77.815488,-77.815313,-77.814999,-77.814538,-77.814286,-77.813809,-77.813446,-77.813132,-77.812976,-77.812788,-77.812605,-77.811523,-77.810748,-77.809943,-77.809639,-77.80921,-77.809015,-77.808833,-77.808693,-77.808528,-77.808379,-77.808187,-77.808087,-77.807835,-77.8077,-77.807623,-77.807575,-77.807514,-77.807478,-77.807418,-77.807341,-77.807311,-77.807151,-77.806943,-77.806625,-77.806445,-77.806043,-77.805544,-77.8051,-77.80486,-77.804807,-77.804619,-77.804481,-77.804405,-77.804305,-77.804234,-77.804163,-77.803952,-77.803591,-77.803476,-77.803108,-77.802905,-77.802206,-77.802036,-77.801795,-77.801654,-77.801536,-77.80141,-77.801287,-77.801251,-77.800896,-77.800673,-77.800233,-77.800043,-77.799888,-77.799721,-77.799303,-77.797702,-77.796993,-77.7967,-77.796266,-77.795789,-77.795559,-77.795116,-77.794853,-77.794727,-77.794524,-77.794183,-77.793958,-77.79391,-77.793752,-77.793627,-77.793478,-77.793429,-77.793372,-77.793276,-77.793241,-77.793206,-77.793186,-77.793188,-77.793188,-77.793179,-77.793142,-77.793083,-77.792602,-77.792476,-77.792167,-77.7921,-77.792026,-77.791961,-77.79176,-77.791673,-77.791449,-77.791301,-77.791217,-77.791123,-77.791018,-77.790894,-77.790543,-77.790367,-77.790161,-77.789997,-77.789842,-77.789719,-77.789588,-77.789489,-77.789443,-77.78936,-77.789107,-77.788893,-77.788462,-77.788027,-77.786634,-77.786787,-77.786846,-77.787022,-77.78709,-77.787203,-77.787307,-77.787479,-77.787565,-77.788492,-77.788555,-77.788719,-77.788853,-77.788949,-77.789153,-77.789202,-77.789313,-77.789375,-77.78943,-77.789485,-77.78969,-77.789991,-77.79039,-77.790457,-77.790714,-77.790757,-77.790993,-77.791293,-77.791421,-77.791624,-77.791953,-77.792137,-77.792335,-77.792628,-77.792693,-77.792899,-77.792952,-77.793043,-77.793064,-77.793177,-77.793403,-77.793584,-77.793752,-77.794005,-77.794088,-77.794533,-77.79469,-77.795279,-77.79537,-77.795441,-77.795981,-77.796039,-77.796118,-77.796378,-77.796506,-77.796949,-77.797161,-77.797289,-77.797548,-77.797671,-77.797815,-77.797913,-77.798062,-77.798152,-77.798284,-77.798388,-77.798629,-77.798669,-77.798966,-77.799238,-77.799363,-77.799491,-77.799729,-77.799829,-77.800107,-77.800208,-77.800324,-77.800385,-77.80058,-77.800711,-77.801009,-77.801203,-77.801466,-77.801605,-77.801796,-77.802005,-77.802435,-77.802643,-77.802721,-77.802783,-77.802951,-77.803133,-77.803314,-77.803728,-77.80418,-77.804414,-77.80494,-77.805045,-77.805359,-77.805627,-77.805822,-77.805918,-77.806032,-77.806129,-77.806233,-77.806334,-77.806438,-77.806509,-77.806566,-77.806641,-77.806699,-77.806757,-77.806794,-77.806881,-77.80693,-77.807063,-77.807162,-77.807236,-77.807454,-77.80753,-77.807708,-77.808292,-77.808761,-77.808909,-77.809251,-77.809675,-77.809793,-77.810096,-77.810349,-77.810688,-77.810951,-77.811225,-77.811332,-77.811392,-77.811618,-77.811856,-77.812016,-77.812139,-77.812384,-77.812709,-77.812799,-77.813228,-77.813712,-77.814302,-77.814726,-77.815399,-77.815578,-77.815654,-77.81574,-77.815976,-77.816128,-77.81622,-77.816593,-77.816692,-77.816784,-77.816894,-77.817028,-77.817097,-77.817228,-77.81736,-77.817588,-77.817767,-77.818346,-77.818681,-77.819114,-77.819445,-77.819651,-77.819811,-77.820003,-77.82015,-77.820358,-77.820523,-77.820658,-77.820762,-77.820803,-77.820907,-77.821346,-77.821433,-77.821808,-77.821867,-77.821959,-77.82234,-77.822406,-77.822675,-77.822854,-77.823287,-77.823361,-77.823517,-77.823581,-77.823747,-77.823875,-77.82399,-77.824088,-77.82416,-77.82431,-77.824507,-77.824715,-77.825666,-77.825907,-77.826137,-77.826359,-77.826785,-77.827201,-77.827744,-77.828025,-77.82823,-77.828424,-77.82861,-77.828713,-77.828784,-77.828936,-77.829036,-77.829177,-77.829314,-77.829329,-77.829379,-77.829457,-77.829775,-77.830015,-77.830094,-77.830166,-77.830198,-77.830208,-77.830251,-77.830269,-77.83029,-77.830311,-77.830316,-77.830305,-77.830238,-77.830189,-77.830141,-77.830077,-77.830013,-77.829945,-77.829925,-77.829876,-77.829828,-77.829797,-77.82976,-77.829672,-77.82963,-77.829589,-77.829516,-77.829369,-77.829338,-77.82929,-77.829233,-77.829056,-77.829032,-77.828982,-77.82891,-77.828754,-77.828667,-77.828653,-77.828638,-77.828627,-77.828623,-77.828652,-77.828735,-77.828774,-77.828794,-77.828823,-77.828833,-77.828819,-77.828808,-77.828802,-77.828786,-77.828779,-77.828754,-77.82872,-77.828697,-77.828697,-77.828685,-77.82865,-77.828824,-77.829056,-77.829318,-77.829598,-77.829932,-77.830143,-77.830246,-77.830426,-77.830587,-77.830833,-77.831007,-77.831545,-77.831605,-77.831867,-77.832112,-77.832276,-77.832553,-77.832573,-77.832848,-77.833231,-77.833365,-77.833596,-77.833836,-77.834033,-77.834353,-77.834565,-77.834905,-77.835163,-77.835485,-77.835654,-77.835755,-77.836343,-77.8368,-77.837107,-77.83736,-77.837501,-77.838575,-77.838744,-77.839031,-77.839214,-77.83988,-77.840673,-77.841608,-77.841871,-77.842357,-77.842975,-77.843265,-77.843577,-77.843792,-77.844085,-77.844397,-77.844606,-77.845173,-77.845449,-77.845613,-77.845721,-77.846604,-77.847035,-77.847506,-77.847723,-77.847922,-77.848204,-77.848974,-77.849066,-77.849121,-77.84927,-77.84932,-77.849739,-77.85007,-77.850207,-77.850632,-77.851033,-77.851176,-77.851288,-77.85167,-77.851718,-77.851966,-77.852767,-77.852841,-77.852943,-77.853028,-77.853095,-77.853289,-77.853337,-77.853688,-77.853745,-77.853788,-77.853824,-77.853821,-77.853821,-77.853796,-77.853755,-77.853562,-77.853518,-77.853492,-77.853484,-77.853495,-77.853525,-77.853573,-77.853704,-77.853782,-77.853856,-77.853919,-77.854113,-77.854233,-77.854362,-77.854507,-77.8551,-77.855461,-77.855814,-77.856005,-77.856146,-77.856211,-77.856757,-77.85683,-77.856903,-77.856973,-77.857047,-77.857138,-77.857263,-77.857382,-77.857498,-77.857528,-77.857628,-77.858364,-77.858434,-77.859655,-77.859843,-77.860019,-77.860095,-77.861201,-77.86133,-77.861587,-77.862332,-77.863027,-77.863154,-77.863379,-77.86371,-77.863957,-77.864135,-77.864299,-77.864363,-77.864442,-77.864697,-77.864743,-77.864846,-77.864989,-77.865512,-77.86571,-77.865862,-77.865919,-77.866004,-77.866119,-77.866218,-77.866302,-77.866412,-77.866665,-77.867299,-77.867834,-77.868777,-77.869611,-77.869701,-77.869922,-77.87014,-77.870297,-77.8711,-77.87122,-77.871088,-77.870859,-77.870797,-77.870478,-77.870429,-77.870395,-77.870263,-77.870096,-77.869992,-77.869131,-77.868953,-77.86868,-77.8685,-77.868167,-77.867945,-77.867536,-77.866558,-77.866315,-77.865872,-77.865054,-77.864874,-77.864784,-77.86452,-77.864008,-77.863744,-77.863928,-77.864091,-77.865107,-77.865796,-77.865978,-77.866134,-77.866278,-77.866465,-77.866629,-77.866835,-77.867258,-77.867476,-77.867751,-77.867971,-77.869214,-77.86952,-77.870026,-77.870407,-77.870683,-77.870958,-77.870989,-77.871443,-77.871942,-77.872342,-77.873641,-77.873974,-77.874504,-77.876782,-77.877095,-77.87718,-77.877247,-77.877522,-77.877943,-77.878124,-77.878306,-77.878535,-77.87893,-77.879362,-77.879974,-77.880135,-77.880337,-77.880536,-77.880717,-77.880893,-77.88107,-77.881237,-77.881389,-77.88143,-77.881859,-77.882493,-77.883443,-77.883572,-77.883711,-77.883982,-77.884186,-77.884478,-77.884608,-77.884763,-77.88491,-77.885045,-77.885169,-77.885404,-77.885834,-77.886091,-77.886258,-77.886551,-77.886677,-77.886976,-77.88714,-77.887319,-77.887395,-77.888154,-77.888507,-77.889514,-77.889737,-77.890241,-77.890322,-77.89039,-77.890704,-77.891278,-77.892384,-77.892521,-77.892613,-77.892703,-77.892827,-77.892903,-77.893187,-77.893294,-77.893518,-77.893654,-77.893682,-77.893798,-77.893917,-77.893963,-77.894026,-77.894072,-77.89419,-77.894517,-77.894674,-77.894843,-77.89492,-77.895037,-77.895091,-77.895162,-77.895264,-77.895322,-77.896293,-77.896974,-77.897723,-77.897992,-77.898273,-77.898797,-77.899408,-77.89956,-77.899692,-77.899868,-77.900222,-77.900631,-77.901424,-77.901778,-77.902023,-77.902212,-77.903497,-77.905215,-77.906612,-77.907058,-77.907793,-77.908059,-77.908311,-77.908811,-77.90963,-77.90997,-77.910093,-77.9102,-77.910273,-77.910349,-77.910381,-77.910503,-77.910615,-77.910697,-77.911084,-77.911828,-77.912046,-77.912276,-77.912517,-77.912717,-77.912933,-77.913213,-77.913545,-77.913683,-77.913807,-77.913917,-77.914011,-77.914049,-77.914131,-77.91421,-77.914257,-77.914313,-77.914367,-77.914405,-77.914454,-77.91471,-77.914748,-77.914855,-77.914978,-77.915094,-77.915225,-77.915339,-77.915487,-77.915584,-77.91588,-77.91644,-77.917216,-77.917285,-77.917811,-77.918025,-77.918693,-77.918731,-77.918799,-77.918857,-77.918939,-77.919004,-77.919051,-77.919193,-77.919224,-77.919229,-77.919234,-77.919223,-77.919197,-77.919102,-77.919099,-77.919041,-77.918957,-77.918865,-77.918801,-77.918762,-77.918742,-77.918739,-77.91887,-77.919024,-77.919275,-77.919533,-77.919761,-77.920004,-77.920958,-77.921077,-77.921513,-77.921643,-77.921776,-77.922142,-77.922471,-77.922718,-77.922757,-77.923389,-77.923516,-77.923661,-77.924108,-77.924372,-77.924801,-77.925071,-77.925258,-77.925289,-77.925432,-77.925489,-77.925508,-77.925603,-77.926278,-77.927562,-77.928355,-77.928709,-77.93002,-77.930141,-77.931447,-77.931526,-77.931381,-77.931288,-77.932303,-77.935129,-77.934591,-77.937295,-77.937673,-77.937874,-77.938667,-77.93876,-77.939778,-77.940133,-77.940205,-77.940284,-77.94068,-77.940842,-77.940962,-77.941102,-77.941289,-77.941814,-77.941881,-77.94188,-77.94188,-77.941871,-77.94187,-77.94187,-77.94187,-77.941969,-77.942083,-77.942212,-77.94284,-77.943,-77.943016,-77.943061,-77.943133,-77.943761,-77.943817,-77.944204,-77.944819,-77.94609,-77.946234,-77.946182,-77.946259,-77.946262,-77.946285,-77.946291,-77.946658,-77.946663,-77.946671,-77.946689,-77.946712,-77.946742,-77.946771,-77.946811,-77.946863,-77.947154,-77.947346,-77.947892,-77.94987,-77.95011,-77.950398,-77.95077,-77.950855,-77.951754,-77.952182,-77.952352,-77.952636,-77.953134,-77.953546,-77.953836,-77.953992,-77.954087,-77.954232,-77.954279,-77.954387,-77.954634,-77.954688,-77.954713,-77.954741,-77.95477,-77.954788,-77.954819,-77.954844,-77.954876,-77.954909,-77.954941,-77.954981,-77.955008,-77.955028,-77.955055,-77.955067,-77.955131,-77.955165,-77.955192,-77.955219,-77.955251,-77.955276,-77.955287,-77.955306,-77.955319,-77.955354,-77.955366,-77.955378,-77.955398,-77.955412,-77.955438,-77.955454,-77.955473,-77.955492,-77.955519,-77.955553,-77.955578,-77.955618,-77.955839,-77.955856,-77.955875,-77.955956,-77.955967,-77.956049,-77.956088,-77.956102,-77.956122,-77.956135,-77.956156,-77.956182,-77.956197,-77.956219,-77.956232,-77.956253,-77.956266,-77.956292,-77.956305,-77.956317,-77.956327,-77.956332,-77.956339,-77.956356,-77.956378,-77.956405,-77.956437,-77.95645,-77.956464,-77.956484,-77.956498,-77.956508,-77.956526,-77.956548,-77.956574,-77.956601,-77.956629,-77.956642,-77.956674,-77.956686,-77.956705,-77.956718,-77.956737,-77.956797,-77.956822,-77.956862,-77.956882,-77.95691,-77.956924,-77.956944,-77.956986,-77.957007,-77.957033,-77.957051,-77.957066,-77.957079,-77.957098,-77.957117,-77.957139,-77.957193,-77.957258,-77.957269,-77.957278,-77.957287,-77.957929,-77.95802,-77.958051,-77.958094,-77.958329,-77.959112,-77.959215,-77.959324,-77.960467,-77.961094,-77.961787,-77.963401,-77.964068,-77.964098,-77.964498,-77.9663,-77.966364,-77.967828,-77.967891,-77.968531,-77.969379,-77.969693,-77.970705,-77.9713,-77.97145,-77.972051,-77.972071,-77.972064,-77.978736,-77.979388,-77.980844,-77.981107,-77.981337,-77.982245,-77.983627,-77.983959,-77.986302,-77.987825,-77.990213,-77.990556,-77.990819,-77.991901,-77.992247,-77.992333,-77.992846,-77.992684],"lat":[37.859363,37.859407,37.859502,37.859498,37.85945,37.859403,37.859717,37.86001,37.862078,37.862152,37.862331,37.862344,37.86453,37.864579,37.865023,37.865115,37.865239,37.86555,37.865675,37.865877,37.866235,37.866798,37.866882,37.866914,37.866995,37.867091,37.867296,37.867409,37.867546,37.867876,37.868072,37.868163,37.868225,37.868288,37.868405,37.868489,37.868614,37.868634,37.868657,37.868667,37.868691,37.86872,37.868843,37.868885,37.86918,37.869202,37.869275,37.869363,37.869473,37.869641,37.86977,37.869908,37.870039,37.870209,37.870499,37.870812,37.870898,37.870982,37.871053,37.871175,37.871272,37.871332,37.871372,37.871387,37.871413,37.871423,37.871483,37.871518,37.871568,37.871643,37.871934,37.871977,37.872006,37.872021,37.872044,37.872042,37.872025,37.871965,37.871945,37.87189,37.871794,37.871756,37.871677,37.871507,37.871456,37.871415,37.8714,37.871395,37.8714,37.871417,37.871452,37.871511,37.871537,37.871728,37.871736,37.871827,37.871888,37.871941,37.872003,37.872268,37.87234,37.872434,37.872533,37.873164,37.873354,37.873417,37.873634,37.873744,37.874063,37.874188,37.874281,37.87454,37.874641,37.874892,37.874963,37.875183,37.875275,37.875444,37.875526,37.875644,37.875985,37.876359,37.876712,37.876927,37.877325,37.877644,37.877775,37.877879,37.878054,37.878236,37.878361,37.878488,37.878584,37.878655,37.878769,37.878833,37.879234,37.879369,37.879419,37.879537,37.879815,37.879976,37.880284,37.880432,37.880546,37.880758,37.880897,37.881119,37.881475,37.881601,37.881695,37.881861,37.882207,37.882466,37.882508,37.882599,37.882906,37.883016,37.883113,37.883479,37.883894,37.884172,37.884249,37.884535,37.885482,37.885181,37.885013,37.884914,37.884841,37.884769,37.88467,37.884551,37.88447,37.884415,37.884218,37.883978,37.883938,37.883907,37.883891,37.883887,37.883895,37.883923,37.883975,37.88405,37.884143,37.884208,37.884458,37.8849,37.885033,37.885091,37.885136,37.885168,37.885182,37.885189,37.885182,37.885068,37.885054,37.885053,37.885021,37.885017,37.885017,37.885041,37.885086,37.885131,37.885199,37.885276,37.885307,37.885373,37.885402,37.885435,37.8855,37.885526,37.885533,37.885524,37.885494,37.885455,37.885362,37.885231,37.884728,37.884655,37.884547,37.884398,37.884255,37.884144,37.884049,37.88404,37.884281,37.884696,37.884778,37.884823,37.885045,37.885252,37.885299,37.885333,37.885409,37.885455,37.885477,37.885513,37.885603,37.885638,37.885756,37.885826,37.885994,37.886198,37.886569,37.886698,37.886739,37.886802,37.88686,37.886924,37.887066,37.887377,37.887758,37.887892,37.888344,37.888808,37.888968,37.889125,37.889319,37.889655,37.889781,37.88991,37.890241,37.890493,37.891004,37.891419,37.891821,37.892394,37.892829,37.893221,37.893515,37.893632,37.893866,37.894309,37.894539,37.895205,37.895602,37.895652,37.896131,37.896153,37.896071,37.895909,37.895658,37.895271,37.894855,37.89408,37.89332,37.893151,37.892865,37.892587,37.892425,37.892475,37.892444,37.892497,37.892415,37.892135,37.892058,37.892101,37.892223,37.892432,37.892568,37.893128,37.893374,37.894152,37.894474,37.894757,37.894977,37.895083,37.895274,37.895514,37.895606,37.896089,37.896376,37.896761,37.897173,37.897443,37.89769,37.898132,37.898414,37.898683,37.898926,37.899698,37.899846,37.900054,37.900185,37.900348,37.901563,37.901844,37.901928,37.901962,37.901803,37.901785,37.901831,37.902039,37.903686,37.904842,37.905686,37.905965,37.906176,37.906962,37.908104,37.908772,37.909087,37.909349,37.909547,37.909785,37.910019,37.910262,37.910431,37.910517,37.910517,37.910425,37.909687,37.909317,37.909168,37.908876,37.908629,37.908195,37.908103,37.908074,37.908095,37.908369,37.909691,37.910242,37.910529,37.910507,37.910267,37.910194,37.91021,37.910272,37.910448,37.910697,37.910938,37.91132,37.911421,37.911343,37.91091,37.910773,37.910468,37.909782,37.909729,37.909767,37.909742,37.90968,37.909492,37.909535,37.909904,37.910079,37.910239,37.910936,37.91293,37.913909,37.914433,37.914459,37.915134,37.915233,37.915298,37.91538,37.915514,37.91577,37.915902,37.916095,37.916327,37.916817,37.916952,37.917122,37.917346,37.917526,37.91775,37.91786,37.918035,37.918414,37.919284,37.9197,37.920302,37.920542,37.920585,37.920437,37.920222,37.919623,37.919488,37.919496,37.91958,37.919708,37.919954,37.920595,37.921426,37.922139,37.92247,37.922713,37.92312,37.923326,37.923521,37.923724,37.923844,37.924072,37.924509,37.924681,37.924765,37.925207,37.925841,37.926546,37.927291,37.927435,37.927633,37.927608,37.927666,37.927736,37.928435,37.928528,37.928495,37.928235,37.927954,37.927481,37.927354,37.927295,37.927342,37.927511,37.928113,37.928329,37.929862,37.930176,37.930494,37.930782,37.93128,37.931565,37.932039,37.932081,37.932214,37.932633,37.932846,37.932975,37.933247,37.93332,37.933489,37.933726,37.933798,37.933877,37.934195,37.934251,37.934419,37.934754,37.935063,37.935214,37.935338,37.935456,37.935567,37.935609,37.935658,37.935744,37.9358,37.93589,37.936324,37.936871,37.937062,37.93734,37.937459,37.937513,37.937655,37.937714,37.937747,37.937906,37.938302,37.938817,37.939118,37.939785,37.940073,37.940246,37.940391,37.940618,37.940655,37.940845,37.941123,37.941569,37.941733,37.941859,37.942031,37.942162,37.942215,37.942922,37.943165,37.943605,37.944375,37.944437,37.944633,37.944787,37.94504,37.945569,37.946102,37.946213,37.946418,37.946667,37.946765,37.946851,37.946912,37.94702,37.947382,37.947608,37.947929,37.948391,37.948521,37.948992,37.949128,37.949168,37.94946,37.949543,37.949666,37.949801,37.949987,37.950204,37.950329,37.950523,37.950662,37.950788,37.950971,37.95114,37.951175,37.951283,37.951549,37.951669,37.951823,37.952088,37.952283,37.952342,37.952455,37.952535,37.952597,37.952704,37.952871,37.953299,37.95426,37.954805,37.954877,37.955353,37.955663,37.956294,37.956368,37.95662,37.956979,37.957117,37.957394,37.957616,37.957888,37.95807,37.958298,37.958459,37.958966,37.959514,37.959954,37.961061,37.96148,37.962291,37.962477,37.963118,37.963213,37.963562,37.964786,37.965,37.965224,37.965447,37.965645,37.965917,37.966252,37.966599,37.966883,37.967047,37.967202,37.967378,37.967503,37.967584,37.967898,37.968182,37.96855,37.968952,37.969305,37.9695,37.969662,37.96996,37.970584,37.971267,37.971775,37.972118,37.97223,37.972345,37.972481,37.972502,37.972548,37.972575,37.972639,37.972778,37.972946,37.973323,37.973501,37.973628,37.973694,37.973798,37.973908,37.974044,37.974297,37.974571,37.974867,37.975009,37.975062,37.975129,37.975207,37.975297,37.97562,37.975799,37.975933,37.976104,37.976665,37.976937,37.977353,37.9781,37.978253,37.978687,37.980042,37.980522,37.981077,37.981304,37.98147,37.98151,37.981591,37.981801,37.981911,37.98247,37.982733,37.982798,37.982845,37.982893,37.982935,37.983008,37.983039,37.983578,37.983824,37.984133,37.98436,37.984584,37.984761,37.985023,37.985888,37.986092,37.987051,37.988403,37.989538,37.990621,37.990763,37.991017,37.991206,37.991383,37.991561,37.991727,37.991857,37.992446,37.993417,37.993418,37.993416,37.993408,37.993385,37.993357,37.993287,37.993222,37.992819,37.992569,37.992411,37.991285,37.991167,37.991109,37.99105,37.991029,37.991013,37.990998,37.990996,37.991022,37.991061,37.991092,37.991149,37.991197,37.991259,37.991335,37.991539,37.991893,37.991928,37.992066,37.992128,37.992271,37.992316,37.992354,37.992394,37.992452,37.992492,37.992564,37.992616,37.992656,37.992767,37.992938,37.993085,37.993572,37.993856,37.994197,37.99499,37.995731,37.996166,37.996317,37.996701,37.996963,37.997338,37.997794,37.998108,37.998262,37.998601,37.998655,37.998908,37.999053,37.999446,37.999667,37.999793,38.000216,38.000435,38.00058,38.000659,38.000783,38.00089,38.001037,38.001182,38.001332,38.001519,38.001814,38.002693,38.002816,38.00296,38.003168,38.003277,38.00375,38.004652,38.004829,38.005044,38.005145,38.005254,38.005172,38.005128,38.005079,38.005041,38.005021,38.004998,38.004961,38.004864,38.004716,38.004618,38.004579,38.004553,38.004521,38.004512,38.004503,38.0045,38.004512,38.004677,38.004681,38.00529,38.006568,38.006907,38.007283,38.007594,38.007848,38.00798,38.008316,38.008451,38.008613,38.008931,38.00964,38.009886,38.010128,38.01152,38.012594,38.012746,38.013596,38.013971,38.014709,38.014983,38.015272,38.015596,38.01587,38.01603,38.016178,38.016389,38.016487,38.016713,38.017111,38.017646,38.017975,38.018312,38.018462,38.018817,38.019144,38.019324,38.019937,38.020666,38.020796,38.021225,38.021604,38.022285,38.022548,38.023254,38.023346,38.023552,38.023741,38.024109,38.024367,38.024461,38.024541,38.02457,38.024609,38.024698,38.024773,38.024823,38.024839,38.024841,38.024847,38.024844,38.024823,38.024794,38.024777,38.02478,38.024786,38.024809,38.024896,38.024925,38.024957,38.025004,38.025064,38.025207,38.025262,38.02563,38.025694,38.025815,38.025949,38.026056,38.026244,38.026548,38.026714,38.026951,38.027178,38.027488,38.027552,38.027707,38.027853,38.02792,38.028042,38.028149,38.028282,38.028415,38.028517,38.028681,38.029239,38.029401,38.029522,38.029759,38.029866,38.030139,38.030297,38.030454,38.030677,38.03137,38.031668,38.032125,38.032189,38.032417,38.032873,38.033241,38.033555,38.033679,38.033807,38.033969,38.034332,38.035557,38.036205,38.036316,38.036613,38.037041,38.037191,38.03749,38.03771,38.037888,38.038061,38.038145,38.038406,38.038597,38.038829,38.03967,38.039786,38.040022,38.040262,38.040544,38.04095,38.041851,38.042249,38.042971,38.043802,38.044151,38.044218,38.044356,38.044486,38.044608,38.044651,38.044752,38.044841,38.044883,38.044936,38.044999,38.045049,38.045079,38.045129,38.045251,38.045337,38.045387,38.045398,38.0454,38.045395,38.045371,38.045335,38.045286,38.045154,38.045091,38.045025,38.044973,38.044949,38.044924,38.044925,38.044929,38.044943,38.044973,38.045017,38.045169,38.045252,38.045348,38.045516,38.045669,38.045761,38.045942,38.045997,38.046026,38.04625,38.046424,38.046521,38.046683,38.047033,38.047215,38.047409,38.047518,38.047636,38.048051,38.048181,38.048389,38.048572,38.048974,38.049352,38.049407,38.049461,38.049651,38.049851,38.050116,38.050383,38.050609,38.050819,38.050966,38.051371,38.051709,38.052024,38.052418,38.05275,38.052873,38.053052,38.053169,38.053226,38.053423,38.054129,38.054324,38.054487,38.055064,38.055198,38.055472,38.055524,38.056253,38.056364,38.056558,38.056726,38.056763,38.056978,38.057193,38.057266,38.057678,38.057961,38.058252,38.058549,38.05861,38.059365,38.059638,38.061193,38.061508,38.061987,38.062138,38.062282,38.062391,38.062493,38.062585,38.06271,38.062853,38.062893,38.062959,38.063069,38.063464,38.063537,38.063728,38.06393,38.064231,38.065292,38.065528,38.065586,38.065794,38.066307,38.067031,38.067129,38.067434,38.067666,38.068147,38.069244,38.06941,38.06982,38.070123,38.070227,38.070845,38.071014,38.071145,38.072069,38.072242,38.072399,38.072941,38.07319,38.073501,38.073749,38.073955,38.074576,38.075089,38.076096,38.076711,38.076997,38.077809,38.078334,38.078491,38.078874,38.078961,38.07917,38.07948,38.079719,38.08077,38.080962,38.081083,38.081313,38.081427,38.081637,38.082092,38.082162,38.0822,38.082251,38.08228,38.082308,38.082404,38.082502,38.082632,38.082681,38.082715,38.082735,38.082741,38.082746,38.082778,38.082825,38.083103,38.0832,38.083271,38.083339,38.083629,38.08377,38.083887,38.083959,38.084025,38.084076,38.084112,38.084122,38.084149,38.084179,38.084187,38.084185,38.084171,38.084143,38.084095,38.084029,38.083935,38.083848,38.083753,38.083682,38.083628,38.083582,38.083532,38.083524,38.083484,38.083433,38.083336,38.083267,38.083191,38.083127,38.082986,38.082541,38.082463,38.082309,38.082279,38.082268,38.082261,38.08227,38.082283,38.082417,38.082536,38.082616,38.082678,38.082767,38.082832,38.082923,38.083486,38.083608,38.083766,38.083978,38.084105,38.084202,38.084338,38.084432,38.084527,38.084617,38.084655,38.084714,38.084725,38.084731,38.084778,38.084795,38.084831,38.084886,38.084919,38.084934,38.084958,38.084992,38.085021,38.085043,38.085079,38.085186,38.085296,38.085137,38.084339,38.083639,38.083109,38.082838,38.081939,38.081238,38.080938,38.080838,38.080738,38.080338,38.079925,38.079837,38.079692,38.079537,38.079437,38.079237,38.079148,38.079137,38.078937,38.078537,38.078437,38.078437,38.078537,38.078537,38.078337,38.078237,38.078237,38.078537,38.078737,38.078737,38.078737,38.078737,38.078687,38.078594,38.078537,38.078537,38.078737,38.078613,38.078575,38.078537,38.077437,38.076937,38.076137,38.075937,38.075944,38.076037,38.076137,38.076337,38.076337,38.076237,38.076037,38.075437,38.074837,38.074537,38.073837,38.073237,38.072437,38.071837,38.071537,38.070937,38.070653,38.070437,38.069437,38.068537,38.067537,38.067137,38.066337,38.066222,38.065937,38.065637,38.065137,38.064237,38.063337,38.063137,38.063237,38.063237,38.062637,38.061537,38.060337,38.059437,38.058737,38.058437,38.058437,38.058237,38.057837,38.057837,38.057449,38.057437,38.057259,38.056737,38.056337,38.055737,38.055255,38.055237,38.054737,38.054237,38.053737,38.053137,38.052537,38.052037,38.051737,38.051737,38.051937,38.052637,38.053037,38.053054,38.053337,38.053437,38.053137,38.053137,38.053137,38.053037,38.052837,38.052763,38.052637,38.052337,38.051737,38.051237,38.051221,38.050837,38.050537,38.049537,38.049437,38.049337,38.049137,38.049137,38.049037,38.048937,38.048937,38.048837,38.048637,38.048437,38.048237,38.048337,38.048637,38.048837,38.049437,38.049937,38.050337,38.050637,38.050937,38.051337,38.051737,38.051937,38.051992,38.052137,38.052337,38.052437,38.052437,38.052437,38.052537,38.052537,38.052537,38.052687,38.052837,38.052837,38.052837,38.052537,38.052237,38.051837,38.051637,38.051437,38.051337,38.051137,38.050837,38.050037,38.049537,38.049137,38.048937,38.048637,38.048337,38.047937,38.047637,38.047037,38.045837,38.045537,38.044937,38.044437,38.043437,38.043378,38.043137,38.042137,38.042037,38.041637,38.041437,38.040937,38.040837,38.040837,38.040837,38.040937,38.040737,38.040237,38.039637,38.039037,38.038537,38.038237,38.037737,38.037237,38.03707,38.037037,38.037137,38.037437,38.037937,38.038537,38.038837,38.038957,38.039237,38.039237,38.039237,38.039037,38.038737,38.038437,38.038237,38.037637,38.037337,38.037137,38.036937,38.036737,38.035338,38.035238,38.035138,38.034938,38.034738,38.034538,38.034238,38.033838,38.033338,38.032938,38.031738,38.031038,38.030138,38.029538,38.029338,38.028738,38.028438,38.027238,38.026738,38.026338,38.025738,38.025338,38.024538,38.024338,38.024295,38.021805,38.02169,38.021618,38.020778,38.020255,38.020515,38.020536,38.021811,38.022462,38.025322,38.025575,38.02652,38.030352,38.031551,38.031787,38.032213,38.032217,38.032435,38.031606,38.03142,38.029891,38.029094,38.028974,38.028834,38.028696,38.028515,38.028327,38.028249,38.027539,38.027299,38.027218,38.026833,38.02657,38.026142,38.025988,38.025929,38.025881,38.025591,38.025559,38.025405,38.025167,38.02502,38.024842,38.024643,38.024476,38.024263,38.024132,38.023905,38.023874,38.023853,38.023748,38.023449,38.023185,38.023099,38.023031,38.02295,38.022823,38.022728,38.022674,38.022513,38.022216,38.022141,38.022064,38.021903,38.021835,38.0218,38.021779,38.021773,38.02178,38.021801,38.021859,38.02202,38.022068,38.022101,38.022125,38.022142,38.022145,38.022138,38.022123,38.02209,38.022045,38.022013,38.021954,38.021883,38.021819,38.021748,38.021544,38.021348,38.021062,38.020645,38.020105,38.019609,38.019477,38.018848,38.018138,38.017965,38.017749,38.017142,38.015878,38.015434,38.015275,38.015175,38.015104,38.015035,38.014994,38.014942,38.014873,38.014749,38.014613,38.014466,38.014407,38.014224,38.013767,38.013382,38.013095,38.012891,38.012664,38.012508,38.01238,38.011926,38.011568,38.011314,38.011142,38.010977,38.010552,38.010176,38.009922,38.009506,38.009303,38.009141,38.008979,38.008827,38.008744,38.008673,38.008648,38.00853,38.008411,38.008255,38.008229,38.008106,38.008082,38.008,38.007902,38.007791,38.007708,38.007477,38.007366,38.007207,38.007089,38.006961,38.006824,38.006565,38.005926,38.005765,38.005658,38.005426,38.005256,38.005029,38.004798,38.004654,38.004434,38.004339,38.004238,38.003529,38.003275,38.003181,38.00298,38.002792,38.002611,38.002366,38.002077,38.001805,38.00179,38.00164,38.001543,38.001454,38.001355,38.001266,38.001149,38.000961,38.000836,38.000727,38.000525,38.000469,38.000431,38.000322,38.000246,38.000189,38.000118,38.000058,37.999979,37.999808,37.999598,37.999477,37.999367,37.999267,37.999166,37.999096,37.999049,37.998997,37.998921,37.99888,37.99879,37.998668,37.998547,37.998469,37.998376,37.998262,37.998192,37.998146,37.99799,37.997869,37.997707,37.99762,37.997521,37.997196,37.997156,37.9971,37.997049,37.996994,37.996948,37.996928,37.996918,37.996916,37.996919,37.996933,37.99696,37.996879,37.996789,37.996709,37.996577,37.99637,37.996299,37.996073,37.995844,37.995468,37.995185,37.994782,37.994661,37.994517,37.993967,37.993904,37.993362,37.993197,37.993111,37.993002,37.992848,37.992646,37.992402,37.992141,37.992009,37.991941,37.991782,37.991738,37.991579,37.991408,37.991301,37.991153,37.991003,37.990186,37.990088,37.989991,37.989751,37.989645,37.98896,37.988332,37.988209,37.98806,37.987962,37.98779,37.987732,37.987616,37.987127,37.987024,37.986953,37.986769,37.986664,37.986426,37.985747,37.985598,37.985511,37.985418,37.985336,37.985284,37.98526,37.985208,37.985197,37.985133,37.985083,37.985035,37.985003,37.984984,37.984843,37.984608,37.98446,37.984369,37.984304,37.984163,37.984014,37.983894,37.98362,37.983509,37.983382,37.983265,37.9831,37.982469,37.982297,37.98223,37.982006,37.981873,37.98174,37.981623,37.981574,37.981496,37.981401,37.981339,37.981235,37.981142,37.981046,37.980994,37.980919,37.980837,37.980308,37.979918,37.979515,37.979356,37.979139,37.979028,37.978911,37.978805,37.978644,37.978475,37.978224,37.978072,37.977646,37.977394,37.977228,37.97707,37.976795,37.976549,37.976315,37.975981,37.975905,37.975599,37.975289,37.974763,37.97449,37.973854,37.973136,37.97252,37.972157,37.972082,37.971765,37.971482,37.971342,37.971183,37.971083,37.970992,37.970763,37.970436,37.970339,37.969991,37.969788,37.969127,37.968974,37.968777,37.968683,37.968611,37.968542,37.968467,37.968445,37.96824,37.968126,37.967951,37.96789,37.967853,37.96782,37.967758,37.967567,37.967444,37.967398,37.967307,37.967176,37.967099,37.966937,37.96682,37.966753,37.966633,37.966399,37.96623,37.96619,37.96606,37.965949,37.96579,37.96573,37.965648,37.965434,37.965329,37.965168,37.964919,37.964698,37.964635,37.964541,37.964294,37.964062,37.962864,37.962569,37.961757,37.961567,37.961393,37.961268,37.960966,37.960853,37.960578,37.960388,37.960296,37.960173,37.960048,37.959886,37.959434,37.959233,37.958958,37.958773,37.958617,37.958537,37.958467,37.958435,37.958426,37.958409,37.958386,37.958379,37.958389,37.958415,37.958478,37.958309,37.958252,37.958101,37.958033,37.957943,37.957847,37.957705,37.95764,37.95685,37.956764,37.956577,37.956404,37.956314,37.956059,37.955982,37.955831,37.955763,37.955693,37.955637,37.955391,37.955061,37.954587,37.95452,37.954215,37.954158,37.953882,37.953552,37.953398,37.953141,37.952699,37.952439,37.952135,37.951718,37.951614,37.951308,37.951218,37.951079,37.951032,37.950845,37.950487,37.950243,37.950055,37.949793,37.949716,37.949263,37.949118,37.948522,37.948438,37.948366,37.94789,37.947827,37.947728,37.947424,37.9473,37.946836,37.946634,37.946522,37.94628,37.946181,37.946054,37.945961,37.945834,37.94575,37.945645,37.945556,37.945372,37.945342,37.945151,37.944997,37.944935,37.944878,37.94478,37.944732,37.944613,37.944557,37.9445,37.944477,37.944376,37.944298,37.944111,37.943961,37.943747,37.943625,37.943474,37.943293,37.942921,37.942732,37.942663,37.942598,37.942462,37.942344,37.942216,37.941979,37.941797,37.941722,37.941594,37.94158,37.941525,37.941466,37.941401,37.941363,37.941305,37.941248,37.941171,37.94109,37.940984,37.940896,37.940813,37.940691,37.940582,37.940453,37.940382,37.940181,37.940099,37.939916,37.9398,37.939724,37.939553,37.939486,37.939354,37.938938,37.93861,37.938496,37.938264,37.937944,37.937841,37.937589,37.937395,37.937094,37.936839,37.936587,37.936491,37.936425,37.936226,37.935999,37.935841,37.935717,37.935458,37.935154,37.935062,37.934674,37.934226,37.933696,37.933306,37.932724,37.932582,37.932515,37.932454,37.932261,37.932142,37.93206,37.931774,37.931679,37.931599,37.931502,37.931404,37.931354,37.93127,37.931204,37.931102,37.931051,37.930918,37.930848,37.930767,37.930693,37.930643,37.930588,37.930508,37.930435,37.93031,37.930182,37.930055,37.929938,37.929888,37.92974,37.928957,37.928783,37.928093,37.927964,37.927785,37.927074,37.926931,37.926376,37.926008,37.925119,37.924987,37.924677,37.924563,37.924293,37.924096,37.92397,37.923885,37.923834,37.923738,37.923627,37.923529,37.923065,37.922939,37.922801,37.922643,37.922296,37.921958,37.921499,37.921262,37.921101,37.920934,37.920762,37.920653,37.920562,37.920316,37.920109,37.919815,37.919489,37.919449,37.91936,37.919199,37.918455,37.917917,37.917763,37.917601,37.917515,37.917498,37.917365,37.917325,37.917259,37.917145,37.917011,37.916864,37.916607,37.91642,37.916238,37.915917,37.915555,37.915236,37.914922,37.914424,37.914173,37.913914,37.913698,37.913406,37.913176,37.913048,37.912755,37.91215,37.912068,37.911916,37.911662,37.910963,37.910824,37.910524,37.910181,37.909662,37.909248,37.90917,37.909089,37.908964,37.90883,37.908548,37.908243,37.908124,37.908036,37.907771,37.907439,37.907047,37.906936,37.906615,37.906336,37.906228,37.905759,37.905101,37.904679,37.904566,37.904285,37.903964,37.903921,37.903857,37.903776,37.903681,37.903555,37.903483,37.903443,37.90338,37.903318,37.90323,37.903152,37.902897,37.902858,37.902654,37.902451,37.902326,37.902149,37.90214,37.902013,37.901852,37.901783,37.90168,37.90159,37.901528,37.901388,37.901307,37.901168,37.901053,37.900891,37.900816,37.900766,37.900498,37.90026,37.900123,37.900001,37.899941,37.899418,37.899328,37.89919,37.899111,37.898853,37.898537,37.898133,37.89801,37.897792,37.897455,37.897288,37.897122,37.896996,37.896838,37.896668,37.896552,37.896235,37.896089,37.896008,37.895958,37.895516,37.895294,37.89503,37.894916,37.894798,37.89462,37.89408,37.894008,37.893964,37.893828,37.893782,37.893326,37.892939,37.892787,37.892315,37.891866,37.891703,37.891572,37.891126,37.891076,37.890779,37.889822,37.889731,37.889573,37.88941,37.889241,37.888561,37.888391,37.887135,37.886847,37.88654,37.885814,37.885653,37.885642,37.885384,37.885172,37.884441,37.884206,37.88397,37.883635,37.88339,37.883147,37.882905,37.882368,37.882123,37.881931,37.881788,37.881269,37.880962,37.880685,37.880412,37.879262,37.878625,37.878067,37.877724,37.877446,37.877305,37.876299,37.87614,37.875936,37.875693,37.875499,37.87531,37.8751,37.874944,37.874825,37.874799,37.874715,37.874139,37.874083,37.873179,37.873024,37.872865,37.872791,37.87176,37.871639,37.871397,37.870698,37.870046,37.86992,37.869688,37.869318,37.869016,37.86877,37.868513,37.868398,37.868257,37.867721,37.867607,37.867318,37.867005,37.865824,37.86539,37.865059,37.864963,37.864849,37.864729,37.864647,37.86459,37.86453,37.864426,37.864191,37.864015,37.863704,37.863442,37.863409,37.863316,37.863209,37.863119,37.862603,37.862523,37.862379,37.862044,37.861973,37.861665,37.861583,37.861484,37.860776,37.860255,37.859969,37.857768,37.857271,37.856506,37.856045,37.855276,37.854919,37.854255,37.852762,37.85234,37.851698,37.850644,37.85043,37.850337,37.850112,37.849722,37.849525,37.849324,37.849133,37.848082,37.847384,37.847222,37.847101,37.847013,37.846924,37.846863,37.846807,37.84673,37.846696,37.846658,37.846632,37.846442,37.846384,37.846277,37.846185,37.846126,37.846079,37.846075,37.846019,37.845971,37.845944,37.845879,37.845859,37.845811,37.845546,37.845518,37.845506,37.845496,37.845453,37.845378,37.845355,37.845341,37.845336,37.84535,37.845355,37.845331,37.845329,37.845314,37.845286,37.845243,37.845186,37.845112,37.845025,37.844927,37.844898,37.844561,37.844017,37.843283,37.843204,37.843138,37.843035,37.842971,37.842895,37.842853,37.84279,37.842714,37.842627,37.842529,37.84231,37.841873,37.841564,37.84136,37.840967,37.840801,37.840425,37.840257,37.840098,37.840037,37.839495,37.839224,37.838404,37.838201,37.837686,37.837603,37.837533,37.837212,37.836645,37.83565,37.835509,37.835397,37.835282,37.835098,37.834961,37.834373,37.834108,37.833447,37.833066,37.832988,37.832611,37.832159,37.831962,37.831769,37.831655,37.83139,37.830745,37.830394,37.829954,37.829685,37.829235,37.829111,37.828993,37.828863,37.828802,37.82945,37.82991,37.830423,37.830654,37.830894,37.831378,37.831935,37.832065,37.832162,37.832273,37.832472,37.832702,37.833134,37.83333,37.833465,37.833569,37.834319,37.835334,37.83617,37.836513,37.837068,37.837289,37.83752,37.838039,37.838915,37.839314,37.839485,37.839663,37.83981,37.839991,37.840096,37.84005,37.839992,37.839938,37.839636,37.839025,37.83886,37.838705,37.838561,37.838455,37.838327,37.838151,37.837924,37.83781,37.837687,37.837556,37.837417,37.837338,37.837131,37.836868,37.836646,37.836286,37.836063,37.835941,37.835802,37.835134,37.835052,37.83485,37.834655,37.834508,37.834319,37.834124,37.833907,37.833765,37.833333,37.832641,37.831776,37.831697,37.831077,37.830844,37.830192,37.83015,37.830067,37.829986,37.829848,37.829705,37.829557,37.828818,37.828558,37.828457,37.828334,37.828043,37.827837,37.827208,37.827194,37.826952,37.826683,37.826448,37.826312,37.826214,37.826112,37.825997,37.826077,37.826171,37.826325,37.826484,37.826624,37.826773,37.827359,37.827433,37.8277,37.82778,37.827861,37.828086,37.828289,37.82844,37.828464,37.828852,37.828936,37.829019,37.829259,37.8294,37.829588,37.829706,37.829872,37.8299,37.830026,37.830077,37.830094,37.830178,37.830626,37.831537,37.8321,37.832351,37.833281,37.833366,37.834293,37.834349,37.835281,37.835886,37.836054,37.83652,37.837533,37.838341,37.837678,37.837325,37.837405,37.837442,37.837844,37.837985,37.838013,37.838045,37.838458,37.838634,37.838744,37.838846,37.838964,37.839243,37.839286,37.839325,37.839422,37.840312,37.840396,37.840418,37.840499,37.840565,37.840666,37.84081,37.840687,37.840657,37.84067,37.840706,37.840764,37.841267,37.841311,37.84162,37.842112,37.843129,37.843244,37.843329,37.844603,37.844645,37.844953,37.845028,37.849927,37.849992,37.850097,37.850336,37.850641,37.851036,37.851425,37.851958,37.852647,37.852525,37.852303,37.851983,37.851445,37.851472,37.851479,37.851512,37.85152,37.8516,37.851704,37.851745,37.851671,37.851644,37.851686,37.851777,37.851817,37.851842,37.851891,37.851908,37.851945,37.852037,37.852066,37.852082,37.852099,37.852114,37.852122,37.852134,37.852143,37.852154,37.852164,37.852173,37.852183,37.852188,37.852192,37.852196,37.852197,37.852205,37.85221,37.852214,37.85222,37.852231,37.852241,37.852247,37.85226,37.852268,37.852286,37.852292,37.852296,37.852301,37.852302,37.852303,37.852305,37.85231,37.852317,37.85233,37.852344,37.852353,37.852363,37.852408,37.852411,37.852418,37.852455,37.852459,37.852485,37.852495,37.852497,37.8525,37.8525,37.852498,37.852494,37.852492,37.85249,37.85249,37.852492,37.852495,37.852503,37.852508,37.852514,37.852521,37.852532,37.852554,37.852556,37.852551,37.852544,37.852532,37.852528,37.852527,37.852528,37.852532,37.852539,37.852563,37.852577,37.852585,37.852586,37.852581,37.852578,37.852564,37.852559,37.852559,37.852562,37.852566,37.852586,37.852596,37.852605,37.852609,37.852612,37.852613,37.852612,37.852609,37.852606,37.8526,37.852591,37.852582,37.852575,37.852568,37.852561,37.852554,37.852545,37.852546,37.852532,37.852518,37.852505,37.85159,37.85146,37.851417,37.851354,37.851488,37.851933,37.85193,37.851922,37.851818,37.851806,37.851792,37.851767,37.851926,37.851933,37.852029,37.852461,37.852477,37.85272,37.852731,37.852821,37.852884,37.852623,37.852511,37.852478,37.852467,37.852423,37.852625,37.852633,37.854371,37.854541,37.854921,37.85499,37.85505,37.855287,37.855647,37.855733,37.856345,37.856742,37.857364,37.857453,37.857522,37.858486,37.858794,37.858872,37.859327,37.859363]}]],[[{"lng":[-77.892891,-77.892259,-77.891942,-77.891604,-77.891514,-77.890944,-77.890458,-77.890209,-77.89019,-77.889619,-77.889595,-77.889154,-77.889135,-77.889049,-77.888989,-77.888966,-77.888707,-77.88831,-77.88824,-77.887849,-77.887767,-77.88773,-77.887663,-77.887601,-77.887428,-77.88737,-77.887317,-77.887301,-77.887056,-77.88704,-77.886868,-77.886614,-77.886575,-77.886479,-77.886179,-77.886059,-77.885877,-77.887438,-77.887912,-77.888513,-77.888524,-77.888791,-77.889072,-77.889145,-77.88927,-77.889407,-77.889525,-77.889713,-77.890042,-77.890551,-77.890688,-77.890798,-77.890983,-77.89117,-77.891917,-77.892821,-77.892891],"lat":[37.763494,37.764233,37.764606,37.764202,37.764095,37.763382,37.76396,37.764256,37.764239,37.763807,37.763787,37.7634,37.763383,37.763308,37.763257,37.763238,37.763011,37.762663,37.762605,37.762277,37.762208,37.762177,37.762138,37.762101,37.761949,37.7619,37.761853,37.76184,37.761626,37.761613,37.761463,37.761242,37.761209,37.761128,37.760877,37.760776,37.760624,37.76071,37.760736,37.760768,37.760774,37.760934,37.761146,37.761223,37.76133,37.761427,37.761498,37.761589,37.761751,37.762003,37.762091,37.762162,37.762278,37.762401,37.762876,37.763447,37.763494]}],[{"lng":[-77.919229,-77.919224,-77.919193,-77.919051,-77.919004,-77.918939,-77.918857,-77.918799,-77.918731,-77.918693,-77.918025,-77.917811,-77.917285,-77.917216,-77.91644,-77.91588,-77.915584,-77.915487,-77.915339,-77.915225,-77.915094,-77.914978,-77.914855,-77.914748,-77.91471,-77.914454,-77.914405,-77.914367,-77.914313,-77.914257,-77.91421,-77.914131,-77.914049,-77.914011,-77.913917,-77.913807,-77.913683,-77.913545,-77.913213,-77.912933,-77.912717,-77.912517,-77.912276,-77.912046,-77.911828,-77.911084,-77.910697,-77.910615,-77.910503,-77.910381,-77.910349,-77.910273,-77.9102,-77.910093,-77.90997,-77.90963,-77.908811,-77.908311,-77.908059,-77.907793,-77.907058,-77.906612,-77.905215,-77.903497,-77.902212,-77.902023,-77.901778,-77.901424,-77.900631,-77.900222,-77.899868,-77.899692,-77.89956,-77.899408,-77.898797,-77.898273,-77.897992,-77.897723,-77.896974,-77.896293,-77.895322,-77.895264,-77.895162,-77.895091,-77.895037,-77.89492,-77.894843,-77.894674,-77.894517,-77.89419,-77.894072,-77.894026,-77.893963,-77.893917,-77.893798,-77.893682,-77.893654,-77.893518,-77.893294,-77.893187,-77.892903,-77.892827,-77.892703,-77.892613,-77.892521,-77.892384,-77.891278,-77.890704,-77.89039,-77.890322,-77.890241,-77.889737,-77.889514,-77.888507,-77.888154,-77.887395,-77.887319,-77.88714,-77.886976,-77.886677,-77.886551,-77.886258,-77.886091,-77.885834,-77.885404,-77.885169,-77.885045,-77.88491,-77.884763,-77.884608,-77.884478,-77.884186,-77.883982,-77.883711,-77.883572,-77.883443,-77.882493,-77.881859,-77.88143,-77.881389,-77.881237,-77.88107,-77.880893,-77.880717,-77.880536,-77.880337,-77.880135,-77.879974,-77.879362,-77.87893,-77.878535,-77.878306,-77.878124,-77.877943,-77.877522,-77.877247,-77.87718,-77.877095,-77.876782,-77.874504,-77.873974,-77.873641,-77.872342,-77.871942,-77.871443,-77.870989,-77.870958,-77.870683,-77.870407,-77.870026,-77.86952,-77.869214,-77.867971,-77.867751,-77.867476,-77.867258,-77.866835,-77.866629,-77.866465,-77.866278,-77.866134,-77.865978,-77.865796,-77.865107,-77.864091,-77.863928,-77.863744,-77.864008,-77.86452,-77.864784,-77.864874,-77.865054,-77.865872,-77.866315,-77.866558,-77.867536,-77.867945,-77.868167,-77.8685,-77.86868,-77.868953,-77.869131,-77.869992,-77.870096,-77.870263,-77.870395,-77.870429,-77.870478,-77.870797,-77.870859,-77.871088,-77.87122,-77.8711,-77.870297,-77.87014,-77.869922,-77.869701,-77.869611,-77.868777,-77.867834,-77.867299,-77.866665,-77.866412,-77.866302,-77.866218,-77.866119,-77.866004,-77.865919,-77.865862,-77.86571,-77.865512,-77.864989,-77.864846,-77.864743,-77.864697,-77.864442,-77.864363,-77.864299,-77.864135,-77.863957,-77.86371,-77.863379,-77.863154,-77.863027,-77.862332,-77.861587,-77.86133,-77.861201,-77.860095,-77.860019,-77.859843,-77.859655,-77.858434,-77.858364,-77.857628,-77.857528,-77.857498,-77.857382,-77.857263,-77.857138,-77.857047,-77.856973,-77.856903,-77.85683,-77.856757,-77.856211,-77.856146,-77.856005,-77.855814,-77.855461,-77.8551,-77.854507,-77.854362,-77.854233,-77.854113,-77.853919,-77.853856,-77.853782,-77.853704,-77.853573,-77.853525,-77.853495,-77.853484,-77.853492,-77.853518,-77.853562,-77.853755,-77.853796,-77.853821,-77.853821,-77.853824,-77.853788,-77.853745,-77.853688,-77.853337,-77.853289,-77.853095,-77.853028,-77.852943,-77.852841,-77.852767,-77.851966,-77.851718,-77.85167,-77.851288,-77.851176,-77.851033,-77.850632,-77.850207,-77.85007,-77.849739,-77.84932,-77.84927,-77.849121,-77.849066,-77.848974,-77.848204,-77.847922,-77.847723,-77.847506,-77.847035,-77.846604,-77.845721,-77.845613,-77.845449,-77.845173,-77.844606,-77.844397,-77.844085,-77.843792,-77.843577,-77.843265,-77.842975,-77.842357,-77.841871,-77.841608,-77.840673,-77.83988,-77.839214,-77.839031,-77.838744,-77.838575,-77.837501,-77.83736,-77.837107,-77.8368,-77.836343,-77.835755,-77.835654,-77.835485,-77.835163,-77.834905,-77.834565,-77.834353,-77.834033,-77.833836,-77.833596,-77.833365,-77.833231,-77.832848,-77.832573,-77.832553,-77.832276,-77.832112,-77.831867,-77.831605,-77.831545,-77.831007,-77.830833,-77.830587,-77.830426,-77.830246,-77.830143,-77.829932,-77.829598,-77.829318,-77.829056,-77.828824,-77.82865,-77.828685,-77.828697,-77.828697,-77.82872,-77.828754,-77.828779,-77.828786,-77.828802,-77.828808,-77.828819,-77.828833,-77.828823,-77.828794,-77.828774,-77.828735,-77.828652,-77.828623,-77.828627,-77.828638,-77.828653,-77.828667,-77.828754,-77.82891,-77.828982,-77.829032,-77.829056,-77.829233,-77.82929,-77.829338,-77.829369,-77.829516,-77.829589,-77.82963,-77.829672,-77.82976,-77.829797,-77.829828,-77.829876,-77.829925,-77.829945,-77.830013,-77.830077,-77.830141,-77.830189,-77.830238,-77.830305,-77.830316,-77.830311,-77.83029,-77.830269,-77.830251,-77.830208,-77.830198,-77.830166,-77.830094,-77.830015,-77.829775,-77.829457,-77.829379,-77.829329,-77.829314,-77.829177,-77.829036,-77.828936,-77.828784,-77.828713,-77.82861,-77.828424,-77.82823,-77.828025,-77.827744,-77.827201,-77.826785,-77.826359,-77.826137,-77.825907,-77.825666,-77.824715,-77.824507,-77.82431,-77.82416,-77.824088,-77.82399,-77.823875,-77.823747,-77.823581,-77.823517,-77.823361,-77.823287,-77.822854,-77.822675,-77.822406,-77.82234,-77.821959,-77.821867,-77.821808,-77.821433,-77.821346,-77.820907,-77.820803,-77.820762,-77.820658,-77.820523,-77.820358,-77.82015,-77.820003,-77.819811,-77.819651,-77.819445,-77.819114,-77.818681,-77.818346,-77.817767,-77.817588,-77.81736,-77.817228,-77.817097,-77.817028,-77.816894,-77.816784,-77.816692,-77.816593,-77.81622,-77.816128,-77.815976,-77.81574,-77.815654,-77.815578,-77.815399,-77.814726,-77.814302,-77.813712,-77.813228,-77.812799,-77.812709,-77.812384,-77.812139,-77.812016,-77.811856,-77.811618,-77.811392,-77.811332,-77.811225,-77.810951,-77.810688,-77.810349,-77.810096,-77.809793,-77.809675,-77.809251,-77.808909,-77.808761,-77.808292,-77.807708,-77.80753,-77.807454,-77.807236,-77.807162,-77.807063,-77.80693,-77.806881,-77.806794,-77.806757,-77.806699,-77.806641,-77.806566,-77.806509,-77.806438,-77.806334,-77.806233,-77.806129,-77.806032,-77.805918,-77.805822,-77.805627,-77.805359,-77.805045,-77.80494,-77.804414,-77.80418,-77.803728,-77.803314,-77.803133,-77.802951,-77.802783,-77.802721,-77.802643,-77.802435,-77.802005,-77.801948,-77.801781,-77.801761,-77.801698,-77.801664,-77.801664,-77.801705,-77.801664,-77.801574,-77.801511,-77.801248,-77.801061,-77.800839,-77.800686,-77.800333,-77.800194,-77.799938,-77.799813,-77.799612,-77.799557,-77.799473,-77.799279,-77.799168,-77.799064,-77.79896,-77.798843,-77.798572,-77.798475,-77.798246,-77.798149,-77.79756,-77.797408,-77.797241,-77.796999,-77.796874,-77.796687,-77.796194,-77.796042,-77.795924,-77.795772,-77.795148,-77.79487,-77.794746,-77.794593,-77.794496,-77.794122,-77.79381,-77.793436,-77.793151,-77.793027,-77.792812,-77.792375,-77.79008,-77.789457,-77.78895,-77.787938,-77.787058,-77.786087,-77.785533,-77.785499,-77.785436,-77.7852,-77.785027,-77.784909,-77.784673,-77.784396,-77.783525,-77.783419,-77.783003,-77.782913,-77.782788,-77.782677,-77.782559,-77.782303,-77.781984,-77.78179,-77.781707,-77.781423,-77.781146,-77.780598,-77.780501,-77.780397,-77.779732,-77.779544,-77.779468,-77.779344,-77.779101,-77.779018,-77.77897,-77.778956,-77.778963,-77.778963,-77.778935,-77.77881,-77.778443,-77.778228,-77.77811,-77.777993,-77.777792,-77.77696,-77.776558,-77.776391,-77.776072,-77.775975,-77.775864,-77.775629,-77.775532,-77.775428,-77.775109,-77.774943,-77.774894,-77.774853,-77.774763,-77.774714,-77.774659,-77.774569,-77.774416,-77.77427,-77.774104,-77.773945,-77.773439,-77.772508,-77.772482,-77.772281,-77.771601,-77.771331,-77.770707,-77.770478,-77.770215,-77.769716,-77.76957,-77.768849,-77.768627,-77.768516,-77.768461,-77.768426,-77.768239,-77.768169,-77.768114,-77.767906,-77.767857,-77.767781,-77.767704,-77.767711,-77.767579,-77.767462,-77.767358,-77.767149,-77.766886,-77.766602,-77.76613,-77.765929,-77.765631,-77.765506,-77.765381,-77.765277,-77.765222,-77.765194,-77.765187,-77.765201,-77.765249,-77.765367,-77.765374,-77.765367,-77.765283,-77.765221,-77.764965,-77.76468,-77.764632,-77.764507,-77.764472,-77.764348,-77.764285,-77.764223,-77.764154,-77.763662,-77.763558,-77.763253,-77.762535,-77.761209,-77.760767,-77.760323,-77.759119,-77.758587,-77.758047,-77.757875,-77.75781,-77.757619,-77.757306,-77.756833,-77.756298,-77.755442,-77.75538,-77.755234,-77.7545,-77.754212,-77.753296,-77.752548,-77.752024,-77.751619,-77.751421,-77.750876,-77.750661,-77.750406,-77.75031,-77.750367,-77.750524,-77.750783,-77.750979,-77.751111,-77.751127,-77.751092,-77.750977,-77.750784,-77.750192,-77.74992,-77.749795,-77.749123,-77.748533,-77.748353,-77.747984,-77.747721,-77.747293,-77.747065,-77.74623,-77.745509,-77.744628,-77.743858,-77.743522,-77.743272,-77.742636,-77.7418,-77.74093,-77.74058,-77.740442,-77.740386,-77.740319,-77.740096,-77.739964,-77.739153,-77.739049,-77.738741,-77.738391,-77.738028,-77.737855,-77.737498,-77.737052,-77.73562,-77.735409,-77.735271,-77.734465,-77.734247,-77.733975,-77.733577,-77.733273,-77.733007,-77.732811,-77.732347,-77.732223,-77.731724,-77.731502,-77.731044,-77.730446,-77.729837,-77.729596,-77.729373,-77.728925,-77.728714,-77.728216,-77.728052,-77.727949,-77.727839,-77.727676,-77.727495,-77.727143,-77.726518,-77.72611,-77.725739,-77.72521,-77.724899,-77.724504,-77.724008,-77.723578,-77.723195,-77.72314,-77.722268,-77.722095,-77.722057,-77.721962,-77.722007,-77.723272,-77.723788,-77.725995,-77.727303,-77.727514,-77.727644,-77.728259,-77.728905,-77.729055,-77.729295,-77.732406,-77.732464,-77.732485,-77.735911,-77.737026,-77.737098,-77.737112,-77.737132,-77.737208,-77.737253,-77.73734,-77.737447,-77.737613,-77.737776,-77.737932,-77.738662,-77.739745,-77.739923,-77.739981,-77.740288,-77.74032,-77.741048,-77.74246,-77.743208,-77.743844,-77.744524,-77.744545,-77.745274,-77.745455,-77.745537,-77.745901,-77.746645,-77.746792,-77.747281,-77.747292,-77.747364,-77.747432,-77.747506,-77.747541,-77.748131,-77.749103,-77.749147,-77.749202,-77.749643,-77.749668,-77.749992,-77.750017,-77.750031,-77.750042,-77.750047,-77.750037,-77.749916,-77.749706,-77.749319,-77.74906,-77.748739,-77.749524,-77.750268,-77.750365,-77.750873,-77.751073,-77.751283,-77.751652,-77.751747,-77.751861,-77.75192,-77.75198,-77.752008,-77.752066,-77.752116,-77.75214,-77.752165,-77.752235,-77.752266,-77.752301,-77.752333,-77.752396,-77.752427,-77.752456,-77.752484,-77.752515,-77.752695,-77.752824,-77.75293,-77.753067,-77.753159,-77.753261,-77.753382,-77.753555,-77.753618,-77.753633,-77.753678,-77.753727,-77.753759,-77.753802,-77.753823,-77.753833,-77.753877,-77.753889,-77.753928,-77.754,-77.754026,-77.754097,-77.754173,-77.754198,-77.754222,-77.754246,-77.754271,-77.754295,-77.754324,-77.754486,-77.754645,-77.754743,-77.754792,-77.754845,-77.754891,-77.754929,-77.754986,-77.755051,-77.755115,-77.755181,-77.755193,-77.755244,-77.75526,-77.755287,-77.755384,-77.755419,-77.755441,-77.755486,-77.755586,-77.755704,-77.755764,-77.755823,-77.755883,-77.755925,-77.755961,-77.755995,-77.756021,-77.75603,-77.756036,-77.756034,-77.756031,-77.756025,-77.756012,-77.755988,-77.755972,-77.755962,-77.755933,-77.75593,-77.755927,-77.755927,-77.755928,-77.755932,-77.755937,-77.755941,-77.755951,-77.755971,-77.755991,-77.75612,-77.756145,-77.756232,-77.756254,-77.756346,-77.756363,-77.756408,-77.756429,-77.756444,-77.756462,-77.75648,-77.75649,-77.7565,-77.756514,-77.756521,-77.756543,-77.756571,-77.756614,-77.756669,-77.756731,-77.756823,-77.756955,-77.757084,-77.757142,-77.757221,-77.757251,-77.7573,-77.757341,-77.757383,-77.757418,-77.757443,-77.757464,-77.757515,-77.757534,-77.757565,-77.75759,-77.757621,-77.75767,-77.757775,-77.758016,-77.758417,-77.758672,-77.758852,-77.759025,-77.759125,-77.759177,-77.75923,-77.759242,-77.759287,-77.759353,-77.759406,-77.759438,-77.759465,-77.759477,-77.759478,-77.759442,-77.759417,-77.7594,-77.759387,-77.759361,-77.759329,-77.759316,-77.759296,-77.759304,-77.759323,-77.759372,-77.759439,-77.759523,-77.759628,-77.759664,-77.759694,-77.759705,-77.759672,-77.759663,-77.75964,-77.759626,-77.759638,-77.759667,-77.759713,-77.759975,-77.760431,-77.760825,-77.761017,-77.761098,-77.761199,-77.761272,-77.76134,-77.761416,-77.761521,-77.761611,-77.761913,-77.762139,-77.762408,-77.762639,-77.762875,-77.763392,-77.763636,-77.763707,-77.763768,-77.763797,-77.763824,-77.763833,-77.763799,-77.763774,-77.763767,-77.763778,-77.763833,-77.763857,-77.763871,-77.763883,-77.76388,-77.763866,-77.76383,-77.763768,-77.763688,-77.763655,-77.763642,-77.76364,-77.763663,-77.763755,-77.76384,-77.764026,-77.764332,-77.765046,-77.765485,-77.765847,-77.766308,-77.766373,-77.766708,-77.766762,-77.766974,-77.767089,-77.76733,-77.767505,-77.767674,-77.768204,-77.76821,-77.770598,-77.771118,-77.772405,-77.77262,-77.772669,-77.774201,-77.774691,-77.775722,-77.777926,-77.779086,-77.779603,-77.779665,-77.779716,-77.779759,-77.781197,-77.781977,-77.782892,-77.783514,-77.78356,-77.786356,-77.786479,-77.786668,-77.787414,-77.787636,-77.787679,-77.787969,-77.788246,-77.788915,-77.789171,-77.790307,-77.790759,-77.790785,-77.79161,-77.792429,-77.79429,-77.794297,-77.794518,-77.79462,-77.794747,-77.79483,-77.795632,-77.796754,-77.796812,-77.796975,-77.797508,-77.797573,-77.798153,-77.800108,-77.800298,-77.800496,-77.800799,-77.801056,-77.80132,-77.801591,-77.801699,-77.801941,-77.802334,-77.80264,-77.802732,-77.802829,-77.803124,-77.803306,-77.803439,-77.80371,-77.803751,-77.804063,-77.804306,-77.804444,-77.80458,-77.804784,-77.804849,-77.804979,-77.805119,-77.805296,-77.805382,-77.805468,-77.805554,-77.805637,-77.805998,-77.806126,-77.806187,-77.806373,-77.806559,-77.806657,-77.806903,-77.806989,-77.807154,-77.80724,-77.807322,-77.807491,-77.807584,-77.807763,-77.807856,-77.808035,-77.808121,-77.80821,-77.808385,-77.808478,-77.808568,-77.808661,-77.80875,-77.808843,-77.809022,-77.809055,-77.808823,-77.808519,-77.809293,-77.810581,-77.81192,-77.811973,-77.8121,-77.8123,-77.812314,-77.812591,-77.812834,-77.812917,-77.813269,-77.813398,-77.813799,-77.813784,-77.813454,-77.813824,-77.813903,-77.814181,-77.814777,-77.814907,-77.814986,-77.815024,-77.815059,-77.815079,-77.815155,-77.815173,-77.815706,-77.815749,-77.815872,-77.816279,-77.816329,-77.816173,-77.815823,-77.815676,-77.815829,-77.816016,-77.816296,-77.81678,-77.816821,-77.8169,-77.816978,-77.816997,-77.817949,-77.81727,-77.816647,-77.816517,-77.817689,-77.818116,-77.818304,-77.818339,-77.818421,-77.818544,-77.818648,-77.818967,-77.819504,-77.819553,-77.81971,-77.819808,-77.820379,-77.82207,-77.822147,-77.822296,-77.822721,-77.822893,-77.823094,-77.82327,-77.82339,-77.823471,-77.825038,-77.82513,-77.825514,-77.825551,-77.825833,-77.826358,-77.826489,-77.827069,-77.827219,-77.827402,-77.827709,-77.827741,-77.827745,-77.827747,-77.827744,-77.827735,-77.827728,-77.827723,-77.827793,-77.827971,-77.828025,-77.828589,-77.829264,-77.829448,-77.829691,-77.829934,-77.830441,-77.830665,-77.831365,-77.831894,-77.832019,-77.832118,-77.832068,-77.832033,-77.832012,-77.831998,-77.831934,-77.831916,-77.831901,-77.832012,-77.832295,-77.835387,-77.835526,-77.835564,-77.837033,-77.837334,-77.837537,-77.837546,-77.837703,-77.838225,-77.838423,-77.83976,-77.840398,-77.84071,-77.8409,-77.84125,-77.84171,-77.844376,-77.84455,-77.845512,-77.845405,-77.845358,-77.845332,-77.845935,-77.846285,-77.847014,-77.847065,-77.847076,-77.846818,-77.846712,-77.846699,-77.847048,-77.848187,-77.849186,-77.849902,-77.850763,-77.850986,-77.852104,-77.852847,-77.85291,-77.853623,-77.853675,-77.853778,-77.855703,-77.858503,-77.8592,-77.859105,-77.859003,-77.858633,-77.858609,-77.858579,-77.858573,-77.858494,-77.858401,-77.858342,-77.858299,-77.857974,-77.859434,-77.85962,-77.859879,-77.860311,-77.860684,-77.862198,-77.862901,-77.86368,-77.863793,-77.86389,-77.863869,-77.863835,-77.863801,-77.863777,-77.863751,-77.86368,-77.8636,-77.863585,-77.863566,-77.863522,-77.863474,-77.863421,-77.86339,-77.863363,-77.86333,-77.863188,-77.863127,-77.863122,-77.863189,-77.863323,-77.864167,-77.866137,-77.866213,-77.866457,-77.866851,-77.867456,-77.867669,-77.868033,-77.8681,-77.868429,-77.868955,-77.870266,-77.870311,-77.878195,-77.878514,-77.87998,-77.880322,-77.881707,-77.881807,-77.881541,-77.881356,-77.881185,-77.881058,-77.880919,-77.880695,-77.880375,-77.880212,-77.879995,-77.879911,-77.879885,-77.879755,-77.879663,-77.879607,-77.879596,-77.879399,-77.879596,-77.879759,-77.880502,-77.881026,-77.88132,-77.881554,-77.881778,-77.882132,-77.88235,-77.882857,-77.883091,-77.883312,-77.883934,-77.884161,-77.884369,-77.884643,-77.884813,-77.885582,-77.885955,-77.886277,-77.886339,-77.886483,-77.886586,-77.88664,-77.887737,-77.888027,-77.888276,-77.889665,-77.889973,-77.890106,-77.890273,-77.890484,-77.890633,-77.890789,-77.890905,-77.890907,-77.890924,-77.891081,-77.892475,-77.893206,-77.893885,-77.894019,-77.894187,-77.894429,-77.89467,-77.894978,-77.895347,-77.895605,-77.89576,-77.895868,-77.896092,-77.89633,-77.89676,-77.896992,-77.897215,-77.897556,-77.897614,-77.897763,-77.898019,-77.898181,-77.898559,-77.898641,-77.898701,-77.898836,-77.898927,-77.899003,-77.899118,-77.899177,-77.899219,-77.899266,-77.899429,-77.899438,-77.899603,-77.89972,-77.899819,-77.899962,-77.900058,-77.900558,-77.900807,-77.900841,-77.900916,-77.901117,-77.901231,-77.901471,-77.901718,-77.901864,-77.901831,-77.90164,-77.901235,-77.901511,-77.901546,-77.901558,-77.901995,-77.903722,-77.903734,-77.903758,-77.90377,-77.903786,-77.903787,-77.903894,-77.904621,-77.904712,-77.90462,-77.903548,-77.903311,-77.903246,-77.903497,-77.903833,-77.904093,-77.904371,-77.904601,-77.904763,-77.904782,-77.904962,-77.905183,-77.905422,-77.905512,-77.905616,-77.905803,-77.905945,-77.906184,-77.906711,-77.906995,-77.90723,-77.907695,-77.907858,-77.9091,-77.909258,-77.90927,-77.909272,-77.909318,-77.909351,-77.909423,-77.909489,-77.909862,-77.910604,-77.910828,-77.910915,-77.910945,-77.911104,-77.911127,-77.91126,-77.9118,-77.911823,-77.910773,-77.910941,-77.910946,-77.910141,-77.909946,-77.909897,-77.909568,-77.909621,-77.909818,-77.909645,-77.908731,-77.908654,-77.908947,-77.909464,-77.90942,-77.909308,-77.909158,-77.908462,-77.908266,-77.907437,-77.907358,-77.907374,-77.907394,-77.907401,-77.907425,-77.907451,-77.907475,-77.907556,-77.907579,-77.907633,-77.907663,-77.90769,-77.90771,-77.907727,-77.90774,-77.907749,-77.907752,-77.907751,-77.907744,-77.907739,-77.907642,-77.907553,-77.907463,-77.907442,-77.907393,-77.907334,-77.907309,-77.907313,-77.907326,-77.907372,-77.907427,-77.907546,-77.907638,-77.90768,-77.907645,-77.907196,-77.907174,-77.907096,-77.90648,-77.906285,-77.905959,-77.905834,-77.905301,-77.904868,-77.90477,-77.904453,-77.90421,-77.903347,-77.902678,-77.902139,-77.90171,-77.901086,-77.900741,-77.900657,-77.900591,-77.900497,-77.900239,-77.900095,-77.899962,-77.899862,-77.899798,-77.899612,-77.899333,-77.899105,-77.898904,-77.898842,-77.898789,-77.898679,-77.89864,-77.898619,-77.898607,-77.898571,-77.898518,-77.898463,-77.898411,-77.898365,-77.898232,-77.898125,-77.898069,-77.898025,-77.897998,-77.897989,-77.897886,-77.897847,-77.897816,-77.897804,-77.897777,-77.897734,-77.897688,-77.897663,-77.897518,-77.89739,-77.897336,-77.897291,-77.897224,-77.897181,-77.897191,-77.897246,-77.897291,-77.897291,-77.897401,-77.897676,-77.900615,-77.900625,-77.899874,-77.89986,-77.902499,-77.902656,-77.904353,-77.905668,-77.905675,-77.90571,-77.905754,-77.905891,-77.905903,-77.906292,-77.906507,-77.906651,-77.90513,-77.905001,-77.904581,-77.904563,-77.904554,-77.904526,-77.904522,-77.904273,-77.904553,-77.904833,-77.905135,-77.905717,-77.906867,-77.906988,-77.907362,-77.907357,-77.907334,-77.907326,-77.907172,-77.907168,-77.907116,-77.907098,-77.907066,-77.907142,-77.907194,-77.907178,-77.907843,-77.907978,-77.908122,-77.908585,-77.909005,-77.909085,-77.90909,-77.909103,-77.90946,-77.909832,-77.909907,-77.909896,-77.914752,-77.917759,-77.917797,-77.917972,-77.918522,-77.918808,-77.918909,-77.91883,-77.918801,-77.918784,-77.918753,-77.918739,-77.918739,-77.918742,-77.918762,-77.918801,-77.918865,-77.918957,-77.919041,-77.919099,-77.919102,-77.919197,-77.919223,-77.919234,-77.919229],"lat":[37.828457,37.828558,37.828818,37.829557,37.829705,37.829848,37.829986,37.830067,37.83015,37.830192,37.830844,37.831077,37.831697,37.831776,37.832641,37.833333,37.833765,37.833907,37.834124,37.834319,37.834508,37.834655,37.83485,37.835052,37.835134,37.835802,37.835941,37.836063,37.836286,37.836646,37.836868,37.837131,37.837338,37.837417,37.837556,37.837687,37.83781,37.837924,37.838151,37.838327,37.838455,37.838561,37.838705,37.83886,37.839025,37.839636,37.839938,37.839992,37.84005,37.840096,37.839991,37.83981,37.839663,37.839485,37.839314,37.838915,37.838039,37.83752,37.837289,37.837068,37.836513,37.83617,37.835334,37.834319,37.833569,37.833465,37.83333,37.833134,37.832702,37.832472,37.832273,37.832162,37.832065,37.831935,37.831378,37.830894,37.830654,37.830423,37.82991,37.82945,37.828802,37.828863,37.828993,37.829111,37.829235,37.829685,37.829954,37.830394,37.830745,37.83139,37.831655,37.831769,37.831962,37.832159,37.832611,37.832988,37.833066,37.833447,37.834108,37.834373,37.834961,37.835098,37.835282,37.835397,37.835509,37.83565,37.836645,37.837212,37.837533,37.837603,37.837686,37.838201,37.838404,37.839224,37.839495,37.840037,37.840098,37.840257,37.840425,37.840801,37.840967,37.84136,37.841564,37.841873,37.84231,37.842529,37.842627,37.842714,37.84279,37.842853,37.842895,37.842971,37.843035,37.843138,37.843204,37.843283,37.844017,37.844561,37.844898,37.844927,37.845025,37.845112,37.845186,37.845243,37.845286,37.845314,37.845329,37.845331,37.845355,37.84535,37.845336,37.845341,37.845355,37.845378,37.845453,37.845496,37.845506,37.845518,37.845546,37.845811,37.845859,37.845879,37.845944,37.845971,37.846019,37.846075,37.846079,37.846126,37.846185,37.846277,37.846384,37.846442,37.846632,37.846658,37.846696,37.84673,37.846807,37.846863,37.846924,37.847013,37.847101,37.847222,37.847384,37.848082,37.849133,37.849324,37.849525,37.849722,37.850112,37.850337,37.85043,37.850644,37.851698,37.85234,37.852762,37.854255,37.854919,37.855276,37.856045,37.856506,37.857271,37.857768,37.859969,37.860255,37.860776,37.861484,37.861583,37.861665,37.861973,37.862044,37.862379,37.862523,37.862603,37.863119,37.863209,37.863316,37.863409,37.863442,37.863704,37.864015,37.864191,37.864426,37.86453,37.86459,37.864647,37.864729,37.864849,37.864963,37.865059,37.86539,37.865824,37.867005,37.867318,37.867607,37.867721,37.868257,37.868398,37.868513,37.86877,37.869016,37.869318,37.869688,37.86992,37.870046,37.870698,37.871397,37.871639,37.87176,37.872791,37.872865,37.873024,37.873179,37.874083,37.874139,37.874715,37.874799,37.874825,37.874944,37.8751,37.87531,37.875499,37.875693,37.875936,37.87614,37.876299,37.877305,37.877446,37.877724,37.878067,37.878625,37.879262,37.880412,37.880685,37.880962,37.881269,37.881788,37.881931,37.882123,37.882368,37.882905,37.883147,37.88339,37.883635,37.88397,37.884206,37.884441,37.885172,37.885384,37.885642,37.885653,37.885814,37.88654,37.886847,37.887135,37.888391,37.888561,37.889241,37.88941,37.889573,37.889731,37.889822,37.890779,37.891076,37.891126,37.891572,37.891703,37.891866,37.892315,37.892787,37.892939,37.893326,37.893782,37.893828,37.893964,37.894008,37.89408,37.89462,37.894798,37.894916,37.89503,37.895294,37.895516,37.895958,37.896008,37.896089,37.896235,37.896552,37.896668,37.896838,37.896996,37.897122,37.897288,37.897455,37.897792,37.89801,37.898133,37.898537,37.898853,37.899111,37.89919,37.899328,37.899418,37.899941,37.900001,37.900123,37.90026,37.900498,37.900766,37.900816,37.900891,37.901053,37.901168,37.901307,37.901388,37.901528,37.90159,37.90168,37.901783,37.901852,37.902013,37.90214,37.902149,37.902326,37.902451,37.902654,37.902858,37.902897,37.903152,37.90323,37.903318,37.90338,37.903443,37.903483,37.903555,37.903681,37.903776,37.903857,37.903921,37.903964,37.904285,37.904566,37.904679,37.905101,37.905759,37.906228,37.906336,37.906615,37.906936,37.907047,37.907439,37.907771,37.908036,37.908124,37.908243,37.908548,37.90883,37.908964,37.909089,37.90917,37.909248,37.909662,37.910181,37.910524,37.910824,37.910963,37.911662,37.911916,37.912068,37.91215,37.912755,37.913048,37.913176,37.913406,37.913698,37.913914,37.914173,37.914424,37.914922,37.915236,37.915555,37.915917,37.916238,37.91642,37.916607,37.916864,37.917011,37.917145,37.917259,37.917325,37.917365,37.917498,37.917515,37.917601,37.917763,37.917917,37.918455,37.919199,37.91936,37.919449,37.919489,37.919815,37.920109,37.920316,37.920562,37.920653,37.920762,37.920934,37.921101,37.921262,37.921499,37.921958,37.922296,37.922643,37.922801,37.922939,37.923065,37.923529,37.923627,37.923738,37.923834,37.923885,37.92397,37.924096,37.924293,37.924563,37.924677,37.924987,37.925119,37.926008,37.926376,37.926931,37.927074,37.927785,37.927964,37.928093,37.928783,37.928957,37.92974,37.929888,37.929938,37.930055,37.930182,37.93031,37.930435,37.930508,37.930588,37.930643,37.930693,37.930767,37.930848,37.930918,37.931051,37.931102,37.931204,37.93127,37.931354,37.931404,37.931502,37.931599,37.931679,37.931774,37.93206,37.932142,37.932261,37.932454,37.932515,37.932582,37.932724,37.933306,37.933696,37.934226,37.934674,37.935062,37.935154,37.935458,37.935717,37.935841,37.935999,37.936226,37.936425,37.936491,37.936587,37.936839,37.937094,37.937395,37.937589,37.937841,37.937944,37.938264,37.938496,37.93861,37.938938,37.939354,37.939486,37.939553,37.939724,37.9398,37.939916,37.940099,37.940181,37.940382,37.940453,37.940582,37.940691,37.940813,37.940896,37.940984,37.94109,37.941171,37.941248,37.941305,37.941363,37.941401,37.941466,37.941525,37.94158,37.941594,37.941722,37.941797,37.941979,37.942216,37.942344,37.942462,37.942598,37.942663,37.942732,37.942921,37.943293,37.943076,37.942209,37.942165,37.942083,37.942011,37.941951,37.941775,37.941665,37.94149,37.941391,37.941078,37.940798,37.94043,37.940243,37.939919,37.939771,37.939453,37.939321,37.939145,37.939085,37.938969,37.938591,37.938536,37.938459,37.938316,37.938267,37.93819,37.938146,37.93797,37.93791,37.937899,37.937882,37.937844,37.9378,37.937805,37.937844,37.938003,37.93803,37.93803,37.938014,37.937887,37.937827,37.937789,37.937723,37.937668,37.937421,37.937239,37.937064,37.936965,37.936937,37.936932,37.936948,37.937195,37.93725,37.937305,37.937387,37.937409,37.937419,37.937414,37.93741,37.937403,37.937276,37.937156,37.937062,37.93681,37.936793,37.936671,37.936656,37.936601,37.936579,37.936524,37.936441,37.93631,37.935942,37.93564,37.935425,37.93536,37.93525,37.935118,37.934766,37.934717,37.934678,37.934519,37.934437,37.934327,37.934058,37.933706,37.933542,37.933426,37.933306,37.933163,37.933097,37.933004,37.932817,37.932614,37.932537,37.932509,37.932476,37.932443,37.932377,37.932295,37.9323,37.932366,37.93236,37.932338,37.932229,37.932206,37.932196,37.932184,37.932146,37.932118,37.93208,37.931959,37.931915,37.931882,37.93186,37.931838,37.931855,37.931888,37.931915,37.93203,37.932301,37.932307,37.932359,37.93248,37.932551,37.932738,37.932825,37.932935,37.933171,37.933204,37.933308,37.933368,37.933418,37.933462,37.933506,37.933906,37.933989,37.934032,37.934137,37.934186,37.934362,37.934763,37.934828,37.935097,37.935246,37.935333,37.935465,37.935608,37.935728,37.935909,37.936003,37.936167,37.936261,37.936376,37.936491,37.936595,37.9367,37.936826,37.936963,37.937122,37.937348,37.937403,37.937435,37.937512,37.937534,37.937589,37.937666,37.93766,37.937578,37.937539,37.937331,37.937254,37.937199,37.937161,37.936968,37.936935,37.936902,37.936703,37.936,37.935954,37.936094,37.936581,37.936628,37.936585,37.936476,37.93613,37.93594,37.935801,37.93567,37.93566,37.935031,37.934952,37.934766,37.933702,37.933481,37.932958,37.932028,37.931553,37.930327,37.929977,37.929573,37.929346,37.92901,37.928666,37.928387,37.928032,37.927449,37.926696,37.926084,37.925769,37.925417,37.925192,37.925107,37.925258,37.925265,37.925226,37.924713,37.924542,37.924436,37.923682,37.923636,37.923748,37.923758,37.923495,37.92347,37.92363,37.923616,37.923847,37.923928,37.923779,37.923949,37.924203,37.924363,37.924499,37.924772,37.924863,37.924891,37.924863,37.924581,37.924545,37.924338,37.924397,37.924369,37.924409,37.924616,37.924766,37.924862,37.924986,37.92516,37.925271,37.925362,37.925385,37.925325,37.925118,37.925082,37.924991,37.924558,37.924516,37.924506,37.924463,37.924244,37.924181,37.923866,37.923795,37.92373,37.923431,37.923368,37.923321,37.923261,37.923192,37.922921,37.922758,37.922747,37.92281,37.922711,37.922715,37.92285,37.923126,37.923168,37.923099,37.922692,37.922595,37.922162,37.9221,37.921117,37.920846,37.920787,37.920537,37.920427,37.917222,37.915914,37.910323,37.907004,37.90647,37.906141,37.904584,37.902944,37.902565,37.901957,37.894071,37.893922,37.893874,37.885185,37.882356,37.882173,37.882139,37.882086,37.881894,37.88178,37.881559,37.881289,37.880868,37.880455,37.880059,37.878208,37.87546,37.875009,37.874863,37.874084,37.874004,37.872156,37.868576,37.866678,37.865066,37.863338,37.863285,37.861437,37.860976,37.860767,37.859844,37.857957,37.857583,37.85634,37.856311,37.856129,37.855957,37.85577,37.855683,37.854185,37.851719,37.851607,37.851465,37.850346,37.850283,37.849459,37.849396,37.849362,37.849333,37.849319,37.849311,37.849205,37.848979,37.848421,37.847968,37.847419,37.84703,37.846698,37.846649,37.846391,37.84629,37.846184,37.845987,37.845931,37.845878,37.845839,37.845799,37.845778,37.845732,37.84569,37.845667,37.845644,37.84557,37.845533,37.845496,37.845458,37.845381,37.845342,37.845303,37.845264,37.845225,37.844954,37.844767,37.84461,37.844387,37.844253,37.844108,37.843849,37.843471,37.843312,37.843275,37.843173,37.843052,37.84298,37.842885,37.842839,37.842817,37.842734,37.842713,37.842615,37.842468,37.842414,37.842314,37.842218,37.842191,37.842165,37.842139,37.842114,37.842089,37.842065,37.841891,37.841723,37.841616,37.841559,37.84149,37.841415,37.841347,37.841199,37.84088,37.840545,37.840029,37.839924,37.839467,37.839329,37.839086,37.838163,37.838061,37.837994,37.837904,37.837772,37.83761,37.837529,37.837448,37.837366,37.837313,37.837257,37.837191,37.837119,37.837062,37.836952,37.836878,37.836805,37.836731,37.836648,37.836555,37.836462,37.836415,37.836197,37.836165,37.836102,37.836071,37.83599,37.835946,37.835905,37.835871,37.835822,37.83572,37.835625,37.834975,37.834871,37.834496,37.834336,37.833677,37.833251,37.833028,37.832761,37.832269,37.831663,37.83101,37.83015,37.829106,37.828538,37.828429,37.828308,37.828216,37.828144,37.828079,37.828013,37.827944,37.827833,37.827714,37.827652,37.827534,37.827473,37.827356,37.82723,37.827078,37.826932,37.826775,37.826638,37.826299,37.826126,37.825972,37.825821,37.8257,37.825594,37.825475,37.825219,37.824821,37.824582,37.824448,37.824287,37.824146,37.824044,37.82386,37.823707,37.823079,37.822169,37.821531,37.821052,37.820507,37.819904,37.819761,37.818159,37.817697,37.817393,37.816538,37.81584,37.815209,37.814717,37.814178,37.814015,37.813885,37.813713,37.813544,37.81338,37.813214,37.81314,37.813043,37.812944,37.8126,37.812458,37.81209,37.811859,37.81173,37.811604,37.81148,37.81099,37.810014,37.809208,37.808815,37.80866,37.80849,37.808408,37.808348,37.808294,37.808237,37.8082,37.808102,37.808021,37.80791,37.807793,37.807655,37.807322,37.807152,37.807088,37.807007,37.806951,37.806868,37.806783,37.806422,37.806244,37.806066,37.805887,37.805532,37.805378,37.805292,37.80511,37.804964,37.804818,37.804621,37.804363,37.804111,37.803958,37.803835,37.803681,37.803452,37.802883,37.802896,37.802912,37.802911,37.802904,37.802906,37.802908,37.802901,37.8029,37.802919,37.802921,37.802931,37.802938,37.802949,37.802957,37.802959,37.802962,37.802946,37.796843,37.795513,37.792223,37.791674,37.791548,37.787682,37.786444,37.78384,37.778274,37.775345,37.774041,37.773884,37.773755,37.773646,37.770039,37.768079,37.765787,37.764227,37.764104,37.757093,37.756787,37.75631,37.754439,37.753887,37.753782,37.753045,37.75235,37.750672,37.750008,37.747065,37.745895,37.745832,37.743746,37.741671,37.736959,37.736942,37.736385,37.736128,37.735806,37.735597,37.733567,37.730729,37.730608,37.730678,37.73099,37.73103,37.731439,37.73267,37.73278,37.732882,37.733021,37.733121,37.733207,37.73328,37.733304,37.733354,37.733436,37.733488,37.733507,37.733524,37.733579,37.733607,37.733629,37.733678,37.733686,37.73375,37.733806,37.733842,37.733881,37.733949,37.733972,37.734025,37.734083,37.734163,37.734203,37.734245,37.734287,37.73433,37.734526,37.734594,37.734628,37.734727,37.734828,37.734879,37.735019,37.735066,37.73516,37.735206,37.735253,37.735346,37.735396,37.735496,37.735547,37.73565,37.735702,37.735754,37.735861,37.735914,37.735968,37.736021,37.736075,37.736128,37.736236,37.736255,37.736534,37.7369,37.737833,37.739399,37.740998,37.741062,37.741214,37.741455,37.741472,37.741776,37.742043,37.742134,37.742521,37.742483,37.742366,37.742349,37.741971,37.741755,37.741709,37.741548,37.741753,37.741797,37.741825,37.741788,37.741812,37.741825,37.741876,37.741888,37.742246,37.742203,37.742277,37.74252,37.74255,37.742709,37.743064,37.743214,37.743287,37.743377,37.743511,37.742998,37.742954,37.743007,37.74306,37.743072,37.743712,37.744354,37.744951,37.745076,37.745814,37.746083,37.746201,37.746169,37.746111,37.746048,37.746007,37.745897,37.745721,37.745755,37.745862,37.74593,37.746323,37.747458,37.747384,37.74724,37.746827,37.747133,37.747492,37.747801,37.747688,37.747612,37.748113,37.748142,37.74826,37.748271,37.748354,37.748511,37.74855,37.748722,37.748767,37.748822,37.748719,37.748709,37.748872,37.748913,37.748953,37.749035,37.749075,37.749091,37.7491,37.749126,37.749133,37.749213,37.749308,37.749334,37.749369,37.749403,37.749475,37.749506,37.749605,37.74968,37.749698,37.749712,37.749802,37.749877,37.749916,37.749953,37.750106,37.750157,37.750194,37.750228,37.750318,37.751293,37.751337,37.751347,37.751812,37.750723,37.749984,37.749954,37.749386,37.749365,37.749357,37.749305,37.74928,37.749268,37.74926,37.749242,37.749226,37.749122,37.749115,37.749718,37.750157,37.750347,37.750457,37.750788,37.75098,37.75138,37.751408,37.751414,37.751971,37.7522,37.752229,37.75228,37.752447,37.752594,37.752701,37.752825,37.752858,37.753019,37.753126,37.753135,37.753239,37.753246,37.753261,37.753542,37.75395,37.754052,37.754478,37.754932,37.756597,37.756701,37.756836,37.756863,37.757222,37.757645,37.757897,37.758085,37.759524,37.758833,37.758745,37.758622,37.758418,37.758241,37.757524,37.757192,37.756822,37.756769,37.756723,37.756693,37.75664,37.756584,37.756513,37.756442,37.756227,37.755938,37.755865,37.755803,37.755682,37.755562,37.755444,37.755385,37.755327,37.75527,37.755002,37.75489,37.754879,37.754839,37.754761,37.754269,37.755041,37.754948,37.75511,37.755374,37.755782,37.75578,37.755778,37.755777,37.755775,37.75577,37.75576,37.755762,37.755972,37.756082,37.756585,37.756702,37.757178,37.757211,37.757592,37.757868,37.758064,37.758199,37.758296,37.758441,37.75858,37.758699,37.758856,37.759003,37.759048,37.759274,37.759434,37.759531,37.759549,37.759705,37.759743,37.759784,37.760008,37.760173,37.760299,37.760416,37.760545,37.760781,37.760925,37.761306,37.761503,37.761709,37.762354,37.762574,37.762762,37.762988,37.763119,37.763687,37.763938,37.764146,37.76418,37.764249,37.764288,37.764308,37.764602,37.764693,37.764778,37.765258,37.765377,37.765433,37.765509,37.765611,37.765689,37.765776,37.765846,37.765866,37.765908,37.766276,37.769551,37.768585,37.767691,37.76785,37.768048,37.768332,37.768594,37.768908,37.76925,37.76949,37.769629,37.769727,37.7699,37.770062,37.770324,37.770478,37.770639,37.770919,37.770871,37.770753,37.770549,37.770692,37.771029,37.771102,37.771155,37.770557,37.770168,37.769905,37.76959,37.769463,37.769504,37.76955,37.769709,37.769718,37.769877,37.76999,37.770087,37.770226,37.770319,37.770806,37.771047,37.771079,37.771153,37.771348,37.771458,37.771691,37.771932,37.772073,37.772078,37.772101,37.77215,37.772843,37.772932,37.772961,37.772959,37.772948,37.773065,37.773286,37.773493,37.77378,37.77381,37.774352,37.774957,37.775033,37.775059,37.77537,37.775434,37.775457,37.77612,37.777009,37.777005,37.776995,37.776984,37.776972,37.776971,37.776953,37.776926,37.776893,37.776877,37.77686,37.776828,37.776802,37.776762,37.776665,37.776619,37.776571,37.77648,37.776453,37.776283,37.777884,37.77801,37.77804,37.778526,37.778865,37.779607,37.780294,37.780394,37.780593,37.780652,37.780676,37.780684,37.780727,37.780733,37.780768,37.780913,37.780919,37.782041,37.782786,37.782809,37.783884,37.784144,37.784202,37.783981,37.783891,37.783297,37.782198,37.783291,37.783374,37.783567,37.783911,37.784,37.784231,37.78454,37.784646,37.784726,37.78506,37.785093,37.785147,37.785221,37.785244,37.785341,37.785438,37.785535,37.785826,37.785923,37.786116,37.786212,37.786308,37.786406,37.786504,37.786602,37.7867,37.786799,37.786996,37.787075,37.787149,37.788085,37.788872,37.789589,37.789758,37.790117,37.79055,37.790832,37.791009,37.791121,37.791323,37.791491,37.791775,37.791958,37.792033,37.792108,37.792967,37.793008,37.793159,37.794337,37.794598,37.794997,37.79515,37.795538,37.795821,37.795884,37.796037,37.796154,37.796764,37.79717,37.797422,37.797454,37.798014,37.798372,37.798474,37.798581,37.798709,37.798822,37.798871,37.798915,37.798948,37.798972,37.799082,37.799264,37.799392,37.799519,37.799571,37.799628,37.799794,37.799895,37.8,37.800093,37.800217,37.800337,37.800429,37.800552,37.800642,37.800878,37.801105,37.801243,37.801317,37.801395,37.80146,37.80172,37.801795,37.801892,37.801991,37.802053,37.802109,37.802148,37.802164,37.802284,37.802357,37.802405,37.802474,37.802726,37.802928,37.80329,37.803621,37.803835,37.803924,37.804551,37.804745,37.806826,37.806834,37.808453,37.808483,37.80858,37.808586,37.808648,37.808697,37.808722,37.808848,37.809005,37.809499,37.809543,37.810943,37.811709,37.812221,37.812672,37.812703,37.812806,37.812906,37.813023,37.813241,37.813273,37.815238,37.815481,37.815726,37.81599,37.8165,37.81749,37.817591,37.817902,37.81804,37.818654,37.818857,37.819186,37.819219,37.819655,37.819801,37.820065,37.820553,37.82122,37.821887,37.821761,37.821732,37.821701,37.821649,37.821574,37.821742,37.821753,37.82178,37.822525,37.823224,37.823301,37.823428,37.824763,37.825589,37.825264,37.825274,37.825303,37.825318,37.825323,37.825543,37.82563,37.825683,37.825828,37.825974,37.825997,37.826112,37.826214,37.826312,37.826448,37.826683,37.826952,37.827194,37.827208,37.827837,37.828043,37.828334,37.828457]}],[{"lng":[-77.919488,-77.919456,-77.919333,-77.919155,-77.919086,-77.917697,-77.917644,-77.916602,-77.915765,-77.915077,-77.914712,-77.914698,-77.914672,-77.914638,-77.915182,-77.915994,-77.917442,-77.918194,-77.919443,-77.919522,-77.919488],"lat":[37.823945,37.824016,37.824301,37.824714,37.824714,37.824626,37.824623,37.824556,37.824503,37.824459,37.824436,37.824274,37.823955,37.823556,37.823598,37.82365,37.823741,37.823788,37.823866,37.823865,37.823945]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.180297,-78.179683,-78.179568,-78.179,-78.178764,-78.17859,-78.1785,-78.17841,-78.178161,-78.177959,-78.177737,-78.17764,-78.177238,-78.177009,-78.176905,-78.176808,-78.176732,-78.176628,-78.176558,-78.176316,-78.175664,-78.175594,-78.175324,-78.17522,-78.175088,-78.174984,-78.174595,-78.174477,-78.174477,-78.174526,-78.174484,-78.174429,-78.174249,-78.174207,-78.174165,-78.174089,-78.174027,-78.173978,-78.173957,-78.173818,-78.173798,-78.173777,-78.173735,-78.173617,-78.173298,-78.173194,-78.173028,-78.172778,-78.172715,-78.172646,-78.172521,-78.172251,-78.172181,-78.172126,-78.17207,-78.171883,-78.17182,-78.171793,-78.171848,-78.171834,-78.171806,-78.171619,-78.171598,-78.171591,-78.171682,-78.171765,-78.171806,-78.171917,-78.172007,-78.172035,-78.172063,-78.172084,-78.17207,-78.172035,-78.172,-78.171952,-78.171827,-78.171473,-78.171335,-78.171237,-78.171127,-78.171043,-78.170682,-78.170606,-78.170544,-78.170488,-78.170426,-78.170197,-78.170134,-78.170093,-78.170051,-78.169857,-78.169822,-78.16969,-78.169559,-78.169482,-78.169337,-78.169225,-78.168754,-78.168594,-78.168233,-78.168164,-78.167491,-78.167332,-78.167297,-78.167269,-78.167269,-78.167318,-78.167304,-78.167227,-78.167109,-78.167047,-78.166957,-78.166901,-78.166658,-78.166533,-78.166478,-78.166291,-78.166242,-78.166124,-78.166089,-78.166041,-78.165881,-78.165673,-78.165576,-78.165458,-78.165361,-78.165292,-78.16509,-78.164792,-78.164507,-78.164348,-78.164223,-78.164008,-78.163932,-78.163647,-78.163419,-78.163106,-78.163009,-78.162884,-78.162773,-78.162246,-78.162156,-78.16201,-78.161844,-78.161594,-78.16124,-78.160748,-78.160422,-78.160012,-78.159825,-78.159048,-78.158882,-78.158729,-78.158462,-78.158167,-78.157896,-78.157432,-78.156752,-78.156218,-78.156079,-78.15594,-78.155767,-78.155399,-78.155295,-78.15499,-78.154879,-78.154255,-78.154172,-78.154116,-78.153707,-78.153485,-78.152979,-78.152549,-78.152382,-78.152216,-78.152077,-78.151931,-78.151522,-78.151439,-78.151369,-78.151341,-78.151293,-78.151182,-78.151154,-78.151161,-78.151202,-78.151327,-78.151362,-78.151389,-78.151417,-78.151472,-78.151479,-78.151444,-78.151382,-78.151305,-78.15125,-78.15118,-78.151069,-78.150938,-78.150834,-78.150528,-78.150417,-78.150272,-78.150161,-78.150126,-78.149966,-78.149897,-78.1498,-78.149335,-78.149176,-78.148988,-78.148801,-78.148641,-78.148399,-78.148191,-78.148093,-78.14801,-78.14783,-78.147587,-78.147573,-78.147566,-78.147573,-78.147559,-78.147531,-78.147253,-78.147149,-78.146886,-78.146504,-78.146206,-78.146143,-78.146108,-78.146081,-78.146067,-78.146108,-78.146094,-78.146018,-78.146039,-78.146066,-78.146115,-78.146371,-78.146427,-78.146482,-78.146524,-78.146559,-78.146704,-78.14669,-78.146531,-78.146253,-78.146169,-78.145982,-78.145691,-78.145628,-78.14533,-78.145281,-78.145225,-78.144719,-78.144629,-78.1444,-78.144323,-78.144073,-78.143962,-78.143428,-78.143331,-78.143123,-78.142894,-78.142769,-78.142498,-78.142297,-78.142172,-78.142019,-78.141859,-78.141117,-78.140992,-78.140832,-78.140659,-78.140548,-78.140451,-78.140298,-78.13973,-78.139216,-78.138863,-78.138655,-78.138329,-78.13828,-78.138162,-78.137878,-78.137711,-78.137233,-78.137142,-78.137059,-78.136858,-78.136802,-78.136567,-78.136497,-78.136435,-78.136171,-78.136134,-78.135984,-78.135873,-78.135706,-78.13563,-78.135547,-78.135491,-78.135463,-78.135456,-78.135477,-78.135463,-78.135435,-78.135386,-78.135317,-78.135074,-78.134887,-78.134678,-78.134512,-78.134366,-78.134262,-78.134179,-78.133929,-78.133423,-78.13293,-78.132452,-78.13207,-78.131987,-78.131466,-78.13121,-78.13105,-78.130842,-78.130752,-78.130578,-78.130516,-78.130259,-78.129919,-78.12976,-78.129357,-78.129156,-78.128684,-78.128483,-78.128303,-78.127866,-78.127713,-78.127463,-78.127137,-78.12706,-78.126977,-78.126873,-78.126741,-78.126616,-78.126512,-78.126394,-78.126019,-78.12534,-78.125152,-78.125069,-78.124951,-78.124722,-78.124064,-78.123405,-78.123316,-78.123305,-78.123409,-78.123645,-78.123612,-78.123352,-78.123277,-78.122127,-78.121453,-78.1212,-78.12064,-78.12044,-78.120313,-78.120191,-78.119895,-78.11986,-78.119825,-78.119608,-78.119431,-78.119156,-78.118889,-78.118363,-78.118411,-78.118625,-78.118864,-78.118806,-78.118382,-78.117425,-78.116776,-78.116544,-78.116335,-78.1162,-78.115932,-78.115468,-78.115002,-78.11447,-78.11408,-78.111289,-78.11069,-78.11015,-78.109912,-78.109551,-78.109386,-78.109139,-78.108641,-78.108327,-78.108057,-78.107421,-78.107196,-78.107007,-78.106843,-78.106268,-78.105608,-78.104941,-78.104577,-78.104479,-78.104448,-78.104154,-78.103737,-78.103681,-78.103541,-78.10319,-78.103076,-78.103086,-78.102789,-78.102026,-78.101657,-78.101522,-78.101394,-78.101139,-78.100754,-78.100598,-78.100547,-78.100626,-78.101218,-78.101303,-78.10123,-78.101,-78.100687,-78.099253,-78.098891,-78.098395,-78.098034,-78.097814,-78.097393,-78.097189,-78.097005,-78.096638,-78.096077,-78.095804,-78.095571,-78.094888,-78.093641,-78.092595,-78.092233,-78.091152,-78.090694,-78.09027,-78.090064,-78.09002,-78.089926,-78.088991,-78.088086,-78.087623,-78.087366,-78.086614,-78.086247,-78.085257,-78.084869,-78.084646,-78.084332,-78.083274,-78.082767,-78.082423,-78.082292,-78.08217,-78.082002,-78.081815,-78.081386,-78.081196,-78.08121,-78.080908,-78.080659,-78.080452,-78.080271,-78.080054,-78.079838,-78.079381,-78.079079,-78.077634,-78.076638,-78.07632,-78.075974,-78.075694,-78.075203,-78.074644,-78.074459,-78.074344,-78.074414,-78.074386,-78.074276,-78.074163,-78.074125,-78.073776,-78.073485,-78.073258,-78.072666,-78.072187,-78.071975,-78.071805,-78.071487,-78.070053,-78.069834,-78.069566,-78.069387,-78.069062,-78.068901,-78.068748,-78.068586,-78.068298,-78.068067,-78.067293,-78.067085,-78.065035,-78.06461,-78.06405,-78.063074,-78.063057,-78.062337,-78.062247,-78.061629,-78.061444,-78.061315,-78.061085,-78.060934,-78.060533,-78.060037,-78.059781,-78.059431,-78.059068,-78.057623,-78.056914,-78.055411,-78.055068,-78.054646,-78.053972,-78.053488,-78.053022,-78.052791,-78.052695,-78.052663,-78.052792,-78.053523,-78.053999,-78.054007,-78.053695,-78.05356,-78.053347,-78.052274,-78.051826,-78.050244,-78.048643,-78.048142,-78.047642,-78.047201,-78.046608,-78.045309,-78.0425,-78.04158,-78.041215,-78.04102,-78.040755,-78.040043,-78.039713,-78.038939,-78.03802,-78.037754,-78.037209,-78.036948,-78.036743,-78.036443,-78.036127,-78.035773,-78.035634,-78.035819,-78.036554,-78.036972,-78.037008,-78.036765,-78.036487,-78.03578,-78.035388,-78.035061,-78.034975,-78.034816,-78.034507,-78.034171,-78.034012,-78.033732,-78.033514,-78.033023,-78.032578,-78.031825,-78.031431,-78.030959,-78.029874,-78.029839,-78.029448,-78.02917,-78.029164,-78.029089,-78.02828,-78.027891,-78.027352,-78.026875,-78.026071,-78.025434,-78.024544,-78.023694,-78.023285,-78.022924,-78.022628,-78.022033,-78.021826,-78.021738,-78.021891,-78.021778,-78.021437,-78.021381,-78.021546,-78.021934,-78.022047,-78.022094,-78.021994,-78.02185,-78.021567,-78.021105,-78.020456,-78.020306,-78.020206,-78.020075,-78.01998,-78.019733,-78.019048,-78.019129,-78.019347,-78.020249,-78.020669,-78.021034,-78.022936,-78.022996,-78.023232,-78.023203,-78.023483,-78.023896,-78.023966,-78.02441,-78.02461,-78.025293,-78.025541,-78.025882,-78.026395,-78.026608,-78.026594,-78.026462,-78.024731,-78.024343,-78.023996,-78.023687,-78.023219,-78.022985,-78.022855,-78.023105,-78.023115,-78.023018,-78.022769,-78.022379,-78.022024,-78.02205,-78.021982,-78.021833,-78.021173,-78.020383,-78.019708,-78.018923,-78.018695,-78.018421,-78.018149,-78.017495,-78.017234,-78.016984,-78.01682,-78.016851,-78.016839,-78.016787,-78.016702,-78.016352,-78.015741,-78.015516,-78.015169,-78.014766,-78.014471,-78.01411,-78.013668,-78.013166,-78.012853,-78.012726,-78.012667,-78.012369,-78.012283,-78.011958,-78.011369,-78.011109,-78.010701,-78.009747,-78.009128,-78.008553,-78.008328,-78.00821,-78.008014,-78.007604,-78.007383,-78.00702,-78.006453,-78.005851,-78.005101,-78.004187,-78.003874,-78.003188,-78.002919,-78.002445,-78.002175,-78.001771,-78.001555,-78.001552,-78.001621,-78.002192,-78.002828,-78.002923,-78.003002,-78.002972,-78.002719,-78.002427,-78.00209,-78.001745,-78.001561,-78.001089,-78.00062,-78.0004,-77.999658,-77.999384,-77.999188,-77.998959,-77.998307,-77.997817,-77.997681,-77.997575,-77.997482,-77.997232,-77.996594,-77.9962,-77.995658,-77.995423,-77.995055,-77.994631,-77.994086,-77.993829,-77.993751,-77.99376,-77.993973,-77.994037,-77.994291,-77.995092,-77.995953,-77.996495,-77.998049,-77.998434,-77.998519,-77.998511,-77.998295,-77.998111,-77.998096,-77.998148,-77.99842,-77.998732,-77.998681,-77.998285,-77.997524,-77.997196,-77.996873,-77.996556,-77.996312,-77.996166,-77.995955,-77.995805,-77.995511,-77.995206,-77.994711,-77.994056,-77.991788,-77.991473,-77.991162,-77.989277,-77.987548,-77.986988,-77.986347,-77.986085,-77.985605,-77.98488,-77.98396,-77.983653,-77.983351,-77.983073,-77.983056,-77.982768,-77.982624,-77.982586,-77.982666,-77.982336,-77.982304,-77.982593,-77.982567,-77.982423,-77.982227,-77.981824,-77.980158,-77.978988,-77.976883,-77.975891,-77.975482,-77.975127,-77.974922,-77.974861,-77.974931,-77.974608,-77.974398,-77.973948,-77.973243,-77.971978,-77.971733,-77.970256,-77.97014,-77.970176,-77.970107,-77.96986,-77.96912,-77.969017,-77.968955,-77.969053,-77.968591,-77.968325,-77.968343,-77.968499,-77.969022,-77.969803,-77.969921,-77.970045,-77.969986,-77.970059,-77.970224,-77.970201,-77.969963,-77.969281,-77.968744,-77.968299,-77.967924,-77.967872,-77.967732,-77.967679,-77.967474,-77.967261,-77.967089,-77.966236,-77.965475,-77.964983,-77.96457,-77.964172,-77.963682,-77.962821,-77.962507,-77.961974,-77.960165,-77.959275,-77.957422,-77.956544,-77.955996,-77.95557,-77.953546,-77.953272,-77.952539,-77.952196,-77.951888,-77.951674,-77.951455,-77.950911,-77.950443,-77.949971,-77.949752,-77.949559,-77.948659,-77.948501,-77.948053,-77.946502,-77.945531,-77.945217,-77.944184,-77.943038,-77.941798,-77.940355,-77.939821,-77.937922,-77.936527,-77.93539,-77.935228,-77.935296,-77.935494,-77.935864,-77.937174,-77.937565,-77.937979,-77.938649,-77.939263,-77.939506,-77.93947,-77.939391,-77.939248,-77.939071,-77.938509,-77.937437,-77.93678,-77.935751,-77.935076,-77.934527,-77.933852,-77.933602,-77.933414,-77.933089,-77.932802,-77.932467,-77.930952,-77.930314,-77.930026,-77.929962,-77.930014,-77.93061,-77.930698,-77.930586,-77.930433,-77.929888,-77.929743,-77.929543,-77.929508,-77.929554,-77.930276,-77.930432,-77.930705,-77.930899,-77.930618,-77.930717,-77.930805,-77.931026,-77.931842,-77.932193,-77.932631,-77.932941,-77.933484,-77.934348,-77.934808,-77.937774,-77.938588,-77.938796,-77.939241,-77.939439,-77.939668,-77.939644,-77.939712,-77.939877,-77.940101,-77.940264,-77.940581,-77.940836,-77.941338,-77.941562,-77.942486,-77.943258,-77.944628,-77.945103,-77.945328,-77.945503,-77.945641,-77.945942,-77.946199,-77.947122,-77.947376,-77.947637,-77.947767,-77.947958,-77.948366,-77.948756,-77.949157,-77.949488,-77.949692,-77.949755,-77.949659,-77.949421,-77.94938,-77.949786,-77.950365,-77.950722,-77.95074,-77.950681,-77.950128,-77.949464,-77.948757,-77.948586,-77.948467,-77.948106,-77.947413,-77.947193,-77.947114,-77.947094,-77.947383,-77.947324,-77.947407,-77.947361,-77.947245,-77.946119,-77.945935,-77.945832,-77.945821,-77.945963,-77.945969,-77.945863,-77.945519,-77.945549,-77.945714,-77.946442,-77.946509,-77.946491,-77.946226,-77.945938,-77.944933,-77.944417,-77.944237,-77.944276,-77.944238,-77.943962,-77.943816,-77.943397,-77.942972,-77.94252,-77.941847,-77.940696,-77.940068,-77.939168,-77.938126,-77.936539,-77.935935,-77.935356,-77.934953,-77.9349,-77.935564,-77.936016,-77.936132,-77.936082,-77.93592,-77.935682,-77.935242,-77.934924,-77.933222,-77.933241,-77.933391,-77.933549,-77.933611,-77.933706,-77.933742,-77.933754,-77.93377,-77.933749,-77.933695,-77.933612,-77.933538,-77.933506,-77.933493,-77.933524,-77.93358,-77.933622,-77.933681,-77.933895,-77.934002,-77.934066,-77.934113,-77.934196,-77.934302,-77.934346,-77.934522,-77.934681,-77.934778,-77.934838,-77.934907,-77.935004,-77.93509,-77.935447,-77.936659,-77.93723,-77.937655,-77.937842,-77.938203,-77.938352,-77.93885,-77.939077,-77.939248,-77.939761,-77.940319,-77.94046,-77.940594,-77.940996,-77.941358,-77.941425,-77.941526,-77.941921,-77.942129,-77.942157,-77.942592,-77.943071,-77.943639,-77.944195,-77.944618,-77.944907,-77.947081,-77.947602,-77.948026,-77.948242,-77.948519,-77.948753,-77.949025,-77.949468,-77.950106,-77.950355,-77.950523,-77.950884,-77.951096,-77.951563,-77.951973,-77.952331,-77.952982,-77.953851,-77.954085,-77.954256,-77.954812,-77.954876,-77.955037,-77.955701,-77.955837,-77.955972,-77.956071,-77.95619,-77.956302,-77.95641,-77.956627,-77.957266,-77.95768,-77.957797,-77.957994,-77.958207,-77.958398,-77.958579,-77.958737,-77.958902,-77.959053,-77.959179,-77.959301,-77.959863,-77.960305,-77.960421,-77.960622,-77.960945,-77.961231,-77.961419,-77.96158,-77.961763,-77.962024,-77.962448,-77.962724,-77.962821,-77.962843,-77.962889,-77.962951,-77.963012,-77.96304,-77.963095,-77.963332,-77.963425,-77.963478,-77.963812,-77.964271,-77.964479,-77.964582,-77.964696,-77.964951,-77.965092,-77.965179,-77.965331,-77.965414,-77.965539,-77.965848,-77.966023,-77.966368,-77.966526,-77.966598,-77.96681,-77.967538,-77.967627,-77.967765,-77.967832,-77.967908,-77.967988,-77.968045,-77.968107,-77.96815,-77.968165,-77.968168,-77.96813,-77.968067,-77.968044,-77.968032,-77.968047,-77.968075,-77.968097,-77.968125,-77.968206,-77.968263,-77.968445,-77.968518,-77.968849,-77.968992,-77.969322,-77.969429,-77.96955,-77.969806,-77.969888,-77.970036,-77.970073,-77.970166,-77.970419,-77.970469,-77.97054,-77.970608,-77.970957,-77.971049,-77.971149,-77.971293,-77.971625,-77.971667,-77.972628,-77.972743,-77.973034,-77.973262,-77.973434,-77.97352,-77.97366,-77.973771,-77.973941,-77.974079,-77.974403,-77.974569,-77.974664,-77.974959,-77.975185,-77.97529,-77.97573,-77.975913,-77.976097,-77.976634,-77.976784,-77.976931,-77.977073,-77.977805,-77.978027,-77.978234,-77.978445,-77.979078,-77.979231,-77.979462,-77.979557,-77.979735,-77.979925,-77.980179,-77.980447,-77.980572,-77.98068,-77.980765,-77.980998,-77.981217,-77.981334,-77.981439,-77.981572,-77.981719,-77.981945,-77.982119,-77.982278,-77.982439,-77.982496,-77.983301,-77.983432,-77.983819,-77.983929,-77.984077,-77.984217,-77.984427,-77.98455,-77.985235,-77.985763,-77.986429,-77.986734,-77.986972,-77.987304,-77.98796,-77.989112,-77.989623,-77.99008,-77.990817,-77.991075,-77.99128,-77.9917,-77.992011,-77.992052,-77.992213,-77.992253,-77.992403,-77.992522,-77.993037,-77.993722,-77.993875,-77.993805,-77.993163,-77.993176,-77.993195,-77.99326,-77.995346,-77.996448,-77.996563,-77.998124,-77.99814,-77.998184,-77.998503,-77.998637,-77.99898,-77.999047,-77.999051,-78.001288,-78.00169,-78.001796,-78.001901,-78.002132,-78.00242,-78.002728,-78.002857,-78.002973,-78.00302,-78.003089,-78.003156,-78.003439,-78.003483,-78.003527,-78.003572,-78.003641,-78.003825,-78.003894,-78.003984,-78.004051,-78.004117,-78.00416,-78.00418,-78.004198,-78.004217,-78.004237,-78.004259,-78.004282,-78.004309,-78.004345,-78.004709,-78.005522,-78.006405,-78.007057,-78.009423,-78.010188,-78.010611,-78.010797,-78.011436,-78.014058,-78.015535,-78.017336,-78.017782,-78.017927,-78.018574,-78.018663,-78.018838,-78.021771,-78.022038,-78.022147,-78.02406,-78.024478,-78.024611,-78.024734,-78.025014,-78.025391,-78.025451,-78.025711,-78.027394,-78.027458,-78.027509,-78.028531,-78.028878,-78.029354,-78.029458,-78.02981,-78.030139,-78.030255,-78.030301,-78.031125,-78.031738,-78.031809,-78.034772,-78.034967,-78.035629,-78.03578,-78.035843,-78.03634,-78.037206,-78.037243,-78.037251,-78.037869,-78.038734,-78.038981,-78.038997,-78.039093,-78.039106,-78.039109,-78.039219,-78.042088,-78.042249,-78.04228,-78.042601,-78.042806,-78.043223,-78.043251,-78.043473,-78.043954,-78.044843,-78.045208,-78.045976,-78.046328,-78.046858,-78.047231,-78.047644,-78.047752,-78.04792,-78.04821,-78.048488,-78.048773,-78.049059,-78.049345,-78.049654,-78.050033,-78.050412,-78.050928,-78.051084,-78.051141,-78.051968,-78.05264,-78.052839,-78.053506,-78.053589,-78.054382,-78.054469,-78.055562,-78.055574,-78.055592,-78.055989,-78.056086,-78.057335,-78.062448,-78.06331,-78.063742,-78.064307,-78.064727,-78.064773,-78.064798,-78.064969,-78.068628,-78.071159,-78.071472,-78.071997,-78.072086,-78.072844,-78.073718,-78.074617,-78.074884,-78.074901,-78.075747,-78.076074,-78.077212,-78.079932,-78.080733,-78.082812,-78.082824,-78.091245,-78.091655,-78.091778,-78.092208,-78.092261,-78.093108,-78.094486,-78.09571,-78.095749,-78.095769,-78.101565,-78.106471,-78.106552,-78.107539,-78.110651,-78.11545,-78.116296,-78.116503,-78.116516,-78.116543,-78.116571,-78.116722,-78.117595,-78.124243,-78.124268,-78.124723,-78.124724,-78.124724,-78.124745,-78.124766,-78.125124,-78.125142,-78.125923,-78.127224,-78.128523,-78.129923,-78.130922,-78.132123,-78.132318,-78.133923,-78.135724,-78.137623,-78.139923,-78.140024,-78.14004,-78.142123,-78.143291,-78.144023,-78.146023,-78.148024,-78.148628,-78.149501,-78.150224,-78.151779,-78.152524,-78.153585,-78.153827,-78.154737,-78.154757,-78.155264,-78.159836,-78.16243,-78.162657,-78.165588,-78.16657,-78.166836,-78.16858,-78.170807,-78.173243,-78.173264,-78.173359,-78.173929,-78.173855,-78.173623,-78.173397,-78.172781,-78.172379,-78.172061,-78.171458,-78.171013,-78.170956,-78.170739,-78.170389,-78.169932,-78.169131,-78.167247,-78.166539,-78.166294,-78.166086,-78.165593,-78.165334,-78.165163,-78.165027,-78.164907,-78.1648,-78.164705,-78.164618,-78.164504,-78.164454,-78.164415,-78.164382,-78.164361,-78.164367,-78.164508,-78.164551,-78.164561,-78.164555,-78.164534,-78.164355,-78.164287,-78.164208,-78.164112,-78.164014,-78.16395,-78.164554,-78.165671,-78.167251,-78.168249,-78.168762,-78.169115,-78.169517,-78.16957,-78.170029,-78.170476,-78.170979,-78.172202,-78.173003,-78.173332,-78.173788,-78.175359,-78.176704,-78.177182,-78.177916,-78.178151,-78.178959,-78.180388,-78.180297],"lat":[37.963307,37.963577,37.963637,37.963966,37.964087,37.964158,37.964175,37.964175,37.964142,37.964339,37.964586,37.964663,37.964883,37.965047,37.965152,37.965294,37.965437,37.96569,37.965794,37.965992,37.966486,37.966552,37.96687,37.966947,37.967002,37.967029,37.967095,37.967172,37.967199,37.967315,37.967364,37.967386,37.967408,37.96743,37.96749,37.967655,37.96782,37.968006,37.96805,37.968215,37.968281,37.968528,37.968616,37.968736,37.96895,37.96906,37.969302,37.969499,37.96956,37.969664,37.969971,37.970455,37.970542,37.970586,37.970597,37.970608,37.970625,37.970723,37.970971,37.971031,37.971069,37.971174,37.971196,37.971229,37.971388,37.971574,37.971624,37.971695,37.971739,37.971767,37.971827,37.971926,37.972041,37.972123,37.972151,37.972173,37.9722,37.972178,37.972189,37.972211,37.972261,37.97231,37.972617,37.972727,37.972881,37.972925,37.972958,37.973046,37.973078,37.973122,37.973183,37.973583,37.973638,37.973759,37.973869,37.973962,37.974237,37.974346,37.974714,37.974857,37.975236,37.975296,37.975653,37.975774,37.975817,37.975894,37.975971,37.976224,37.976317,37.976504,37.976734,37.976822,37.976915,37.976981,37.977184,37.977382,37.977437,37.977547,37.977585,37.977805,37.977849,37.977892,37.977997,37.978249,37.978304,37.978343,37.978386,37.978447,37.978683,37.978979,37.9791,37.979127,37.979133,37.979116,37.9791,37.979094,37.979166,37.979363,37.979396,37.979418,37.979423,37.979407,37.979412,37.979434,37.979478,37.97956,37.979637,37.97984,37.979955,37.980169,37.980345,37.980888,37.980993,37.981064,37.981145,37.981217,37.981267,37.98131,37.981343,37.981409,37.981414,37.981403,37.981381,37.981266,37.981216,37.981041,37.981013,37.980942,37.980942,37.980953,37.981095,37.98115,37.981232,37.981331,37.981353,37.981358,37.981347,37.981303,37.981577,37.981643,37.98172,37.981781,37.981989,37.982236,37.982362,37.982445,37.982538,37.982719,37.982785,37.982906,37.98334,37.98357,37.983697,37.983883,37.98401,37.984125,37.984196,37.984257,37.984322,37.984377,37.98441,37.98447,37.984558,37.984695,37.984767,37.984789,37.984838,37.984838,37.984827,37.984717,37.984695,37.984684,37.984695,37.984722,37.984783,37.984854,37.984898,37.984958,37.985128,37.985287,37.985309,37.985392,37.985485,37.985518,37.985562,37.98582,37.985891,37.986028,37.986286,37.986445,37.986489,37.986528,37.986577,37.986654,37.986928,37.987005,37.987181,37.98723,37.987269,37.987296,37.98739,37.987428,37.987499,37.987637,37.987697,37.987884,37.987972,37.988268,37.98874,37.988844,37.989003,37.989184,37.98925,37.989651,37.989695,37.989728,37.989832,37.989876,37.990101,37.990194,37.990397,37.990463,37.990721,37.990781,37.990935,37.991127,37.991248,37.991544,37.991791,37.991917,37.992032,37.99212,37.99246,37.992509,37.992548,37.992553,37.992542,37.992526,37.992476,37.992212,37.99202,37.991916,37.991811,37.991624,37.991608,37.991597,37.991591,37.991558,37.991607,37.99164,37.991695,37.99175,37.991739,37.991607,37.991601,37.991607,37.991766,37.991793,37.991903,37.991964,37.992035,37.992084,37.992166,37.992249,37.992331,37.992402,37.99271,37.992776,37.992842,37.992902,37.992968,37.993127,37.99322,37.993308,37.993357,37.993385,37.99339,37.993385,37.993313,37.993143,37.993087,37.993076,37.993114,37.993136,37.993317,37.993416,37.993504,37.993646,37.993641,37.993553,37.993542,37.993542,37.993492,37.993481,37.993492,37.993503,37.993651,37.993689,37.993711,37.993727,37.99376,37.993913,37.994232,37.994287,37.994336,37.99438,37.994418,37.994467,37.994517,37.994594,37.994698,37.994758,37.99479,37.994823,37.994911,37.995048,37.995585,37.996102,37.996082,37.995304,37.994712,37.993956,37.993752,37.993684,37.99372,37.994554,37.994915,37.995288,37.996298,37.996488,37.996527,37.996483,37.996087,37.995973,37.99586,37.995597,37.99558,37.995761,37.995763,37.995436,37.995302,37.994714,37.993281,37.99304,37.992943,37.992905,37.992734,37.992622,37.992437,37.992179,37.991245,37.990551,37.990114,37.989782,37.989597,37.988562,37.988221,37.988047,37.988148,37.988711,37.988876,37.989033,37.989194,37.989234,37.989207,37.988815,37.988798,37.988836,37.98887,37.988984,37.988892,37.988997,37.988861,37.988741,37.988577,37.988354,37.988159,37.987667,37.987296,37.986641,37.986191,37.986026,37.985674,37.985224,37.985087,37.985064,37.985097,37.985297,37.985739,37.985955,37.986127,37.986436,37.987193,37.987433,37.987559,37.987668,37.987705,37.987479,37.987487,37.987421,37.987463,37.987581,37.988331,37.988566,37.988691,37.988832,37.988984,37.988988,37.988879,37.988361,37.98792,37.987411,37.987391,37.98751,37.987519,37.987398,37.98727,37.987243,37.987124,37.986554,37.986136,37.98599,37.985909,37.985755,37.985611,37.985097,37.984999,37.985032,37.985237,37.986765,37.987357,37.987915,37.988545,37.98885,37.989101,37.989194,37.989084,37.988887,37.988713,37.9884,37.988316,37.988246,37.988256,37.988385,37.98844,37.988451,37.988415,37.988243,37.987991,37.987988,37.988075,37.988084,37.988001,37.987845,37.987742,37.987475,37.987054,37.986665,37.986212,37.985965,37.985882,37.985318,37.985003,37.984886,37.984705,37.984439,37.984432,37.984482,37.984734,37.986377,37.986504,37.986548,37.986523,37.986396,37.986272,37.986055,37.98561,37.985207,37.984988,37.984433,37.984359,37.983973,37.983847,37.983612,37.983109,37.9831,37.982669,37.982547,37.982032,37.981932,37.98196,37.982111,37.982211,37.982379,37.982437,37.982366,37.982138,37.981821,37.980139,37.979495,37.978577,37.978397,37.978264,37.978148,37.978235,37.97851,37.978726,37.978884,37.979128,37.979351,37.979768,37.980241,37.980518,37.981123,37.981216,37.981277,37.981437,37.981504,37.981356,37.980885,37.980682,37.980479,37.980391,37.980419,37.980601,37.980604,37.980522,37.980529,37.980614,37.980902,37.981678,37.981918,37.982127,37.982439,37.982481,37.982472,37.982532,37.982488,37.982641,37.982656,37.982592,37.982464,37.981853,37.980588,37.980173,37.979896,37.978101,37.977284,37.9758,37.97478,37.973742,37.973328,37.972559,37.972076,37.971654,37.971528,37.971677,37.971706,37.971453,37.971384,37.971051,37.970991,37.971154,37.971387,37.971395,37.971574,37.971758,37.972255,37.972421,37.973042,37.973599,37.973864,37.973987,37.974112,37.974385,37.974666,37.974804,37.974828,37.97479,37.974694,37.974432,37.974296,37.973988,37.972977,37.972784,37.972455,37.972252,37.971784,37.971227,37.970921,37.970417,37.969961,37.969624,37.969304,37.969075,37.968903,37.968826,37.968629,37.967963,37.967726,37.967346,37.966594,37.966475,37.966428,37.966518,37.966652,37.966652,37.966077,37.966023,37.965815,37.965468,37.964781,37.964408,37.964096,37.9634,37.963316,37.963304,37.963224,37.962809,37.96232,37.961971,37.961726,37.961501,37.959602,37.95937,37.959291,37.95922,37.959005,37.958708,37.958114,37.957875,37.95777,37.95765,37.957575,37.957634,37.957421,37.95708,37.956949,37.956822,37.956717,37.956437,37.956191,37.956014,37.956008,37.956125,37.956528,37.956766,37.956797,37.95671,37.956587,37.956402,37.956384,37.956309,37.956291,37.956448,37.956578,37.956655,37.956775,37.956815,37.956697,37.95672,37.956898,37.957196,37.957408,37.957555,37.958147,37.959476,37.959605,37.959853,37.960188,37.960254,37.960249,37.960012,37.959785,37.959893,37.959881,37.959732,37.958875,37.958018,37.956789,37.95626,37.955757,37.955451,37.954985,37.954298,37.954159,37.953973,37.953949,37.954077,37.954208,37.95454,37.954964,37.955317,37.955521,37.9562,37.957209,37.957479,37.958294,37.958573,37.959541,37.960016,37.9601,37.960024,37.959871,37.959309,37.958924,37.958799,37.95853,37.958345,37.958106,37.957682,37.957089,37.956405,37.956105,37.955542,37.955343,37.955192,37.955035,37.954738,37.954693,37.95453,37.954168,37.953626,37.952468,37.952175,37.952011,37.951729,37.950819,37.950551,37.950217,37.949494,37.947863,37.946623,37.944694,37.944014,37.943561,37.943205,37.941233,37.940299,37.939734,37.939313,37.938602,37.938152,37.937875,37.937488,37.93656,37.936314,37.936181,37.936164,37.936256,37.936435,37.937013,37.937231,37.937397,37.937464,37.937436,37.937276,37.936854,37.936839,37.93689,37.937339,37.937645,37.937848,37.938346,37.938488,37.938601,37.93858,37.938193,37.938126,37.938164,37.938288,37.938599,37.939041,37.939263,37.939898,37.940881,37.942106,37.942229,37.944215,37.944605,37.944821,37.944909,37.944964,37.945011,37.945105,37.94545,37.945556,37.945566,37.945504,37.945538,37.945455,37.945341,37.944757,37.944622,37.944447,37.944304,37.944395,37.944313,37.943058,37.94279,37.942193,37.942028,37.941877,37.941728,37.94166,37.941424,37.940977,37.940613,37.940054,37.939669,37.939378,37.938682,37.937851,37.937661,37.937041,37.93638,37.93594,37.935495,37.935321,37.935109,37.934705,37.934319,37.933789,37.93318,37.933112,37.933057,37.93293,37.932805,37.932749,37.932791,37.933185,37.933417,37.933479,37.93347,37.933403,37.933166,37.932382,37.932179,37.932039,37.931565,37.93128,37.930782,37.930494,37.930176,37.929862,37.928329,37.928113,37.927511,37.927342,37.927295,37.927354,37.927481,37.927954,37.928235,37.928495,37.928528,37.928435,37.927736,37.927666,37.927608,37.927633,37.927435,37.927291,37.926546,37.925841,37.925207,37.924765,37.924681,37.924509,37.924072,37.923844,37.923724,37.923521,37.923326,37.92312,37.922713,37.92247,37.922139,37.921426,37.920595,37.919954,37.919708,37.91958,37.919496,37.919488,37.919623,37.920222,37.920437,37.920585,37.920542,37.920302,37.9197,37.919284,37.918414,37.918035,37.91786,37.91775,37.917526,37.917346,37.917122,37.916952,37.916817,37.916327,37.916095,37.915902,37.91577,37.915514,37.91538,37.915298,37.915233,37.915134,37.914459,37.914433,37.913909,37.91293,37.910936,37.910239,37.910079,37.909904,37.909535,37.909492,37.90968,37.909742,37.909767,37.909729,37.909782,37.910468,37.910773,37.91091,37.911343,37.911421,37.91132,37.910938,37.910697,37.910448,37.910272,37.91021,37.910194,37.910267,37.910507,37.910529,37.910242,37.909691,37.908369,37.908095,37.908074,37.908103,37.908195,37.908629,37.908876,37.909168,37.909317,37.909687,37.910425,37.910517,37.910517,37.910431,37.910262,37.910019,37.909785,37.909547,37.909349,37.909087,37.908772,37.908104,37.906962,37.906176,37.905965,37.905686,37.904842,37.903686,37.902039,37.901831,37.901785,37.901803,37.901962,37.901928,37.901844,37.901563,37.900348,37.900185,37.900054,37.899846,37.899698,37.898926,37.898683,37.898414,37.898132,37.89769,37.897443,37.897173,37.896761,37.896376,37.896089,37.895606,37.895514,37.895274,37.895083,37.894977,37.894757,37.894474,37.894152,37.893374,37.893128,37.892568,37.892432,37.892223,37.892101,37.892058,37.892135,37.892415,37.892497,37.892444,37.892475,37.892425,37.892587,37.892865,37.893151,37.89332,37.89408,37.894855,37.895271,37.895658,37.895909,37.896071,37.896153,37.896131,37.895652,37.895602,37.895205,37.894539,37.894309,37.893866,37.893632,37.893515,37.893221,37.892829,37.892394,37.891821,37.891419,37.891004,37.890493,37.890241,37.88991,37.889781,37.889655,37.889319,37.889125,37.888968,37.888808,37.888344,37.887892,37.887758,37.887377,37.887066,37.886924,37.88686,37.886802,37.886739,37.886698,37.886569,37.886198,37.885994,37.885826,37.885756,37.885638,37.885603,37.885513,37.885477,37.885455,37.885409,37.885333,37.885299,37.885252,37.885045,37.884823,37.884778,37.884696,37.884281,37.88404,37.884049,37.884144,37.884255,37.884398,37.884547,37.884655,37.884728,37.885231,37.885362,37.885455,37.885494,37.885524,37.885533,37.885526,37.8855,37.885435,37.885402,37.885373,37.885307,37.885276,37.885199,37.885131,37.885086,37.885041,37.885017,37.885017,37.885021,37.885053,37.885054,37.885068,37.885182,37.885189,37.885182,37.885168,37.885136,37.885091,37.885033,37.8849,37.884458,37.884208,37.884143,37.88405,37.883975,37.883923,37.883895,37.883887,37.883891,37.883907,37.883938,37.883978,37.884218,37.884415,37.88447,37.884551,37.88467,37.884769,37.884841,37.884914,37.885013,37.885181,37.885482,37.884535,37.884249,37.884172,37.883894,37.883479,37.883113,37.883016,37.882906,37.882599,37.882508,37.882466,37.882207,37.881861,37.881695,37.881601,37.881475,37.881119,37.880897,37.880758,37.880546,37.880432,37.880284,37.879976,37.879815,37.879537,37.879419,37.879369,37.879234,37.878833,37.878769,37.878655,37.878584,37.878488,37.878361,37.878236,37.878054,37.877879,37.877775,37.877644,37.877325,37.876927,37.876712,37.876359,37.875985,37.875644,37.875526,37.875444,37.875275,37.875183,37.874963,37.874892,37.874641,37.87454,37.874281,37.874188,37.874063,37.873744,37.873634,37.873417,37.873354,37.873164,37.872533,37.872434,37.87234,37.872268,37.872003,37.871941,37.871888,37.871827,37.871736,37.871728,37.871537,37.871511,37.871452,37.871417,37.8714,37.871395,37.8714,37.871415,37.871456,37.871507,37.871677,37.871756,37.871794,37.87189,37.871945,37.871965,37.872025,37.872042,37.872044,37.872021,37.872006,37.871977,37.871934,37.871643,37.871568,37.871518,37.871483,37.871423,37.871413,37.871387,37.871372,37.871332,37.871272,37.871175,37.871053,37.870982,37.870898,37.870812,37.870499,37.870209,37.870039,37.869908,37.86977,37.869641,37.869473,37.869363,37.869275,37.869202,37.86918,37.868885,37.868843,37.86872,37.868691,37.868667,37.868657,37.868634,37.868614,37.868489,37.868405,37.868288,37.868225,37.868163,37.868072,37.867876,37.867546,37.867409,37.867296,37.867091,37.866995,37.866914,37.866751,37.866608,37.866586,37.866498,37.866556,37.866714,37.866838,37.867384,37.867945,37.86807,37.86812,37.868574,37.868585,37.868601,37.868655,37.870384,37.871156,37.871236,37.872704,37.872719,37.872761,37.872968,37.873055,37.873277,37.873858,37.87389,37.874811,37.874977,37.875002,37.875032,37.875106,37.875216,37.87534,37.875394,37.875444,37.875466,37.875504,37.875543,37.875719,37.875745,37.875771,37.875797,37.875835,37.875932,37.875969,37.87602,37.87606,37.8761,37.876127,37.876142,37.876159,37.876176,37.876191,37.876205,37.876216,37.876222,37.876239,37.876414,37.876802,37.877226,37.877538,37.87867,37.878972,37.879139,37.879213,37.879465,37.880604,37.881207,37.881941,37.882123,37.882182,37.882444,37.882479,37.882547,37.884028,37.884162,37.884217,37.885186,37.885372,37.885436,37.885496,37.885632,37.885814,37.885843,37.885969,37.886784,37.886816,37.88684,37.887481,37.887699,37.887997,37.888063,37.888283,37.888491,37.888562,37.888592,37.889109,37.889494,37.889538,37.891398,37.891519,37.891356,37.89132,37.891304,37.891181,37.890968,37.890959,37.890968,37.891614,37.89252,37.892778,37.892916,37.893731,37.89384,37.893861,37.893919,37.895419,37.895311,37.895292,37.895077,37.894944,37.89467,37.894699,37.894914,37.895372,37.896224,37.896577,37.897299,37.897625,37.89811,37.898445,37.898804,37.898901,37.899053,37.8993,37.899535,37.89978,37.90002,37.900257,37.900511,37.900818,37.901117,37.901522,37.901643,37.901688,37.90232,37.902817,37.902961,37.903443,37.903503,37.904055,37.904113,37.904848,37.904325,37.903839,37.904093,37.904149,37.904325,37.905011,37.905108,37.905328,37.905616,37.905831,37.905849,37.905858,37.905925,37.907355,37.908345,37.908467,37.908672,37.908707,37.909005,37.909347,37.909699,37.909803,37.909797,37.91014,37.910268,37.910713,37.911776,37.912089,37.912902,37.912907,37.9162,37.91636,37.916408,37.916576,37.916597,37.916928,37.917467,37.917946,37.91797,37.917969,37.920236,37.922154,37.922186,37.922572,37.923789,37.925665,37.925996,37.926077,37.926082,37.926092,37.926103,37.926162,37.926503,37.929103,37.929113,37.929291,37.929396,37.929441,37.929447,37.929452,37.929542,37.929548,37.929941,37.930441,37.930941,37.931441,37.931842,37.932341,37.932406,37.932941,37.933742,37.93464,37.93554,37.935573,37.935578,37.93624,37.936793,37.93714,37.93804,37.938741,37.93896,37.939277,37.93954,37.940081,37.94034,37.940829,37.940942,37.941346,37.941355,37.941589,37.94369,37.944882,37.944986,37.946333,37.946787,37.94691,37.947717,37.948749,37.949878,37.949888,37.949932,37.950196,37.95021,37.950268,37.95034,37.950631,37.95083,37.950978,37.951263,37.951465,37.951487,37.951572,37.951694,37.951819,37.952035,37.952558,37.952746,37.952793,37.952819,37.952944,37.953019,37.953085,37.953148,37.953214,37.953286,37.953364,37.953447,37.953581,37.953681,37.953784,37.953915,37.954091,37.954214,37.954761,37.954991,37.955153,37.955458,37.955628,37.956408,37.956686,37.957081,37.957463,37.957909,37.958227,37.95838,37.958662,37.959043,37.95929,37.959426,37.959512,37.959621,37.959635,37.959768,37.959888,37.960033,37.960389,37.960634,37.96073,37.960884,37.961392,37.961862,37.96204,37.962301,37.962391,37.962699,37.963259,37.963307]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.094118,-78.094107,-78.094071,-78.09398,-78.09346,-78.093051,-78.093002,-78.092908,-78.092785,-78.092762,-78.092723,-78.092585,-78.092244,-78.091655,-78.091427,-78.091269,-78.091024,-78.090918,-78.090861,-78.090662,-78.090533,-78.090391,-78.090237,-78.090123,-78.08988,-78.088528,-78.088364,-78.08821,-78.088063,-78.087997,-78.087877,-78.087738,-78.087606,-78.087164,-78.087015,-78.086756,-78.086458,-78.085983,-78.085634,-78.085503,-78.08523,-78.085022,-78.084616,-78.084592,-78.084482,-78.084388,-78.084311,-78.084288,-78.084273,-78.084238,-78.084209,-78.084201,-78.084206,-78.08422,-78.084374,-78.084404,-78.084423,-78.084463,-78.0845,-78.084525,-78.084631,-78.084814,-78.084843,-78.084914,-78.084968,-78.084984,-78.084991,-78.085016,-78.085024,-78.085055,-78.085056,-78.085056,-78.085035,-78.085028,-78.085063,-78.085124,-78.085198,-78.085316,-78.085335,-78.08538,-78.085436,-78.085457,-78.085486,-78.085545,-78.085541,-78.085337,-78.084778,-78.084204,-78.083462,-78.0829,-78.082232,-78.081618,-78.081076,-78.080354,-78.080196,-78.080045,-78.079989,-78.079851,-78.07975,-78.079489,-78.078863,-78.078453,-78.078203,-78.078183,-78.078174,-78.078178,-78.077308,-78.076271,-78.07571,-78.075364,-78.073661,-78.073043,-78.072703,-78.071212,-78.070944,-78.070645,-78.070397,-78.070146,-78.069014,-78.068181,-78.06671,-78.066164,-78.065832,-78.065564,-78.06531,-78.064849,-78.064017,-78.063872,-78.063761,-78.063624,-78.063522,-78.063451,-78.06328,-78.06295,-78.062647,-78.062215,-78.061586,-78.060484,-78.060407,-78.060253,-78.060096,-78.059948,-78.059819,-78.059726,-78.059392,-78.059256,-78.05877,-78.058715,-78.058657,-78.05863,-78.058614,-78.05861,-78.058736,-78.058808,-78.058859,-78.058929,-78.058998,-78.059123,-78.059225,-78.059611,-78.059706,-78.059766,-78.059809,-78.05984,-78.059854,-78.059856,-78.05987,-78.059861,-78.059837,-78.059792,-78.059743,-78.059666,-78.059366,-78.058937,-78.05825,-78.058024,-78.057945,-78.057883,-78.057787,-78.057697,-78.057549,-78.057437,-78.057374,-78.057245,-78.057015,-78.056627,-78.056451,-78.056294,-78.056155,-78.055679,-78.055572,-78.055522,-78.055489,-78.055473,-78.055473,-78.055485,-78.055501,-78.055573,-78.055645,-78.055677,-78.05584,-78.055901,-78.055938,-78.05596,-78.055965,-78.055949,-78.055934,-78.055889,-78.055829,-78.055752,-78.055393,-78.055329,-78.055282,-78.055254,-78.055245,-78.055266,-78.055321,-78.055347,-78.055426,-78.055581,-78.055625,-78.055651,-78.05566,-78.055656,-78.055596,-78.055517,-78.055341,-78.055244,-78.055149,-78.055105,-78.055064,-78.054997,-78.05489,-78.054793,-78.054631,-78.054511,-78.054148,-78.053769,-78.053539,-78.053491,-78.053299,-78.053123,-78.052962,-78.052908,-78.052794,-78.052714,-78.05263,-78.052551,-78.052364,-78.052171,-78.052083,-78.051969,-78.051595,-78.051432,-78.0512,-78.051056,-78.050931,-78.050814,-78.05074,-78.050644,-78.050621,-78.050563,-78.050344,-78.04997,-78.049518,-78.049457,-78.049305,-78.049136,-78.049069,-78.048876,-78.048377,-78.047993,-78.047597,-78.047397,-78.047354,-78.047271,-78.046807,-78.046396,-78.046194,-78.045943,-78.045836,-78.045718,-78.045541,-78.045115,-78.044834,-78.04449,-78.044189,-78.044099,-78.043979,-78.043881,-78.043827,-78.043326,-78.042962,-78.042657,-78.042422,-78.042184,-78.041798,-78.041371,-78.041038,-78.040242,-78.039656,-78.039413,-78.038975,-78.038668,-78.038593,-78.038457,-78.038115,-78.037909,-78.037788,-78.037422,-78.037044,-78.036771,-78.036417,-78.03553,-78.035308,-78.035083,-78.034903,-78.034739,-78.034446,-78.033868,-78.033759,-78.033544,-78.033284,-78.032705,-78.03155,-78.031199,-78.031106,-78.030768,-78.029971,-78.029297,-78.029058,-78.028875,-78.028535,-78.027613,-78.027199,-78.026895,-78.026033,-78.025808,-78.025508,-78.025277,-78.0247,-78.024301,-78.023912,-78.023132,-78.022348,-78.02184,-78.021435,-78.021164,-78.020882,-78.02067,-78.01938,-78.018271,-78.017516,-78.017139,-78.0169,-78.016629,-78.016426,-78.016271,-78.016022,-78.015925,-78.015599,-78.015337,-78.015151,-78.014226,-78.013839,-78.013594,-78.013411,-78.013239,-78.013036,-78.012682,-78.012386,-78.012205,-78.012014,-78.011855,-78.010935,-78.010302,-78.010132,-78.010013,-78.009889,-78.009714,-78.009609,-78.009222,-78.008984,-78.008799,-78.008656,-78.008111,-78.007815,-78.007327,-78.006876,-78.006688,-78.006406,-78.005959,-78.005486,-78.004831,-78.004401,-78.004231,-78.003609,-78.002564,-78.001665,-78.000986,-78.000121,-77.99977,-77.999429,-77.999097,-77.998999,-77.998905,-77.998854,-77.998776,-77.99869,-77.998545,-77.99845,-77.996493,-77.996074,-77.995924,-77.995714,-77.995569,-77.995462,-77.995342,-77.995008,-77.994733,-77.994634,-77.994517,-77.993726,-77.993362,-77.993073,-77.992777,-77.992675,-77.992429,-77.992294,-77.992052,-77.991651,-77.991305,-77.990956,-77.99019,-77.989669,-77.989309,-77.988942,-77.988695,-77.987994,-77.987797,-77.987319,-77.985864,-77.985567,-77.985288,-77.984988,-77.984747,-77.984179,-77.983977,-77.983503,-77.983295,-77.983091,-77.982912,-77.982742,-77.982382,-77.982198,-77.981796,-77.981669,-77.981152,-77.980372,-77.979985,-77.979346,-77.978991,-77.978803,-77.97856,-77.978301,-77.978149,-77.978086,-77.977798,-77.977351,-77.977,-77.976721,-77.976248,-77.975886,-77.975311,-77.974923,-77.973256,-77.973057,-77.972899,-77.972728,-77.972146,-77.971639,-77.971434,-77.971226,-77.970921,-77.970728,-77.97048,-77.970216,-77.969838,-77.969251,-77.968906,-77.96832,-77.965473,-77.965256,-77.964934,-77.964767,-77.964645,-77.964412,-77.964253,-77.963953,-77.963634,-77.963491,-77.96319,-77.962989,-77.962724,-77.962497,-77.962389,-77.962212,-77.962077,-77.961735,-77.961679,-77.961322,-77.961115,-77.961054,-77.960966,-77.960747,-77.960679,-77.960535,-77.96033,-77.960202,-77.960083,-77.959959,-77.959758,-77.959242,-77.958947,-77.958696,-77.958546,-77.958064,-77.957402,-77.956996,-77.956086,-77.95566,-77.955195,-77.954831,-77.954777,-77.954371,-77.954072,-77.953832,-77.953655,-77.953211,-77.952785,-77.952577,-77.95229,-77.95161,-77.951401,-77.951167,-77.95105,-77.950116,-77.94999,-77.949599,-77.949085,-77.948777,-77.948547,-77.948222,-77.947744,-77.947489,-77.946743,-77.94638,-77.946182,-77.945672,-77.94518,-77.94497,-77.944779,-77.944611,-77.944061,-77.943841,-77.943264,-77.943038,-77.942908,-77.942739,-77.9426,-77.942443,-77.942237,-77.941971,-77.941666,-77.941363,-77.940968,-77.940653,-77.940244,-77.939907,-77.939725,-77.939589,-77.93956,-77.939171,-77.938801,-77.93855,-77.938219,-77.937725,-77.937398,-77.936818,-77.936134,-77.935584,-77.935523,-77.935388,-77.935127,-77.934867,-77.934355,-77.934027,-77.933761,-77.93366,-77.933293,-77.932975,-77.932723,-77.93249,-77.932262,-77.932031,-77.931608,-77.930814,-77.929878,-77.929599,-77.929445,-77.928914,-77.928522,-77.92832,-77.928242,-77.928035,-77.92776,-77.927588,-77.927478,-77.927113,-77.92686,-77.9266,-77.926092,-77.925609,-77.924749,-77.924244,-77.923992,-77.923711,-77.923622,-77.923551,-77.923473,-77.923657,-77.92418,-77.924479,-77.926522,-77.926627,-77.926718,-77.926806,-77.926937,-77.92752,-77.927596,-77.927632,-77.927683,-77.927742,-77.927802,-77.928046,-77.928379,-77.928842,-77.929332,-77.929553,-77.929615,-77.929689,-77.929776,-77.929963,-77.9301,-77.930317,-77.930797,-77.930895,-77.931026,-77.931165,-77.931264,-77.931438,-77.931628,-77.931783,-77.93213,-77.932243,-77.932426,-77.932539,-77.932597,-77.932693,-77.932766,-77.932867,-77.932898,-77.932963,-77.933051,-77.933156,-77.933402,-77.934242,-77.934512,-77.93483,-77.935342,-77.935684,-77.936007,-77.936173,-77.936321,-77.936428,-77.936522,-77.936659,-77.936944,-77.937158,-77.937307,-77.937455,-77.937579,-77.93785,-77.937964,-77.938234,-77.938364,-77.938503,-77.938615,-77.938724,-77.939008,-77.939112,-77.939241,-77.939359,-77.939704,-77.940246,-77.940627,-77.940975,-77.941637,-77.941965,-77.942697,-77.943006,-77.943806,-77.943939,-77.944052,-77.944203,-77.944516,-77.944737,-77.944959,-77.945201,-77.945942,-77.946256,-77.946473,-77.9468,-77.946905,-77.947192,-77.947353,-77.947581,-77.947756,-77.947935,-77.948058,-77.948229,-77.948318,-77.948411,-77.948497,-77.94857,-77.948669,-77.948868,-77.948971,-77.949104,-77.94933,-77.949596,-77.949811,-77.950017,-77.950086,-77.950319,-77.950434,-77.950499,-77.95058,-77.95068,-77.950741,-77.95085,-77.950865,-77.950949,-77.951056,-77.951061,-77.951086,-77.951143,-77.95116,-77.951206,-77.951276,-77.951306,-77.951378,-77.951623,-77.951743,-77.951934,-77.951978,-77.952014,-77.952168,-77.952376,-77.952482,-77.952565,-77.952654,-77.952724,-77.952824,-77.952859,-77.952963,-77.95313,-77.953341,-77.953822,-77.954049,-77.954141,-77.954241,-77.95435,-77.954459,-77.954702,-77.954954,-77.955228,-77.955753,-77.956094,-77.956395,-77.956444,-77.956482,-77.956573,-77.956616,-77.956656,-77.956704,-77.956804,-77.956841,-77.956901,-77.956953,-77.956973,-77.957116,-77.957188,-77.957215,-77.957243,-77.957275,-77.957325,-77.957384,-77.957479,-77.957567,-77.957614,-77.95771,-77.958181,-77.958354,-77.958588,-77.958766,-77.959084,-77.959279,-77.959517,-77.960029,-77.960707,-77.960941,-77.961065,-77.96118,-77.961252,-77.961288,-77.961314,-77.961312,-77.961305,-77.961285,-77.961244,-77.960857,-77.960824,-77.960689,-77.960609,-77.960509,-77.96034,-77.960141,-77.960049,-77.959987,-77.959948,-77.959926,-77.959854,-77.959823,-77.959663,-77.959573,-77.959421,-77.959361,-77.959338,-77.958968,-77.958886,-77.958612,-77.958479,-77.958368,-77.958069,-77.958017,-77.957969,-77.957898,-77.95787,-77.957727,-77.957641,-77.957627,-77.95758,-77.957521,-77.957462,-77.957382,-77.957227,-77.957131,-77.957091,-77.956978,-77.957464,-77.958216,-77.958173,-77.958125,-77.958099,-77.958045,-77.957988,-77.957933,-77.957749,-77.957709,-77.957691,-77.957653,-77.957597,-77.957508,-77.957435,-77.957302,-77.957164,-77.957121,-77.956955,-77.956885,-77.95684,-77.956805,-77.956797,-77.956808,-77.956836,-77.956882,-77.956931,-77.957228,-77.9575,-77.957625,-77.957885,-77.958047,-77.958156,-77.958243,-77.958425,-77.958745,-77.958987,-77.959288,-77.959602,-77.959816,-77.959991,-77.960216,-77.960448,-77.960638,-77.961033,-77.961426,-77.961782,-77.962109,-77.962181,-77.962355,-77.96252,-77.962655,-77.962781,-77.962937,-77.963085,-77.963444,-77.963895,-77.964124,-77.964243,-77.964341,-77.964438,-77.964583,-77.964621,-77.96467,-77.964677,-77.964701,-77.964707,-77.964691,-77.964629,-77.964503,-77.964484,-77.964485,-77.964499,-77.964559,-77.964605,-77.964671,-77.964782,-77.964946,-77.965308,-77.965514,-77.965642,-77.965739,-77.965856,-77.965946,-77.966139,-77.96619,-77.966257,-77.966399,-77.966543,-77.966756,-77.966948,-77.967106,-77.967294,-77.967417,-77.967594,-77.967717,-77.967821,-77.96954,-77.969726,-77.969856,-77.970037,-77.970814,-77.97101,-77.971159,-77.971262,-77.971443,-77.971629,-77.971799,-77.971961,-77.972138,-77.972311,-77.972506,-77.972597,-77.972656,-77.972693,-77.972707,-77.972703,-77.972662,-77.972648,-77.972652,-77.972674,-77.972689,-77.972748,-77.972784,-77.972816,-77.972865,-77.972894,-77.972995,-77.97309,-77.973228,-77.97326,-77.973305,-77.973366,-77.973411,-77.973435,-77.973466,-77.973471,-77.973457,-77.973448,-77.973425,-77.973332,-77.973011,-77.973004,-77.972818,-77.972726,-77.972611,-77.972499,-77.972349,-77.972167,-77.972038,-77.971925,-77.971846,-77.971795,-77.9717,-77.971636,-77.971596,-77.971486,-77.971226,-77.971167,-77.97111,-77.971074,-77.971058,-77.971061,-77.971095,-77.971107,-77.971156,-77.971154,-77.971136,-77.971101,-77.970942,-77.970842,-77.970727,-77.970636,-77.970561,-77.970174,-77.970059,-77.969998,-77.969938,-77.969896,-77.969872,-77.969866,-77.969863,-77.969848,-77.969806,-77.9698,-77.969799,-77.969771,-77.969747,-77.969694,-77.969619,-77.969521,-77.969448,-77.969325,-77.969146,-77.969054,-77.968904,-77.968757,-77.968214,-77.967634,-77.967163,-77.966673,-77.966519,-77.966375,-77.966316,-77.966167,-77.966033,-77.965396,-77.964793,-77.964463,-77.964002,-77.963937,-77.963882,-77.963857,-77.963851,-77.963862,-77.963874,-77.963972,-77.964129,-77.964301,-77.964536,-77.964832,-77.964895,-77.964933,-77.964956,-77.964949,-77.964948,-77.964935,-77.964942,-77.964974,-77.965031,-77.965113,-77.965198,-77.96537,-77.965413,-77.965461,-77.965554,-77.96562,-77.965655,-77.965702,-77.965736,-77.96577,-77.965797,-77.9658,-77.965807,-77.965799,-77.965696,-77.96568,-77.965682,-77.965696,-77.965729,-77.965856,-77.965955,-77.966073,-77.966202,-77.966486,-77.966969,-77.967137,-77.967269,-77.967335,-77.967357,-77.967372,-77.967377,-77.967368,-77.967405,-77.967478,-77.967499,-77.967563,-77.967623,-77.967687,-77.96775,-77.967817,-77.967866,-77.967896,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967912,-77.967891,-77.967895,-77.967922,-77.967966,-77.968207,-77.968297,-77.968335,-77.968391,-77.968419,-77.968428,-77.968362,-77.968331,-77.968341,-77.968362,-77.968373,-77.968503,-77.968575,-77.968835,-77.968866,-77.968956,-77.968981,-77.968997,-77.968994,-77.968973,-77.968855,-77.968597,-77.968366,-77.968307,-77.968198,-77.96805,-77.967916,-77.967466,-77.96698,-77.96629,-77.965848,-77.965376,-77.965252,-77.964999,-77.964501,-77.9643,-77.96401,-77.963804,-77.963529,-77.963453,-77.963414,-77.963315,-77.963236,-77.962992,-77.962292,-77.961407,-77.960457,-77.959875,-77.958958,-77.958723,-77.958663,-77.958482,-77.958285,-77.957841,-77.957417,-77.956863,-77.95636,-77.955961,-77.955661,-77.955386,-77.954969,-77.954561,-77.954111,-77.953794,-77.953548,-77.95325,-77.953093,-77.952884,-77.952409,-77.952053,-77.951686,-77.951754,-77.951907,-77.952087,-77.952187,-77.952297,-77.95254,-77.952678,-77.952789,-77.952811,-77.952977,-77.953104,-77.953277,-77.953606,-77.954405,-77.954753,-77.955367,-77.955851,-77.95606,-77.95611,-77.956202,-77.95645,-77.956565,-77.956839,-77.957592,-77.958135,-77.95973,-77.961072,-77.961297,-77.961414,-77.96155,-77.961611,-77.96165,-77.961738,-77.961808,-77.961862,-77.961902,-77.961954,-77.961949,-77.961938,-77.961931,-77.961867,-77.961842,-77.96182,-77.961755,-77.961735,-77.961726,-77.961725,-77.96174,-77.96178,-77.961913,-77.961959,-77.961974,-77.962507,-77.962821,-77.963682,-77.964172,-77.96457,-77.964983,-77.965475,-77.966236,-77.967089,-77.967261,-77.967474,-77.967679,-77.967732,-77.967872,-77.967924,-77.968299,-77.968744,-77.969281,-77.969963,-77.970201,-77.970224,-77.970059,-77.969986,-77.970045,-77.969921,-77.969803,-77.969022,-77.968499,-77.968343,-77.968325,-77.968591,-77.969053,-77.968955,-77.969017,-77.96912,-77.96986,-77.970107,-77.970176,-77.97014,-77.970256,-77.971733,-77.971978,-77.973243,-77.973948,-77.974398,-77.974608,-77.974931,-77.974861,-77.974922,-77.975127,-77.975482,-77.975891,-77.976883,-77.978988,-77.980158,-77.981824,-77.982227,-77.982423,-77.982567,-77.982593,-77.982304,-77.982336,-77.982666,-77.982586,-77.982624,-77.982768,-77.983056,-77.983073,-77.983351,-77.983653,-77.98396,-77.98488,-77.985605,-77.986085,-77.986347,-77.986988,-77.987548,-77.989277,-77.991162,-77.991473,-77.991788,-77.994056,-77.994711,-77.995206,-77.995511,-77.995805,-77.995955,-77.996166,-77.996312,-77.996556,-77.996873,-77.997196,-77.997524,-77.998285,-77.998681,-77.998732,-77.99842,-77.998148,-77.998096,-77.998111,-77.998295,-77.998511,-77.998519,-77.998434,-77.998049,-77.996495,-77.995953,-77.995092,-77.994291,-77.994037,-77.993973,-77.99376,-77.993751,-77.993829,-77.994086,-77.994631,-77.995055,-77.995423,-77.995658,-77.9962,-77.996594,-77.997232,-77.997482,-77.997575,-77.997681,-77.997817,-77.998307,-77.998959,-77.999188,-77.999384,-77.999658,-78.0004,-78.00062,-78.001089,-78.001561,-78.001745,-78.00209,-78.002427,-78.002719,-78.002972,-78.003002,-78.002923,-78.002828,-78.002192,-78.001621,-78.001552,-78.001555,-78.001771,-78.002175,-78.002445,-78.002919,-78.003188,-78.003874,-78.004187,-78.005101,-78.005851,-78.006453,-78.00702,-78.007383,-78.007604,-78.008014,-78.00821,-78.008328,-78.008553,-78.009128,-78.009747,-78.010701,-78.011109,-78.011369,-78.011958,-78.012283,-78.012369,-78.012667,-78.012726,-78.012853,-78.013166,-78.013668,-78.01411,-78.014471,-78.014766,-78.015169,-78.015516,-78.015741,-78.016352,-78.016702,-78.016787,-78.016839,-78.016851,-78.01682,-78.016984,-78.017234,-78.017495,-78.018149,-78.018421,-78.018695,-78.018923,-78.019708,-78.020383,-78.021173,-78.021833,-78.021982,-78.02205,-78.022024,-78.022379,-78.022769,-78.023018,-78.023115,-78.023105,-78.022855,-78.022985,-78.023219,-78.023687,-78.023996,-78.024343,-78.024731,-78.026462,-78.026594,-78.026608,-78.026395,-78.025882,-78.025541,-78.025293,-78.02461,-78.02441,-78.023966,-78.023896,-78.023483,-78.023203,-78.023232,-78.022996,-78.022936,-78.021034,-78.020669,-78.020249,-78.019347,-78.019129,-78.019048,-78.019733,-78.01998,-78.020075,-78.020206,-78.020306,-78.020456,-78.021105,-78.021567,-78.02185,-78.021994,-78.022094,-78.022047,-78.021934,-78.021546,-78.021381,-78.021437,-78.021778,-78.021891,-78.021738,-78.021826,-78.022033,-78.022628,-78.022924,-78.023285,-78.023694,-78.024544,-78.025434,-78.026071,-78.026875,-78.027352,-78.027891,-78.02828,-78.029089,-78.029164,-78.02917,-78.029448,-78.029839,-78.029874,-78.030959,-78.031431,-78.031825,-78.032578,-78.033023,-78.033514,-78.033732,-78.034012,-78.034171,-78.034507,-78.034816,-78.034975,-78.035061,-78.035388,-78.03578,-78.036487,-78.036765,-78.037008,-78.036972,-78.036554,-78.035819,-78.035634,-78.035773,-78.036127,-78.036443,-78.036743,-78.036948,-78.037209,-78.037754,-78.03802,-78.038939,-78.039713,-78.040043,-78.040755,-78.04102,-78.041215,-78.04158,-78.0425,-78.045309,-78.046608,-78.047201,-78.047642,-78.048142,-78.048643,-78.050244,-78.051826,-78.052274,-78.053347,-78.05356,-78.053695,-78.054007,-78.053999,-78.053523,-78.052792,-78.052663,-78.052695,-78.052791,-78.053022,-78.053488,-78.053972,-78.054646,-78.055068,-78.055411,-78.056914,-78.057623,-78.059068,-78.059431,-78.059781,-78.060037,-78.060533,-78.060934,-78.061085,-78.061315,-78.061444,-78.061629,-78.062247,-78.062337,-78.063057,-78.063074,-78.06405,-78.06461,-78.065035,-78.067085,-78.067293,-78.068067,-78.068298,-78.068586,-78.068748,-78.068901,-78.069062,-78.069387,-78.069566,-78.069834,-78.070053,-78.071487,-78.071805,-78.071975,-78.072187,-78.072666,-78.073258,-78.073485,-78.073776,-78.074125,-78.074163,-78.074276,-78.074386,-78.074414,-78.074344,-78.074459,-78.074644,-78.075203,-78.075694,-78.075974,-78.07632,-78.076638,-78.077634,-78.079079,-78.079381,-78.079838,-78.080054,-78.080271,-78.080452,-78.080659,-78.080697,-78.080832,-78.080897,-78.080929,-78.080998,-78.081066,-78.081239,-78.081428,-78.081633,-78.081777,-78.081881,-78.082012,-78.082065,-78.082184,-78.082255,-78.082282,-78.082282,-78.082263,-78.082226,-78.082184,-78.082066,-78.08196,-78.081814,-78.081652,-78.081477,-78.081427,-78.081505,-78.08157,-78.08162,-78.081648,-78.081668,-78.081672,-78.081655,-78.081625,-78.081562,-78.081464,-78.081394,-78.081359,-78.081342,-78.081343,-78.081362,-78.081387,-78.081398,-78.081465,-78.08154,-78.081648,-78.081749,-78.081798,-78.081891,-78.082016,-78.083363,-78.083438,-78.083531,-78.083608,-78.084044,-78.084198,-78.084265,-78.0843,-78.08435,-78.0844,-78.084452,-78.084534,-78.084632,-78.084723,-78.08494,-78.085173,-78.08527,-78.085555,-78.085827,-78.085958,-78.086106,-78.086235,-78.08641,-78.086638,-78.086939,-78.087252,-78.087373,-78.08756,-78.088024,-78.088411,-78.088622,-78.088877,-78.089147,-78.089453,-78.089768,-78.090633,-78.090864,-78.09098,-78.091063,-78.091154,-78.091215,-78.091264,-78.091288,-78.091297,-78.091304,-78.0913,-78.091327,-78.091356,-78.091411,-78.091475,-78.091551,-78.091652,-78.09169,-78.091701,-78.091693,-78.09167,-78.091629,-78.091585,-78.091522,-78.091442,-78.091345,-78.091254,-78.090914,-78.090866,-78.090829,-78.090808,-78.090805,-78.090816,-78.090837,-78.090884,-78.090947,-78.091025,-78.091098,-78.091194,-78.091287,-78.091526,-78.091731,-78.091945,-78.092246,-78.092667,-78.09307,-78.093434,-78.093548,-78.093631,-78.093706,-78.093786,-78.09385,-78.093913,-78.093977,-78.094025,-78.094037,-78.094097,-78.09411,-78.094118],"lat":[38.019996,38.020186,38.020404,38.020817,38.02279,38.024303,38.024484,38.024787,38.02515,38.025211,38.025278,38.025473,38.025902,38.026552,38.026839,38.027065,38.027452,38.027609,38.027684,38.027916,38.028042,38.028159,38.028264,38.028331,38.02845,38.029017,38.029094,38.029183,38.029287,38.029341,38.02944,38.029579,38.029734,38.030234,38.030393,38.030647,38.030917,38.031313,38.031615,38.031737,38.03199,38.032198,38.032612,38.032637,38.032772,38.032914,38.033062,38.033123,38.033241,38.033364,38.033627,38.033831,38.033918,38.034248,38.03593,38.036206,38.036387,38.036827,38.037048,38.037158,38.03759,38.038237,38.038326,38.038638,38.038952,38.039085,38.039158,38.039587,38.040265,38.040622,38.040781,38.040997,38.041289,38.041388,38.042505,38.043076,38.043611,38.044519,38.04467,38.045174,38.046402,38.046684,38.047231,38.048472,38.048799,38.048868,38.04908,38.049281,38.049522,38.049684,38.049851,38.049992,38.050106,38.05027,38.050318,38.05038,38.050408,38.050487,38.050559,38.050774,38.051315,38.051681,38.051886,38.051917,38.05196,38.051993,38.05172,38.051401,38.051226,38.051122,38.050592,38.050399,38.050294,38.04983,38.049763,38.049708,38.04968,38.049666,38.049672,38.049688,38.049707,38.049704,38.04969,38.049739,38.04977,38.049809,38.049864,38.049888,38.049918,38.049988,38.050025,38.050042,38.05006,38.050066,38.050086,38.050137,38.050228,38.050408,38.050425,38.050469,38.050528,38.0506,38.050691,38.050771,38.051111,38.051243,38.051764,38.051838,38.051952,38.052032,38.052115,38.052219,38.053236,38.05369,38.053911,38.054129,38.0543,38.054554,38.05476,38.055468,38.055696,38.05589,38.056087,38.056379,38.056632,38.057202,38.05802,38.05872,38.058862,38.059036,38.059173,38.059341,38.059854,38.060649,38.061636,38.062006,38.062173,38.062345,38.062666,38.062953,38.063425,38.063812,38.064033,38.064371,38.0648,38.065455,38.065789,38.066129,38.066474,38.067535,38.067772,38.067924,38.068079,38.068237,38.068363,38.068488,38.068582,38.068835,38.069057,38.069148,38.069563,38.069786,38.069967,38.070131,38.070251,38.070431,38.07051,38.070666,38.070808,38.070945,38.071462,38.071581,38.071705,38.071833,38.071962,38.072274,38.072735,38.072899,38.07319,38.07364,38.07382,38.074002,38.074185,38.074295,38.074685,38.075076,38.075837,38.076191,38.07649,38.076596,38.07668,38.076803,38.076969,38.077097,38.07728,38.077395,38.077766,38.078127,38.078338,38.078382,38.07858,38.078786,38.079,38.079086,38.079297,38.07947,38.07969,38.079934,38.080512,38.08102,38.081233,38.081494,38.082311,38.082612,38.083007,38.08329,38.083578,38.083889,38.084055,38.084223,38.084258,38.084347,38.08464,38.08515,38.085765,38.085848,38.086027,38.086201,38.086263,38.086429,38.086803,38.087072,38.087328,38.08745,38.087476,38.087523,38.087808,38.088017,38.088103,38.088188,38.088213,38.08823,38.088246,38.088267,38.088291,38.08833,38.08838,38.088399,38.08843,38.088448,38.088458,38.088577,38.088655,38.088706,38.08873,38.088741,38.088714,38.088678,38.088659,38.088608,38.088579,38.088571,38.088567,38.08859,38.088601,38.088628,38.08871,38.088768,38.088807,38.088911,38.089007,38.089065,38.089123,38.089241,38.089259,38.089262,38.089254,38.089239,38.089203,38.089104,38.089089,38.089063,38.089042,38.089033,38.089047,38.089058,38.089061,38.089071,38.089104,38.089112,38.089109,38.0891,38.089076,38.088984,38.088936,38.088897,38.088766,38.088736,38.088707,38.088689,38.088661,38.088663,38.088678,38.088697,38.088709,38.088703,38.088705,38.088721,38.088748,38.08878,38.089024,38.089216,38.089365,38.089449,38.089515,38.089602,38.089682,38.089755,38.089894,38.089953,38.090211,38.090444,38.090635,38.091647,38.092096,38.092395,38.092588,38.092747,38.092914,38.093173,38.093366,38.093463,38.093546,38.093604,38.093882,38.094064,38.094099,38.094114,38.094123,38.094123,38.094116,38.094059,38.09402,38.094001,38.093995,38.094007,38.094024,38.094059,38.094079,38.094077,38.094074,38.094062,38.094068,38.094113,38.09416,38.094184,38.094288,38.094452,38.094586,38.094682,38.094839,38.094906,38.094946,38.094976,38.094974,38.094963,38.09495,38.094915,38.094962,38.095026,38.095061,38.095698,38.095841,38.095906,38.096018,38.096114,38.096199,38.096315,38.096692,38.097072,38.097224,38.097301,38.097807,38.098056,38.098262,38.098445,38.098502,38.098622,38.098679,38.098769,38.0989,38.099002,38.099096,38.099271,38.099362,38.099429,38.099497,38.099549,38.099725,38.099767,38.099857,38.100166,38.100232,38.100278,38.100304,38.100314,38.100318,38.100315,38.100289,38.100262,38.100223,38.100171,38.100104,38.09993,38.099823,38.099544,38.09945,38.099101,38.098597,38.098358,38.098053,38.097907,38.097845,38.097787,38.097746,38.097736,38.097737,38.097735,38.097742,38.097736,38.097717,38.097666,38.097642,38.097616,38.09761,38.097548,38.097527,38.097499,38.097459,38.097296,38.097165,38.097125,38.0971,38.097075,38.097056,38.09704,38.097015,38.096991,38.096947,38.096935,38.096928,38.096862,38.096845,38.096799,38.096756,38.096717,38.096613,38.09653,38.096402,38.096302,38.096271,38.096235,38.096216,38.096199,38.096164,38.096138,38.096078,38.096021,38.095875,38.095851,38.095677,38.09557,38.095533,38.095469,38.095281,38.095228,38.095131,38.095025,38.094976,38.094949,38.094937,38.094935,38.09494,38.094935,38.094917,38.0949,38.09482,38.09474,38.094661,38.094504,38.094445,38.094403,38.094345,38.094333,38.094247,38.094168,38.094089,38.094023,38.093835,38.093648,38.093548,38.093389,38.09293,38.09278,38.092604,38.092511,38.091753,38.091654,38.091386,38.091043,38.090824,38.090645,38.090384,38.089965,38.089727,38.089014,38.088686,38.088506,38.088071,38.087668,38.087526,38.087416,38.08734,38.087128,38.087035,38.086773,38.086681,38.08664,38.086601,38.08658,38.086566,38.08656,38.086564,38.086586,38.086623,38.086685,38.086739,38.086791,38.086818,38.086822,38.086819,38.08682,38.086792,38.086758,38.086729,38.086675,38.086553,38.086465,38.086335,38.086226,38.086166,38.08616,38.086147,38.086134,38.086136,38.086155,38.086163,38.086157,38.086151,38.086118,38.086076,38.086033,38.085976,38.085907,38.08582,38.08564,38.085308,38.08489,38.084748,38.08466,38.084367,38.084156,38.084027,38.083971,38.083782,38.083518,38.083382,38.083306,38.083111,38.083017,38.082938,38.082815,38.082709,38.082548,38.082459,38.082421,38.082366,38.082363,38.08237,38.082391,38.082257,38.081857,38.081625,38.080069,38.079965,38.079853,38.079707,38.079455,38.078122,38.077988,38.077939,38.077894,38.077859,38.077836,38.077806,38.07778,38.077734,38.077679,38.077643,38.077629,38.077608,38.077572,38.077466,38.077367,38.077202,38.076857,38.076803,38.076745,38.0767,38.076683,38.07666,38.076627,38.076588,38.076469,38.076425,38.076324,38.076244,38.076192,38.076075,38.075968,38.075787,38.075739,38.075663,38.075591,38.075518,38.075378,38.074941,38.074815,38.07469,38.074512,38.074382,38.074236,38.074142,38.074041,38.07395,38.073848,38.073651,38.073117,38.072732,38.072469,38.072238,38.072066,38.071764,38.071655,38.071412,38.071288,38.071136,38.070993,38.070824,38.070293,38.070147,38.069993,38.069874,38.06956,38.069045,38.068672,38.068317,38.067623,38.067305,38.066695,38.066407,38.065608,38.065502,38.065423,38.065335,38.065184,38.065084,38.064977,38.064854,38.064493,38.064329,38.064193,38.063963,38.063891,38.063681,38.063554,38.063351,38.06317,38.062951,38.06278,38.062515,38.062357,38.062143,38.061877,38.06154,38.061175,38.06047,38.060161,38.059798,38.05925,38.058696,38.05831,38.05796,38.057851,38.057471,38.057275,38.057169,38.057015,38.056781,38.056593,38.056103,38.056015,38.05558,38.054893,38.054853,38.054658,38.054312,38.054184,38.05397,38.053744,38.053664,38.0535,38.053026,38.052821,38.052471,38.052377,38.052295,38.051894,38.051382,38.051171,38.051045,38.050936,38.050868,38.050791,38.050769,38.05071,38.05063,38.050549,38.050362,38.050254,38.050202,38.05013,38.050025,38.049893,38.049535,38.04914,38.048744,38.047908,38.047391,38.046957,38.046869,38.046793,38.046574,38.046423,38.046166,38.045685,38.044145,38.043695,38.042812,38.042059,38.041783,38.040122,38.039125,38.038692,38.038484,38.038363,38.038246,38.03815,38.038028,38.037936,38.037893,38.03781,38.037446,38.037322,38.037144,38.036993,38.036698,38.036485,38.036211,38.035591,38.03473,38.034425,38.03426,38.034101,38.033987,38.033901,38.033789,38.033696,38.03363,38.033542,38.033442,38.032703,38.032627,38.032383,38.032227,38.032042,38.031696,38.031256,38.031022,38.030833,38.030687,38.030593,38.030202,38.02999,38.028975,38.028363,38.027662,38.027455,38.027389,38.026308,38.026068,38.025219,38.024862,38.024597,38.024003,38.023855,38.023603,38.023129,38.022995,38.022298,38.021901,38.021796,38.02159,38.02142,38.021288,38.02114,38.020889,38.02075,38.020693,38.020564,38.020124,38.019454,38.019409,38.019315,38.019236,38.018962,38.018608,38.018174,38.016572,38.016182,38.016026,38.01583,38.015636,38.015409,38.015261,38.015013,38.014777,38.014697,38.014385,38.014204,38.014043,38.013847,38.013706,38.013564,38.013424,38.013288,38.013181,38.012589,38.01204,38.011789,38.011266,38.010976,38.010827,38.010718,38.010525,38.010237,38.01005,38.009832,38.009621,38.009508,38.009438,38.009362,38.009299,38.009259,38.009196,38.009146,38.009094,38.009014,38.008991,38.008925,38.008846,38.008769,38.008684,38.008559,38.008417,38.008,38.00744,38.007144,38.00698,38.006817,38.006621,38.006308,38.006201,38.00602,38.005979,38.005837,38.005676,38.005392,38.004886,38.003702,38.003336,38.003188,38.003041,38.002715,38.002543,38.002348,38.002053,38.001655,38.000837,38.000317,37.999992,37.999719,37.999449,37.999275,37.998954,37.99888,37.998814,37.998719,37.99889,37.999121,37.999294,37.999416,37.999559,37.999668,37.99956,37.999504,37.999469,37.998962,37.998891,37.998832,37.998733,37.998219,37.998096,37.997991,37.997908,37.997748,37.997564,37.99737,37.997171,37.99692,37.996656,37.996301,37.996096,37.995928,37.99579,37.99567,37.995548,37.995255,37.995007,37.994635,37.994295,37.994159,37.993274,37.992857,37.992707,37.992559,37.99249,37.992305,37.992172,37.992005,37.991957,37.991884,37.991758,37.991628,37.991521,37.991268,37.991067,37.990867,37.990798,37.990668,37.990259,37.989071,37.989042,37.988576,37.988407,37.988247,37.988122,37.987984,37.987795,37.987634,37.987465,37.987326,37.987219,37.986938,37.986711,37.986539,37.986146,37.985437,37.985241,37.984994,37.98475,37.984505,37.98426,37.98384,37.983701,37.983138,37.98301,37.98285,37.982692,37.982212,37.981879,37.981587,37.981396,37.981255,37.980678,37.980508,37.980397,37.980253,37.980105,37.979954,37.979864,37.979697,37.979579,37.979071,37.978958,37.978936,37.978348,37.978194,37.978007,37.977837,37.977652,37.977545,37.977378,37.977159,37.977068,37.976932,37.976814,37.976444,37.976084,37.97586,37.975677,37.975609,37.97553,37.975487,37.975354,37.975212,37.974405,37.973627,37.973163,37.972493,37.972374,37.972225,37.972105,37.971986,37.971875,37.971819,37.971514,37.971133,37.970808,37.970368,37.969695,37.969515,37.969368,37.968943,37.968527,37.968414,37.968219,37.968114,37.967904,37.967698,37.967497,37.967335,37.96688,37.966711,37.966521,37.965962,37.965397,37.964996,37.964667,37.964474,37.964335,37.96416,37.964115,37.963983,37.963806,37.963103,37.962952,37.962801,37.96268,37.962531,37.962136,37.961786,37.961396,37.961109,37.960657,37.959971,37.959691,37.959391,37.959152,37.959048,37.958975,37.958771,37.958372,37.958138,37.957833,37.957704,37.957381,37.957142,37.956949,37.956808,37.956639,37.956466,37.95629,37.955729,37.955437,37.955253,37.954957,37.954868,37.954728,37.954592,37.954073,37.953867,37.953801,37.953663,37.953544,37.953423,37.952298,37.951642,37.951259,37.951114,37.951071,37.950689,37.950528,37.950075,37.95003,37.949866,37.949791,37.949696,37.9496,37.949505,37.949322,37.949013,37.948758,37.948704,37.948623,37.948539,37.948484,37.948357,37.948203,37.947994,37.947887,37.94778,37.947748,37.9477,37.947646,37.947619,37.947586,37.947551,37.947486,37.947462,37.947448,37.947399,37.947352,37.947195,37.946812,37.946357,37.945824,37.945508,37.944997,37.944923,37.944908,37.944864,37.944827,37.944736,37.944642,37.944528,37.944433,37.944351,37.944278,37.944195,37.944023,37.943839,37.943618,37.943448,37.943303,37.943113,37.942995,37.942858,37.94258,37.942391,37.942215,37.942162,37.942031,37.941859,37.941733,37.941569,37.941123,37.940845,37.940655,37.940618,37.940391,37.940246,37.940073,37.939785,37.939118,37.938817,37.938302,37.937906,37.937747,37.937714,37.937655,37.937513,37.937459,37.93734,37.937062,37.936871,37.936324,37.93589,37.9358,37.935744,37.935658,37.935609,37.935567,37.935456,37.935338,37.935214,37.935063,37.934754,37.934419,37.934251,37.934195,37.933877,37.933798,37.933726,37.933489,37.93332,37.933247,37.932975,37.932846,37.932633,37.932214,37.932081,37.932039,37.932179,37.932382,37.933166,37.933403,37.93347,37.933479,37.933417,37.933185,37.932791,37.932749,37.932805,37.93293,37.933057,37.933112,37.93318,37.933789,37.934319,37.934705,37.935109,37.935321,37.935495,37.93594,37.93638,37.937041,37.937661,37.937851,37.938682,37.939378,37.939669,37.940054,37.940613,37.940977,37.941424,37.94166,37.941728,37.941877,37.942028,37.942193,37.94279,37.943058,37.944313,37.944395,37.944304,37.944447,37.944622,37.944757,37.945341,37.945455,37.945538,37.945504,37.945566,37.945556,37.94545,37.945105,37.945011,37.944964,37.944909,37.944821,37.944605,37.944215,37.942229,37.942106,37.940881,37.939898,37.939263,37.939041,37.938599,37.938288,37.938164,37.938126,37.938193,37.93858,37.938601,37.938488,37.938346,37.937848,37.937645,37.937339,37.93689,37.936839,37.936854,37.937276,37.937436,37.937464,37.937397,37.937231,37.937013,37.936435,37.936256,37.936164,37.936181,37.936314,37.93656,37.937488,37.937875,37.938152,37.938602,37.939313,37.939734,37.940299,37.941233,37.943205,37.943561,37.944014,37.944694,37.946623,37.947863,37.949494,37.950217,37.950551,37.950819,37.951729,37.952011,37.952175,37.952468,37.953626,37.954168,37.95453,37.954693,37.954738,37.955035,37.955192,37.955343,37.955542,37.956105,37.956405,37.957089,37.957682,37.958106,37.958345,37.95853,37.958799,37.958924,37.959309,37.959871,37.960024,37.9601,37.960016,37.959541,37.958573,37.958294,37.957479,37.957209,37.9562,37.955521,37.955317,37.954964,37.95454,37.954208,37.954077,37.953949,37.953973,37.954159,37.954298,37.954985,37.955451,37.955757,37.95626,37.956789,37.958018,37.958875,37.959732,37.959881,37.959893,37.959785,37.960012,37.960249,37.960254,37.960188,37.959853,37.959605,37.959476,37.958147,37.957555,37.957408,37.957196,37.956898,37.95672,37.956697,37.956815,37.956775,37.956655,37.956578,37.956448,37.956291,37.956309,37.956384,37.956402,37.956587,37.95671,37.956797,37.956766,37.956528,37.956125,37.956008,37.956014,37.956191,37.956437,37.956717,37.956822,37.956949,37.95708,37.957421,37.957634,37.957575,37.95765,37.95777,37.957875,37.958114,37.958708,37.959005,37.95922,37.959291,37.95937,37.959602,37.961501,37.961726,37.961971,37.96232,37.962809,37.963224,37.963304,37.963316,37.9634,37.964096,37.964408,37.964781,37.965468,37.965815,37.966023,37.966077,37.966652,37.966652,37.966518,37.966428,37.966475,37.966594,37.967346,37.967726,37.967963,37.968629,37.968826,37.968903,37.969075,37.969304,37.969624,37.969961,37.970417,37.970921,37.971227,37.971784,37.972252,37.972455,37.972784,37.972977,37.973988,37.974296,37.974432,37.974694,37.97479,37.974828,37.974804,37.974666,37.974385,37.974112,37.973987,37.973864,37.973599,37.973042,37.972421,37.972255,37.971758,37.971574,37.971395,37.971387,37.971154,37.970991,37.971051,37.971384,37.971453,37.971706,37.971677,37.971528,37.971654,37.972076,37.972559,37.973328,37.973742,37.97478,37.9758,37.977284,37.978101,37.979896,37.980173,37.980588,37.981853,37.982464,37.982592,37.982656,37.982641,37.982488,37.982532,37.982472,37.982481,37.982439,37.982127,37.981918,37.981678,37.980902,37.980614,37.980529,37.980522,37.980604,37.980601,37.980419,37.980391,37.980479,37.980682,37.980885,37.981356,37.981504,37.981437,37.981277,37.981216,37.981123,37.980518,37.980241,37.979768,37.979351,37.979128,37.978884,37.978726,37.97851,37.978235,37.978148,37.978264,37.978397,37.978577,37.979495,37.980139,37.981821,37.982138,37.982366,37.982437,37.982379,37.982211,37.982111,37.98196,37.981932,37.982032,37.982547,37.982669,37.9831,37.983109,37.983612,37.983847,37.983973,37.984359,37.984433,37.984988,37.985207,37.98561,37.986055,37.986272,37.986396,37.986523,37.986548,37.986504,37.986377,37.984734,37.984482,37.984432,37.984439,37.984705,37.984886,37.985003,37.985318,37.985882,37.985965,37.986212,37.986665,37.987054,37.987475,37.987742,37.987845,37.988001,37.988084,37.988075,37.987988,37.987991,37.988243,37.988415,37.988451,37.98844,37.988385,37.988256,37.988246,37.988316,37.988467,37.989007,37.989269,37.98937,37.989535,37.989664,37.989918,37.990166,37.990407,37.990635,37.990831,37.991133,37.991302,37.992077,37.992623,37.99292,37.993095,37.993314,37.993532,37.993704,37.993977,37.994135,37.994325,37.994507,37.99468,37.994724,37.99478,37.994846,37.99492,37.994983,37.995065,37.99521,37.995475,37.995685,37.995966,37.996713,37.997245,37.997425,37.997607,37.997789,37.997971,37.998096,37.998151,37.998363,37.998535,37.998737,37.9989,37.998968,37.999098,37.999251,38.001065,38.001171,38.001305,38.001419,38.002266,38.002635,38.002865,38.003025,38.003359,38.003563,38.003724,38.003921,38.004114,38.004264,38.00456,38.004848,38.004961,38.00538,38.005804,38.006029,38.006248,38.006418,38.006624,38.006861,38.007151,38.007474,38.007605,38.007784,38.008246,38.008637,38.00884,38.009064,38.009279,38.009503,38.009715,38.010271,38.010413,38.010502,38.01058,38.010686,38.010776,38.010866,38.010935,38.010975,38.011079,38.011115,38.011694,38.011979,38.012336,38.012599,38.012925,38.013387,38.013662,38.013846,38.014247,38.014531,38.014814,38.015023,38.015221,38.015414,38.015602,38.015749,38.01616,38.016244,38.016357,38.016471,38.016563,38.016677,38.016768,38.016872,38.01697,38.017062,38.017129,38.017197,38.017262,38.017407,38.01751,38.017599,38.017699,38.017852,38.018022,38.018191,38.018259,38.018322,38.018391,38.018485,38.018586,38.018792,38.019052,38.01933,38.019419,38.019693,38.019806,38.019996]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#4DB48A","#41AAAA","#CCAF2E","#41AAAA","#CCAF2E","#CCAF2E","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#CCAF2E"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 13.1%<br>Number of families: 156<br>Census Tract: 9502.02<br>Area Name: Mineral","Percent of families: 4.7%<br>Number of families: 50<br>Census Tract: 9503.01<br>Area Name: Zion Crossroads","Percent of families: 21.7%<br>Number of families: 219<br>Census Tract: 9503.02<br>Area Name: Green Springs","Percent of families: 1.9%<br>Number of families: 14<br>Census Tract: 9501.01<br>Area Name: Bumpus-Mountain Road District-Buckner","Percent of families: 20.4%<br>Number of families: 171<br>Census Tract: 9503.03<br>Area Name: Trevillians","Percent of families: 27.5%<br>Number of families: 378<br>Census Tract: 9501.02<br>Area Name: Cuckoo District","Percent of families: 13.6%<br>Number of families: 223<br>Census Tract: 9505<br>Area Name: Gum Springs-Holly Grove","Percent of families: 20.5%<br>Number of families: 198<br>Census Tract: 9504<br>Area Name: Ferncliff-Shannon Hill (Yanceyville)","Percent of families: 26.8%<br>Number of families: 382<br>Census Tract: 9502.01<br>Area Name: Town of Louisa"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.730608,38.152571],"lng":[-78.306763,-77.687294]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

### Nelson County

#### Nelson County

There are 4,372 families living in Nelson County. Of these, 812 (18.6%)
do not earn enough to provide for their basic needs and the costs
associated with working.

Nelson County at a glance:

- Nelson ranks as the third least expensive locality for families in the
  region given the costs of housing and childcare.

- In Nelson, the percent of Black families making under \$35,000 a year
  (29%) is 12% higher than the percent of white families making under
  \$35,000 a year (17%).

##### Expenses: Single Householder + 2 Children (1 Toddler)

<br/>

##### Breakdown of Families Making under \$35,000 in Nelson County

<br/> As this table shows, 73% of the families who cannot meet their
basic needs earn between \$15,000-\$35,000 annually. This strongly
suggests they are working, but not earning the wages or not getting the
hours they need to support their families.

The figure below shows the distribution of families in various pay
ranges, disaggregated by race. In a world with racial equity in income,
the bars for all families would be equal in height. In Nelson County,
Black families are over-represented at the low end of the pay range
(under \$35,000) and under-represented at the high end of the pay range
(over \$100k/year). In other words, relative to white families, Black
families are more likely to be paid insufficient wages and less likely
to be high-earning.

##### Income Distribution of Black and White Families in Nelson County

<img src="orange-dot-test-md_files/figure-gfm/unnamed-chunk-46-1.png" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
<br/> The maps below show the spatial relationship between income and
neighborhood. The color of each census tract in the county is based on
the median family income or the percent of families within the tract who
make less than \$35,000 per year. Having a higher percentage of
struggling families in an area has implications for the resources and
opportunities available to the families living there.

To see which neighborhoods in Nelson County have the highest and lowest
median family incomes, click on each tract to see its median income and
neighborhood names.

##### Median Family Income in Nelson County

<div id="htmlwidget-f39f2b355eb733afa31c" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-f39f2b355eb733afa31c">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.908844,-78.908565,-78.908344,-78.908223,-78.907898,-78.907709,-78.907284,-78.905705,-78.905314,-78.90491,-78.904525,-78.904033,-78.903337,-78.902528,-78.902455,-78.902055,-78.901704,-78.901372,-78.901207,-78.901102,-78.90093,-78.900791,-78.900736,-78.900601,-78.900394,-78.900222,-78.900079,-78.900004,-78.899716,-78.899467,-78.899406,-78.89922,-78.899008,-78.898838,-78.898749,-78.898619,-78.898501,-78.898424,-78.898396,-78.89823,-78.897785,-78.897326,-78.897029,-78.896755,-78.896087,-78.895863,-78.895376,-78.89492,-78.894224,-78.893951,-78.893208,-78.893101,-78.892951,-78.892829,-78.892725,-78.892653,-78.892395,-78.892264,-78.891874,-78.891809,-78.891615,-78.891508,-78.891316,-78.891154,-78.891075,-78.891011,-78.890701,-78.890539,-78.890353,-78.890099,-78.889796,-78.889504,-78.889217,-78.888946,-78.888623,-78.888513,-78.888267,-78.887876,-78.887675,-78.887504,-78.887277,-78.887216,-78.887135,-78.886534,-78.886162,-78.8861,-78.885899,-78.885622,-78.885356,-78.884605,-78.884042,-78.882882,-78.882051,-78.880834,-78.880019,-78.879743,-78.879564,-78.879414,-78.878401,-78.877848,-78.877571,-78.877277,-78.876998,-78.876891,-78.876626,-78.876378,-78.876192,-78.876061,-78.875786,-78.875703,-78.875458,-78.874932,-78.874501,-78.874328,-78.873994,-78.873789,-78.873696,-78.873528,-78.873052,-78.872862,-78.87242,-78.872239,-78.871971,-78.871552,-78.87129,-78.870975,-78.870432,-78.870389,-78.870285,-78.870009,-78.869831,-78.869743,-78.869634,-78.869558,-78.869502,-78.869424,-78.8694,-78.869395,-78.869423,-78.869491,-78.869567,-78.86966,-78.869743,-78.869793,-78.870127,-78.870244,-78.870299,-78.870337,-78.870356,-78.870355,-78.870334,-78.870232,-78.870207,-78.870006,-78.869696,-78.869556,-78.869391,-78.869197,-78.869033,-78.868889,-78.868643,-78.868399,-78.868224,-78.868067,-78.867497,-78.867434,-78.867364,-78.867185,-78.867156,-78.867042,-78.866889,-78.866747,-78.866497,-78.86644,-78.86633,-78.866066,-78.865703,-78.865457,-78.865164,-78.864927,-78.864619,-78.864482,-78.864349,-78.8642,-78.864035,-78.863846,-78.863641,-78.863269,-78.863117,-78.86295,-78.862701,-78.86248,-78.862275,-78.862199,-78.862007,-78.861989,-78.861909,-78.861883,-78.861846,-78.861828,-78.861827,-78.861837,-78.861844,-78.861878,-78.861919,-78.861971,-78.862007,-78.862056,-78.862086,-78.862072,-78.86204,-78.862013,-78.861998,-78.861924,-78.861841,-78.861741,-78.861625,-78.861494,-78.861378,-78.860331,-78.860043,-78.858494,-78.85833,-78.858068,-78.85772,-78.857273,-78.856997,-78.856635,-78.855693,-78.85561,-78.855262,-78.854965,-78.853694,-78.853389,-78.852362,-78.851981,-78.851515,-78.851048,-78.85085,-78.850729,-78.850652,-78.850085,-78.848637,-78.846503,-78.846263,-78.845641,-78.845198,-78.844287,-78.843809,-78.841255,-78.840635,-78.840114,-78.839772,-78.839408,-78.839049,-78.838766,-78.838386,-78.838147,-78.837849,-78.837407,-78.837204,-78.837053,-78.836731,-78.836436,-78.836259,-78.836111,-78.835829,-78.835504,-78.835352,-78.835272,-78.83504,-78.834924,-78.834803,-78.834478,-78.833853,-78.833724,-78.833208,-78.831919,-78.831568,-78.831293,-78.831013,-78.83077,-78.829687,-78.829526,-78.829353,-78.828845,-78.828553,-78.828248,-78.827736,-78.82744,-78.827359,-78.827219,-78.827033,-78.82681,-78.826636,-78.826324,-78.825848,-78.825635,-78.825481,-78.825276,-78.825211,-78.825103,-78.824897,-78.824729,-78.824463,-78.824189,-78.823103,-78.822603,-78.821859,-78.820977,-78.82066,-78.820219,-78.82006,-78.819978,-78.81988,-78.819729,-78.819682,-78.819559,-78.819239,-78.818989,-78.818686,-78.818384,-78.818085,-78.817789,-78.817527,-78.817098,-78.816677,-78.816136,-78.815792,-78.815125,-78.814222,-78.813689,-78.813208,-78.812814,-78.812538,-78.812222,-78.81199,-78.81172,-78.81145,-78.811288,-78.810966,-78.810704,-78.810498,-78.810246,-78.80993,-78.809727,-78.809573,-78.809276,-78.809029,-78.808807,-78.808527,-78.808311,-78.808089,-78.807811,-78.807589,-78.807297,-78.807,-78.806691,-78.806302,-78.805184,-78.80503,-78.804012,-78.80083,-78.80053,-78.800234,-78.799993,-78.799728,-78.799411,-78.799034,-78.798785,-78.798479,-78.798306,-78.798051,-78.797729,-78.797459,-78.797198,-78.796949,-78.796086,-78.795771,-78.795579,-78.79536,-78.795129,-78.794879,-78.79462,-78.794354,-78.794027,-78.793805,-78.793467,-78.793125,-78.792933,-78.792722,-78.792238,-78.791688,-78.791137,-78.790713,-78.790444,-78.79016,-78.78988,-78.789604,-78.789287,-78.789014,-78.788681,-78.788395,-78.788106,-78.787653,-78.787324,-78.787056,-78.786677,-78.78636,-78.786295,-78.785994,-78.785644,-78.785267,-78.784941,-78.784589,-78.782216,-78.780494,-78.779989,-78.778484,-78.778415,-78.777773,-78.777066,-78.776444,-78.775647,-78.774632,-78.773646,-78.773628,-78.773448,-78.773282,-78.772981,-78.772128,-78.771161,-78.770651,-78.769991,-78.768859,-78.768162,-78.767015,-78.76637,-78.765119,-78.761663,-78.760903,-78.760298,-78.75996,-78.7597,-78.759535,-78.759118,-78.758781,-78.758276,-78.758071,-78.757154,-78.756986,-78.756546,-78.756115,-78.755862,-78.755244,-78.754769,-78.754377,-78.753945,-78.753673,-78.753364,-78.753217,-78.752739,-78.752046,-78.75166,-78.751401,-78.751134,-78.750789,-78.750504,-78.750081,-78.74973,-78.749369,-78.748998,-78.748624,-78.748053,-78.747045,-78.746537,-78.746473,-78.745985,-78.7456,-78.744986,-78.744673,-78.744246,-78.743761,-78.743416,-78.742954,-78.742639,-78.742337,-78.742294,-78.741896,-78.741503,-78.741291,-78.741254,-78.740963,-78.740705,-78.740668,-78.740453,-78.739901,-78.739675,-78.739434,-78.739176,-78.73895,-78.738655,-78.738411,-78.738094,-78.737733,-78.737429,-78.73708,-78.73657,-78.736186,-78.735435,-78.734529,-78.733874,-78.733562,-78.733042,-78.732716,-78.732117,-78.732092,-78.730987,-78.730857,-78.73083,-78.730436,-78.730265,-78.72937,-78.727769,-78.727047,-78.726791,-78.726032,-78.725983,-78.725865,-78.725856,-78.725821,-78.725236,-78.723828,-78.722711,-78.722294,-78.721771,-78.721301,-78.72097,-78.72053,-78.718964,-78.718063,-78.717596,-78.717323,-78.71615,-78.713065,-78.71304,-78.712079,-78.709018,-78.708638,-78.708046,-78.708375,-78.708789,-78.709471,-78.709749,-78.710232,-78.710504,-78.710721,-78.711038,-78.711298,-78.711465,-78.711693,-78.712242,-78.712655,-78.71383,-78.714552,-78.714964,-78.715303,-78.715743,-78.716375,-78.717822,-78.718285,-78.719546,-78.720396,-78.721294,-78.721782,-78.722159,-78.722293,-78.722653,-78.722782,-78.723057,-78.723061,-78.723077,-78.723153,-78.723237,-78.723354,-78.723431,-78.72354,-78.723649,-78.723743,-78.723855,-78.723932,-78.724056,-78.724239,-78.72438,-78.72456,-78.724964,-78.725277,-78.725434,-78.725636,-78.726047,-78.726185,-78.726236,-78.726356,-78.726417,-78.726538,-78.726656,-78.726849,-78.726972,-78.727234,-78.727941,-78.72843,-78.728795,-78.728923,-78.729059,-78.729327,-78.729511,-78.729918,-78.730184,-78.730311,-78.730455,-78.730559,-78.730696,-78.73084,-78.731058,-78.731102,-78.731375,-78.732437,-78.732619,-78.732797,-78.732935,-78.73332,-78.733547,-78.733766,-78.734557,-78.735044,-78.735275,-78.735709,-78.735837,-78.735932,-78.736568,-78.736973,-78.737062,-78.73716,-78.737244,-78.737374,-78.737511,-78.737786,-78.737965,-78.738402,-78.738563,-78.738761,-78.738929,-78.739097,-78.739198,-78.740003,-78.740852,-78.741034,-78.74123,-78.741381,-78.741479,-78.741907,-78.742052,-78.742191,-78.74227,-78.742316,-78.742404,-78.742969,-78.74305,-78.743213,-78.743273,-78.743315,-78.74334,-78.743347,-78.74335,-78.743387,-78.743425,-78.743521,-78.743559,-78.743647,-78.743712,-78.743792,-78.743886,-78.743956,-78.744088,-78.744157,-78.74423,-78.744548,-78.744631,-78.744701,-78.744747,-78.744783,-78.744812,-78.744838,-78.744859,-78.744882,-78.7449,-78.744949,-78.745027,-78.745083,-78.745638,-78.745779,-78.745897,-78.745948,-78.746023,-78.746106,-78.746153,-78.746261,-78.746372,-78.746388,-78.746562,-78.746657,-78.746886,-78.746991,-78.747076,-78.747302,-78.747364,-78.747401,-78.74743,-78.747452,-78.747465,-78.7475,-78.747531,-78.747643,-78.747776,-78.747925,-78.748143,-78.748285,-78.748237,-78.748254,-78.74828,-78.748318,-78.748407,-78.748592,-78.748658,-78.748724,-78.74876,-78.749078,-78.749373,-78.749494,-78.74963,-78.749783,-78.74992,-78.750088,-78.750234,-78.750431,-78.750759,-78.751002,-78.751115,-78.751218,-78.75131,-78.751359,-78.751425,-78.751481,-78.751517,-78.751563,-78.75158,-78.751578,-78.751565,-78.751442,-78.751442,-78.751459,-78.751495,-78.751548,-78.751617,-78.751678,-78.751763,-78.751858,-78.751981,-78.752067,-78.75218,-78.752253,-78.752462,-78.75256,-78.752659,-78.752757,-78.752877,-78.752982,-78.753023,-78.753076,-78.753227,-78.753348,-78.753454,-78.753769,-78.754175,-78.75471,-78.754897,-78.754967,-78.75513,-78.755239,-78.755294,-78.755455,-78.755468,-78.755593,-78.755629,-78.755683,-78.75575,-78.755788,-78.75595,-78.756074,-78.756205,-78.756297,-78.756395,-78.756466,-78.756555,-78.75662,-78.756717,-78.756862,-78.757005,-78.757213,-78.75739,-78.757465,-78.757776,-78.757926,-78.757982,-78.758052,-78.758262,-78.758412,-78.758666,-78.759227,-78.759509,-78.760097,-78.760543,-78.760921,-78.761139,-78.761325,-78.761448,-78.761672,-78.761836,-78.761955,-78.762134,-78.762299,-78.762422,-78.762563,-78.762667,-78.763052,-78.763143,-78.763285,-78.76342,-78.763508,-78.763583,-78.763653,-78.763749,-78.76384,-78.763939,-78.764043,-78.76481,-78.764912,-78.765008,-78.765195,-78.765296,-78.765384,-78.765491,-78.765565,-78.7659,-78.76597,-78.766112,-78.767055,-78.767384,-78.767631,-78.767956,-78.768302,-78.768444,-78.769044,-78.769714,-78.76983,-78.770023,-78.770103,-78.770323,-78.770578,-78.770764,-78.770891,-78.770921,-78.771034,-78.771102,-78.771142,-78.771158,-78.771156,-78.771128,-78.77107,-78.770945,-78.77091,-78.770895,-78.77092,-78.770961,-78.771143,-78.771268,-78.771334,-78.771399,-78.771532,-78.771612,-78.771636,-78.771642,-78.77163,-78.771597,-78.771588,-78.771524,-78.771428,-78.771316,-78.771163,-78.770927,-78.77086,-78.770767,-78.770713,-78.770687,-78.770685,-78.770688,-78.770693,-78.7707,-78.77071,-78.770724,-78.77074,-78.770764,-78.770797,-78.770872,-78.770944,-78.771047,-78.771164,-78.771282,-78.77144,-78.771608,-78.773084,-78.773196,-78.773375,-78.773575,-78.77367,-78.773764,-78.773842,-78.773937,-78.773997,-78.774039,-78.774048,-78.774038,-78.774012,-78.773957,-78.773895,-78.773788,-78.773578,-78.773503,-78.773423,-78.773362,-78.773313,-78.773283,-78.773273,-78.773281,-78.773307,-78.773352,-78.77341,-78.773511,-78.773671,-78.773739,-78.773851,-78.77398,-78.774023,-78.774108,-78.774179,-78.774247,-78.774306,-78.774348,-78.774442,-78.774526,-78.774563,-78.774638,-78.77471,-78.774902,-78.775131,-78.775363,-78.775582,-78.775666,-78.77625,-78.776548,-78.776977,-78.779067,-78.779479,-78.779712,-78.779783,-78.77995,-78.780016,-78.780124,-78.780259,-78.780748,-78.782272,-78.782519,-78.782715,-78.782848,-78.783097,-78.783182,-78.783287,-78.78343,-78.783513,-78.783603,-78.783724,-78.78382,-78.783956,-78.784251,-78.784373,-78.784478,-78.784515,-78.78508,-78.785162,-78.785182,-78.785226,-78.785272,-78.785301,-78.785307,-78.785291,-78.785307,-78.78534,-78.785391,-78.785428,-78.785455,-78.785516,-78.785643,-78.785725,-78.78591,-78.786101,-78.786298,-78.786498,-78.786658,-78.786917,-78.787041,-78.787192,-78.787279,-78.787473,-78.78763,-78.787826,-78.788158,-78.788273,-78.788408,-78.788515,-78.788783,-78.789074,-78.789213,-78.789449,-78.78967,-78.789731,-78.789822,-78.789968,-78.790152,-78.790345,-78.790562,-78.790771,-78.790942,-78.791013,-78.791073,-78.791117,-78.791195,-78.791234,-78.791292,-78.791367,-78.79142,-78.791604,-78.791762,-78.791865,-78.79198,-78.792128,-78.792256,-78.792378,-78.792496,-78.79261,-78.792709,-78.792881,-78.793026,-78.793553,-78.79371,-78.793893,-78.794063,-78.794828,-78.794894,-78.794939,-78.794979,-78.794987,-78.794996,-78.794991,-78.794956,-78.79462,-78.794582,-78.794561,-78.794558,-78.794578,-78.794614,-78.794667,-78.794737,-78.794822,-78.795061,-78.795263,-78.795515,-78.795788,-78.79588,-78.795929,-78.796028,-78.796225,-78.796362,-78.796503,-78.797072,-78.797239,-78.797382,-78.797516,-78.797639,-78.797771,-78.798204,-78.798426,-78.798799,-78.799112,-78.799226,-78.799381,-78.799549,-78.800164,-78.800277,-78.800377,-78.800585,-78.801025,-78.801157,-78.801447,-78.801763,-78.801957,-78.803036,-78.803143,-78.80323,-78.803318,-78.803393,-78.803847,-78.803912,-78.803974,-78.804008,-78.803974,-78.803951,-78.803952,-78.804274,-78.804327,-78.804396,-78.804405,-78.804512,-78.804545,-78.804601,-78.804666,-78.804762,-78.804775,-78.804775,-78.804752,-78.804657,-78.804635,-78.804591,-78.804592,-78.804592,-78.8046,-78.804615,-78.804654,-78.80471,-78.804783,-78.804892,-78.805002,-78.805137,-78.805278,-78.805376,-78.805381,-78.805387,-78.805391,-78.805376,-78.805361,-78.805342,-78.805304,-78.80528,-78.805227,-78.805164,-78.805072,-78.805022,-78.804988,-78.804896,-78.804715,-78.804533,-78.804457,-78.80395,-78.803791,-78.803651,-78.803415,-78.803149,-78.802938,-78.802913,-78.802825,-78.802796,-78.802702,-78.802646,-78.802596,-78.802508,-78.802459,-78.802423,-78.802395,-78.802386,-78.802394,-78.802403,-78.802406,-78.802458,-78.802473,-78.80249,-78.802519,-78.802564,-78.802638,-78.802728,-78.80285,-78.802915,-78.803001,-78.803069,-78.803101,-78.803106,-78.803114,-78.803108,-78.803089,-78.803047,-78.802983,-78.802902,-78.802804,-78.802737,-78.802675,-78.802254,-78.80203,-78.801816,-78.801496,-78.800961,-78.800869,-78.800862,-78.800874,-78.800889,-78.800925,-78.801584,-78.801954,-78.802171,-78.802342,-78.80248,-78.802652,-78.802905,-78.80308,-78.803319,-78.803451,-78.803624,-78.803764,-78.803913,-78.804038,-78.804142,-78.804405,-78.804732,-78.804845,-78.804953,-78.805053,-78.805164,-78.805263,-78.805355,-78.805422,-78.805508,-78.805588,-78.805702,-78.805755,-78.80586,-78.805989,-78.806089,-78.806317,-78.806441,-78.80652,-78.806657,-78.806826,-78.808352,-78.808398,-78.808445,-78.808599,-78.808861,-78.809088,-78.809147,-78.809271,-78.809374,-78.809437,-78.809528,-78.809752,-78.809992,-78.810058,-78.810247,-78.81045,-78.810564,-78.811067,-78.811537,-78.811812,-78.812062,-78.812846,-78.812985,-78.813343,-78.813492,-78.813764,-78.813929,-78.814154,-78.814443,-78.815033,-78.816207,-78.816282,-78.816359,-78.816436,-78.81651,-78.816672,-78.816899,-78.818187,-78.81924,-78.819434,-78.819551,-78.820814,-78.821654,-78.821963,-78.822037,-78.822096,-78.822488,-78.823095,-78.823388,-78.824461,-78.82478,-78.825145,-78.825406,-78.825657,-78.825818,-78.825978,-78.826103,-78.826276,-78.826441,-78.826566,-78.826949,-78.827014,-78.827054,-78.827073,-78.827086,-78.827099,-78.827094,-78.827073,-78.827044,-78.826973,-78.826792,-78.826742,-78.826665,-78.826542,-78.826447,-78.82634,-78.826277,-78.826026,-78.825945,-78.825874,-78.825817,-78.825775,-78.825763,-78.825741,-78.825743,-78.825813,-78.825811,-78.825784,-78.825743,-78.825677,-78.825614,-78.825495,-78.82537,-78.825086,-78.824967,-78.824856,-78.824773,-78.824698,-78.824617,-78.824563,-78.824517,-78.824481,-78.82439,-78.824327,-78.824304,-78.824167,-78.824159,-78.824169,-78.824198,-78.824282,-78.824377,-78.82449,-78.824632,-78.825069,-78.825146,-78.825553,-78.825839,-78.825984,-78.826189,-78.826439,-78.826603,-78.82666,-78.826695,-78.826829,-78.82691,-78.826938,-78.827139,-78.827348,-78.827471,-78.827541,-78.827611,-78.827708,-78.827956,-78.828272,-78.828934,-78.829201,-78.829534,-78.829727,-78.830019,-78.830328,-78.830527,-78.830962,-78.831021,-78.831052,-78.831066,-78.831062,-78.831042,-78.830863,-78.830664,-78.830718,-78.831243,-78.831499,-78.831516,-78.831907,-78.832128,-78.83257,-78.832681,-78.832764,-78.832874,-78.833013,-78.83331,-78.833448,-78.833884,-78.834126,-78.834222,-78.83434,-78.834388,-78.834423,-78.834464,-78.834519,-78.834602,-78.834665,-78.835038,-78.835107,-78.835328,-78.83539,-78.83548,-78.835639,-78.835812,-78.835874,-78.835936,-78.83622,-78.836317,-78.836379,-78.836441,-78.836738,-78.836821,-78.836932,-78.837015,-78.837243,-78.837347,-78.83745,-78.837506,-78.837526,-78.837581,-78.837616,-78.837657,-78.837775,-78.837816,-78.837872,-78.837934,-78.837982,-78.83801,-78.838079,-78.838307,-78.838383,-78.83857,-78.838646,-78.838763,-78.838839,-78.838943,-78.838991,-78.839047,-78.839102,-78.839178,-78.83924,-78.839289,-78.839365,-78.839545,-78.840132,-78.840243,-78.841183,-78.841259,-78.84139,-78.841446,-78.84148,-78.84154,-78.841653,-78.841722,-78.841985,-78.842137,-78.84222,-78.842351,-78.842413,-78.842593,-78.842628,-78.842676,-78.84271,-78.842807,-78.842904,-78.843028,-78.843415,-78.843477,-78.843519,-78.843636,-78.84374,-78.843885,-78.84412,-78.844369,-78.844963,-78.845094,-78.845212,-78.845619,-78.845792,-78.845875,-78.846151,-78.846297,-78.846373,-78.846504,-78.846649,-78.847009,-78.84761,-78.847762,-78.848758,-78.848944,-78.849221,-78.84938,-78.849456,-78.849525,-78.849601,-78.849712,-78.849739,-78.849795,-78.849787,-78.849801,-78.849836,-78.849967,-78.850078,-78.85014,-78.850209,-78.850499,-78.850575,-78.850603,-78.850699,-78.850837,-78.850893,-78.851065,-78.851072,-78.8511,-78.850692,-78.850284,-78.849959,-78.849772,-78.849565,-78.849426,-78.849322,-78.849233,-78.849253,-78.849322,-78.849364,-78.849447,-78.84955,-78.84964,-78.849751,-78.849889,-78.850283,-78.850394,-78.850553,-78.850705,-78.850836,-78.850995,-78.851119,-78.851188,-78.851264,-78.851713,-78.851872,-78.852107,-78.852218,-78.852321,-78.852425,-78.852473,-78.852473,-78.852439,-78.85239,-78.85212,-78.851816,-78.851615,-78.851532,-78.851443,-78.851187,-78.851062,-78.850655,-78.850537,-78.850454,-78.850399,-78.850364,-78.85035,-78.850371,-78.85044,-78.850682,-78.850751,-78.850792,-78.850806,-78.850792,-78.850902,-78.850937,-78.851027,-78.851441,-78.851614,-78.851697,-78.852084,-78.8529,-78.853169,-78.853501,-78.853625,-78.853701,-78.853943,-78.854026,-78.854095,-78.85422,-78.854324,-78.854455,-78.854559,-78.854635,-78.854773,-78.854814,-78.854945,-78.854994,-78.855235,-78.855291,-78.855436,-78.855587,-78.85567,-78.855739,-78.85596,-78.856209,-78.856956,-78.857184,-78.857336,-78.857536,-78.857626,-78.85793,-78.858048,-78.858338,-78.858428,-78.858601,-78.858787,-78.859679,-78.860273,-78.860363,-78.860398,-78.860404,-78.860342,-78.86028,-78.860086,-78.860003,-78.859927,-78.859692,-78.859595,-78.859547,-78.859491,-78.859422,-78.859235,-78.859207,-78.85918,-78.859166,-78.859173,-78.859262,-78.859428,-78.859511,-78.859608,-78.859774,-78.85996,-78.860126,-78.860271,-78.860437,-78.860548,-78.860686,-78.861024,-78.861273,-78.86137,-78.861481,-78.861598,-78.861646,-78.861688,-78.86175,-78.861764,-78.861729,-78.861681,-78.861612,-78.861307,-78.860816,-78.860712,-78.860111,-78.860021,-78.85991,-78.859814,-78.859751,-78.859544,-78.858915,-78.858666,-78.858494,-78.858335,-78.858106,-78.857851,-78.857657,-78.857491,-78.857455,-78.857446,-78.857367,-78.857359,-78.857363,-78.857401,-78.857449,-78.857522,-78.857641,-78.858138,-78.858349,-78.858597,-78.858913,-78.859139,-78.859183,-78.85957,-78.859764,-78.859916,-78.860172,-78.860448,-78.860642,-78.861209,-78.861968,-78.862093,-78.862166,-78.862255,-78.862535,-78.862704,-78.862775,-78.862827,-78.862876,-78.862925,-78.862999,-78.863094,-78.86318,-78.863345,-78.863452,-78.86352,-78.863562,-78.863585,-78.863589,-78.863585,-78.863552,-78.863502,-78.863437,-78.863226,-78.863054,-78.862997,-78.862942,-78.86291,-78.86289,-78.862882,-78.862893,-78.862923,-78.86295,-78.863034,-78.863089,-78.863123,-78.863171,-78.863191,-78.863196,-78.863217,-78.863266,-78.863615,-78.863668,-78.863696,-78.8637,-78.863693,-78.863687,-78.86366,-78.863641,-78.863525,-78.863465,-78.863407,-78.863343,-78.863259,-78.863196,-78.863087,-78.862948,-78.862895,-78.862844,-78.862801,-78.862767,-78.862736,-78.862635,-78.862542,-78.862414,-78.862251,-78.862036,-78.861946,-78.861377,-78.861008,-78.860654,-78.860594,-78.860549,-78.860518,-78.860511,-78.860529,-78.86056,-78.860598,-78.860644,-78.860935,-78.861271,-78.861951,-78.862543,-78.862782,-78.86375,-78.864068,-78.864494,-78.865109,-78.865487,-78.865602,-78.865734,-78.866107,-78.866519,-78.866746,-78.866841,-78.867744,-78.868282,-78.868608,-78.868967,-78.869252,-78.870002,-78.870445,-78.870499,-78.870554,-78.870675,-78.870706,-78.870826,-78.870938,-78.871076,-78.871413,-78.872081,-78.872643,-78.872834,-78.87298,-78.873277,-78.873636,-78.874105,-78.87435,-78.874991,-78.875166,-78.875382,-78.875439,-78.875611,-78.875767,-78.875845,-78.876138,-78.876539,-78.876587,-78.876617,-78.876629,-78.876698,-78.876932,-78.877111,-78.877285,-78.877766,-78.881219,-78.882919,-78.883881,-78.884444,-78.885375,-78.887075,-78.887826,-78.888283,-78.888458,-78.888806,-78.889384,-78.889603,-78.88986,-78.890388,-78.891808,-78.892261,-78.892837,-78.892982,-78.893277,-78.893863,-78.894578,-78.894722,-78.894946,-78.895082,-78.89522,-78.895326,-78.895502,-78.895719,-78.895866,-78.896046,-78.896221,-78.896426,-78.896632,-78.896828,-78.898628,-78.89886,-78.899011,-78.899171,-78.899338,-78.899476,-78.899616,-78.899865,-78.900044,-78.900223,-78.9004,-78.900569,-78.900824,-78.901094,-78.90126,-78.901954,-78.903451,-78.903624,-78.903941,-78.904161,-78.90446,-78.904931,-78.905277,-78.905625,-78.905996,-78.906316,-78.906717,-78.907055,-78.907698,-78.907828,-78.908155,-78.908409,-78.908484,-78.908579,-78.908664,-78.90875,-78.908804,-78.908844],"lat":[37.716378,37.716525,37.716654,37.716733,37.716972,37.71712,37.717479,37.718784,37.719084,37.719372,37.719604,37.719882,37.720265,37.720722,37.720766,37.720998,37.721237,37.721492,37.721632,37.721732,37.721897,37.722043,37.722103,37.722261,37.722523,37.722764,37.722992,37.723131,37.723665,37.724145,37.724274,37.72461,37.725016,37.725322,37.725462,37.725684,37.725886,37.726009,37.726054,37.726333,37.72702,37.727687,37.728104,37.72847,37.729327,37.729608,37.730223,37.73078,37.731648,37.731982,37.732922,37.733073,37.733284,37.733486,37.733694,37.733852,37.734583,37.735006,37.73617,37.736394,37.736972,37.737307,37.737819,37.738191,37.738356,37.738485,37.739024,37.739262,37.739521,37.73984,37.740253,37.74065,37.740996,37.741322,37.741743,37.741886,37.742188,37.742653,37.74287,37.743037,37.743237,37.743287,37.743353,37.743824,37.744125,37.744182,37.744355,37.744575,37.74478,37.745388,37.74585,37.746752,37.747417,37.748391,37.749032,37.749262,37.749418,37.749535,37.750337,37.750792,37.75103,37.751306,37.751591,37.751707,37.752042,37.752385,37.752665,37.752882,37.753336,37.7535,37.754182,37.755918,37.757307,37.757832,37.758979,37.759637,37.75991,37.760309,37.761321,37.761685,37.762438,37.762724,37.763131,37.763766,37.764153,37.764618,37.765441,37.765508,37.765669,37.766097,37.766389,37.766557,37.766809,37.767034,37.767257,37.767698,37.767941,37.768234,37.768671,37.768991,37.769255,37.769515,37.769714,37.769822,37.770634,37.770938,37.771157,37.771378,37.771601,37.771869,37.772091,37.772667,37.772762,37.773551,37.774711,37.775252,37.775859,37.776517,37.777135,37.777735,37.778648,37.779571,37.780198,37.780782,37.782893,37.783141,37.783414,37.784047,37.784152,37.784562,37.785049,37.7855,37.786325,37.786496,37.786827,37.787709,37.788816,37.789659,37.790592,37.791345,37.792175,37.792487,37.79275,37.793007,37.793258,37.793511,37.793755,37.794174,37.794344,37.794541,37.794857,37.795184,37.795518,37.795651,37.796159,37.79622,37.796548,37.796687,37.796942,37.797235,37.797529,37.797754,37.797901,37.798631,37.799738,37.800826,37.801869,37.8033,37.80423,37.804434,37.804637,37.804751,37.804813,37.805035,37.805228,37.805417,37.8056,37.805775,37.805911,37.80698,37.807274,37.8088,37.808944,37.809184,37.809478,37.809826,37.810041,37.810311,37.81105,37.811115,37.811371,37.811605,37.812587,37.812818,37.813637,37.813912,37.814248,37.814609,37.814768,37.814859,37.81492,37.815369,37.81648,37.818117,37.818303,37.818784,37.81912,37.819835,37.820229,37.822413,37.822925,37.823377,37.823685,37.824047,37.824425,37.824737,37.825182,37.825481,37.82588,37.826506,37.826823,37.827081,37.827595,37.828099,37.828399,37.828649,37.829112,37.829691,37.829945,37.830075,37.83045,37.830649,37.830858,37.831396,37.832462,37.832692,37.833538,37.835713,37.836263,37.836637,37.836981,37.837252,37.838434,37.8386,37.838766,37.839208,37.839442,37.839665,37.840071,37.840316,37.840393,37.840526,37.840723,37.840985,37.841213,37.841668,37.842321,37.842569,37.842727,37.842917,37.842971,37.843062,37.843219,37.843334,37.843494,37.843634,37.844174,37.844434,37.844803,37.845233,37.845374,37.845548,37.845598,37.845624,37.845646,37.845681,37.845689,37.845709,37.845741,37.845751,37.845742,37.845718,37.84568,37.845627,37.845566,37.845446,37.845311,37.845126,37.845015,37.844803,37.844516,37.844341,37.844193,37.844094,37.844041,37.843999,37.843982,37.843984,37.844002,37.844022,37.84409,37.844162,37.844229,37.844336,37.84449,37.844605,37.844705,37.84492,37.845076,37.845199,37.845332,37.845419,37.845498,37.845579,37.845643,37.845708,37.845759,37.845797,37.845837,37.845933,37.845945,37.846026,37.846302,37.846319,37.846324,37.846321,37.846308,37.846279,37.846225,37.846179,37.846109,37.846061,37.845973,37.845844,37.84572,37.845583,37.845434,37.844834,37.84463,37.844506,37.844379,37.844259,37.844147,37.844048,37.843962,37.843875,37.843828,37.843774,37.84374,37.843732,37.843723,37.84372,37.843732,37.843731,37.843712,37.843693,37.843657,37.843607,37.843542,37.843449,37.843357,37.84323,37.843111,37.843,37.842845,37.842748,37.84268,37.842606,37.842556,37.842546,37.84251,37.842484,37.842472,37.842474,37.84249,37.842664,37.842791,37.842825,37.842954,37.842963,37.843042,37.843144,37.84325,37.843402,37.843601,37.843786,37.843789,37.843824,37.843855,37.843912,37.844091,37.844316,37.844441,37.844616,37.844941,37.845142,37.845472,37.845658,37.846012,37.84701,37.847224,37.847402,37.847506,37.847596,37.847656,37.847819,37.847967,37.848201,37.848301,37.848747,37.848829,37.849062,37.849306,37.849458,37.849843,37.85013,37.85038,37.850672,37.850873,37.851127,37.851259,37.851715,37.852374,37.852719,37.852929,37.853132,37.853376,37.853564,37.853824,37.854021,37.854207,37.85438,37.854531,37.854743,37.85508,37.855262,37.855285,37.855474,37.855635,37.855911,37.856064,37.856299,37.856591,37.856817,37.857145,37.857387,37.85764,37.85768,37.858045,37.85843,37.858648,37.858686,37.859027,37.859351,37.859398,37.85968,37.860385,37.860647,37.860902,37.861151,37.861357,37.861604,37.861795,37.862025,37.862262,37.862445,37.862638,37.862893,37.863088,37.86348,37.863942,37.864271,37.864427,37.864704,37.86487,37.865174,37.865124,37.862901,37.862606,37.862546,37.86165,37.861262,37.859755,37.857064,37.855847,37.855416,37.85414,37.854062,37.853857,37.85384,37.853781,37.852799,37.850433,37.848543,37.847841,37.846965,37.846258,37.84576,37.845098,37.842743,37.841387,37.84068,37.840273,37.838507,37.833558,37.833517,37.831904,37.826762,37.826111,37.825101,37.825109,37.825163,37.825277,37.825312,37.825338,37.82534,37.825331,37.825309,37.825276,37.825244,37.825188,37.825023,37.82489,37.824493,37.824246,37.824096,37.823981,37.82382,37.823606,37.823107,37.822952,37.822518,37.822217,37.821906,37.821744,37.821628,37.821592,37.821517,37.821498,37.821478,37.821351,37.821287,37.821148,37.82102,37.820873,37.82079,37.820642,37.820456,37.820246,37.819926,37.819766,37.819549,37.81927,37.819087,37.818882,37.818461,37.818094,37.817947,37.817776,37.817355,37.817188,37.817111,37.816894,37.816775,37.816594,37.816452,37.816236,37.81611,37.815856,37.815237,37.814815,37.814512,37.814421,37.814338,37.814197,37.814082,37.813774,37.813583,37.813479,37.81339,37.81334,37.813288,37.81325,37.813213,37.813208,37.81318,37.81312,37.813096,37.813057,37.813016,37.812861,37.812762,37.81264,37.812199,37.811907,37.811769,37.811534,37.811447,37.81137,37.810772,37.810434,37.810382,37.810343,37.81032,37.810302,37.810304,37.810325,37.810345,37.810411,37.81045,37.81048,37.810489,37.810485,37.810475,37.810353,37.810237,37.810199,37.81014,37.810082,37.810038,37.809825,37.809753,37.809652,37.809584,37.809541,37.809445,37.80887,37.808774,37.808551,37.808443,37.808329,37.808213,37.808142,37.807871,37.806966,37.806463,37.805824,37.805642,37.805437,37.805332,37.805234,37.805145,37.805094,37.805017,37.804986,37.804952,37.804821,37.804775,37.804717,37.804664,37.804606,37.804529,37.804361,37.804023,37.803883,37.803815,37.803684,37.803525,37.803432,37.802592,37.802378,37.80218,37.802108,37.802003,37.8019,37.801851,37.801738,37.801602,37.80158,37.801342,37.801196,37.800823,37.800763,37.800706,37.800529,37.800459,37.800398,37.800315,37.800185,37.799915,37.799749,37.799651,37.799427,37.79921,37.799,37.798733,37.798574,37.798189,37.798103,37.798037,37.797974,37.797856,37.797611,37.797524,37.797437,37.797384,37.796921,37.796535,37.796409,37.796293,37.796188,37.79611,37.796032,37.795978,37.795921,37.795862,37.795805,37.795763,37.795708,37.795641,37.795596,37.795513,37.795425,37.795357,37.795239,37.795107,37.795018,37.794931,37.79452,37.794424,37.794329,37.794238,37.794151,37.794073,37.794022,37.79397,37.79393,37.793899,37.79389,37.793899,37.793909,37.793956,37.793968,37.79397,37.793964,37.793943,37.7939,37.793875,37.793843,37.793725,37.79361,37.793487,37.793176,37.792743,37.792091,37.791834,37.791729,37.791421,37.791191,37.791049,37.79048,37.790418,37.78986,37.78966,37.789517,37.789378,37.78931,37.789057,37.788842,37.78858,37.788367,37.788091,37.787929,37.787727,37.787606,37.787461,37.787283,37.787126,37.786922,37.786771,37.786713,37.786501,37.786421,37.786396,37.786365,37.786289,37.786246,37.786193,37.786091,37.786044,37.785926,37.785847,37.785786,37.785738,37.785686,37.785644,37.785552,37.785473,37.785409,37.7853,37.785181,37.785079,37.784943,37.784829,37.784205,37.784039,37.783775,37.783564,37.78344,37.783365,37.783312,37.783257,37.783217,37.783189,37.783175,37.783144,37.783126,37.783094,37.783007,37.782943,37.78287,37.782743,37.782637,37.782113,37.782015,37.781842,37.780823,37.780451,37.78016,37.779798,37.779439,37.779298,37.778647,37.777869,37.777702,37.777362,37.777208,37.776677,37.776008,37.775596,37.775288,37.77521,37.774904,37.774661,37.774472,37.774319,37.774165,37.77396,37.773677,37.773224,37.773027,37.772829,37.772571,37.772358,37.771611,37.771077,37.770888,37.770741,37.77048,37.770282,37.770174,37.770065,37.769956,37.769842,37.769814,37.769675,37.769506,37.769344,37.769158,37.768857,37.76875,37.768558,37.768409,37.768278,37.768197,37.768131,37.768085,37.768036,37.767987,37.76793,37.767877,37.767813,37.767737,37.767599,37.767493,37.767367,37.767249,37.767168,37.767076,37.766995,37.766343,37.76629,37.766192,37.766059,37.765979,37.765877,37.765768,37.765581,37.765419,37.765255,37.765126,37.764997,37.76487,37.764722,37.764606,37.76444,37.764172,37.764059,37.763912,37.76376,37.763619,37.763476,37.763331,37.763188,37.763046,37.762908,37.762785,37.762619,37.762406,37.762281,37.762223,37.762139,37.762102,37.762002,37.761895,37.761754,37.761579,37.761396,37.761083,37.760857,37.760782,37.760663,37.760573,37.760363,37.760137,37.759968,37.759788,37.759714,37.759256,37.759015,37.758655,37.757249,37.756988,37.756833,37.756785,37.75669,37.756658,37.756605,37.756546,37.75637,37.755857,37.755754,37.755655,37.755577,37.755413,37.75535,37.75526,37.755114,37.75501,37.754873,37.75463,37.754459,37.754252,37.753871,37.753685,37.753493,37.753414,37.752353,37.75216,37.752103,37.751963,37.751763,37.751561,37.751479,37.751017,37.750927,37.750839,37.750757,37.75071,37.750683,37.75063,37.750556,37.750518,37.750455,37.750405,37.750369,37.750348,37.750343,37.750358,37.750373,37.750406,37.750433,37.750456,37.750464,37.750461,37.750428,37.750432,37.750456,37.750491,37.750618,37.750784,37.750872,37.751058,37.751255,37.751325,37.751402,37.751495,37.751592,37.751678,37.751739,37.751815,37.751904,37.751952,37.752012,37.75208,37.752291,37.752426,37.752556,37.75268,37.752751,37.752966,37.753124,37.753213,37.753263,37.753305,37.753326,37.753329,37.753316,37.753289,37.753251,37.753166,37.753077,37.752704,37.752579,37.752414,37.75224,37.751314,37.751208,37.751113,37.750983,37.750935,37.750842,37.750718,37.750561,37.749789,37.74967,37.749549,37.749427,37.749281,37.749162,37.749047,37.748937,37.748835,37.748632,37.748478,37.748247,37.747973,37.747903,37.747873,37.747825,37.747754,37.747721,37.747702,37.747584,37.747553,37.747501,37.747436,37.747359,37.747252,37.746724,37.746425,37.745828,37.745402,37.745291,37.745162,37.745044,37.744674,37.744587,37.74449,37.74432,37.744028,37.743935,37.743704,37.743431,37.743304,37.742634,37.742553,37.74247,37.742363,37.742235,37.741421,37.741347,37.741294,37.74127,37.74123,37.741177,37.741129,37.740239,37.740047,37.739725,37.73968,37.738547,37.738081,37.737584,37.736906,37.735774,37.735555,37.7354,37.735243,37.734879,37.734701,37.733996,37.733805,37.733763,37.732979,37.732891,37.732746,37.732604,37.732467,37.732311,37.73218,37.731997,37.731768,37.73157,37.731544,37.731501,37.731386,37.73127,37.731214,37.731158,37.731075,37.731024,37.730933,37.730847,37.730745,37.730701,37.73067,37.730602,37.730495,37.730406,37.730374,37.730118,37.730034,37.729959,37.729802,37.729599,37.729414,37.72939,37.729304,37.729266,37.729127,37.729031,37.728944,37.728754,37.728603,37.728452,37.72826,37.728067,37.727874,37.727798,37.72764,37.725102,37.724412,37.724287,37.724163,37.724022,37.723842,37.723666,37.72347,37.723359,37.723183,37.723002,37.72286,37.722803,37.722724,37.722587,37.722454,37.722273,37.722085,37.7219,37.721721,37.721617,37.721538,37.720996,37.720726,37.720455,37.720051,37.719377,37.719234,37.719198,37.719163,37.719144,37.719121,37.718939,37.718849,37.718806,37.71879,37.718787,37.718796,37.718824,37.718862,37.718958,37.719029,37.719144,37.719216,37.719275,37.719313,37.719329,37.719361,37.719383,37.719404,37.719439,37.719486,37.719563,37.719651,37.719752,37.71981,37.71986,37.719892,37.719916,37.719917,37.719912,37.719892,37.719867,37.719781,37.719732,37.719708,37.719677,37.719659,37.719662,37.719665,37.719669,37.719692,37.719759,37.719807,37.719818,37.719826,37.719827,37.719828,37.719817,37.71978,37.719722,37.719702,37.719666,37.719634,37.719618,37.719598,37.719564,37.719549,37.719519,37.719368,37.719339,37.719265,37.719217,37.719362,37.719433,37.71952,37.719617,37.719782,37.720107,37.720124,37.720136,37.720143,37.720145,37.720141,37.720125,37.71996,37.719803,37.719777,37.719763,37.719662,37.719582,37.719536,37.719521,37.719509,37.719429,37.719287,37.719212,37.718954,37.718886,37.718824,37.7188,37.718795,37.718796,37.718812,37.718835,37.71889,37.718958,37.719023,37.719259,37.719151,37.71906,37.718999,37.718941,37.718807,37.718658,37.718574,37.718509,37.718404,37.71817,37.71809,37.717995,37.717877,37.717804,37.717742,37.717712,37.717629,37.717585,37.71753,37.717466,37.717395,37.717365,37.717223,37.717118,37.716816,37.716738,37.716663,37.716606,37.716549,37.716516,37.716472,37.716443,37.716402,37.71637,37.716324,37.716279,37.716226,37.716151,37.716082,37.715995,37.715866,37.715178,37.714647,37.714453,37.713684,37.713563,37.713435,37.713309,37.713085,37.712879,37.712679,37.712483,37.712009,37.711917,37.711337,37.71083,37.710614,37.710421,37.710153,37.709952,37.709871,37.709818,37.709568,37.709376,37.709298,37.708618,37.707915,37.707614,37.707491,37.707394,37.707287,37.707095,37.70688,37.706417,37.706199,37.705788,37.705538,37.705133,37.704736,37.704495,37.70394,37.703832,37.703736,37.703639,37.70354,37.703443,37.703009,37.702542,37.70252,37.702377,37.702322,37.70231,37.702212,37.702141,37.701954,37.701921,37.701904,37.701899,37.70191,37.702003,37.702058,37.702283,37.702283,37.702256,37.702206,37.702173,37.702135,37.702063,37.701811,37.701684,37.701624,37.70136,37.701289,37.700959,37.700904,37.700855,37.700811,37.700926,37.700981,37.701058,37.701525,37.701635,37.701679,37.70169,37.701679,37.701695,37.701734,37.701777,37.701997,37.702008,37.701953,37.701876,37.701821,37.70153,37.701459,37.701431,37.701387,37.701354,37.701228,37.701146,37.701107,37.701091,37.701074,37.701047,37.701008,37.700821,37.700767,37.700706,37.700684,37.70069,37.700701,37.700739,37.700805,37.701036,37.701167,37.70125,37.701338,37.70148,37.702018,37.70209,37.702611,37.702644,37.702672,37.702628,37.702617,37.702564,37.702463,37.702419,37.702298,37.70221,37.702144,37.701969,37.701908,37.701787,37.701738,37.701589,37.701524,37.701403,37.70132,37.701254,37.701084,37.701035,37.700985,37.700749,37.700634,37.700502,37.70032,37.70015,37.699804,37.699705,37.699535,37.699106,37.698887,37.698804,37.698617,37.698562,37.698551,37.698557,37.698584,37.698776,37.699012,37.699084,37.699732,37.699841,37.699973,37.700028,37.700033,37.700011,37.699973,37.699808,37.699742,37.699435,37.699297,37.699242,37.699182,37.699012,37.698814,37.698759,37.698715,37.69855,37.698484,37.69844,37.698017,37.697633,37.697523,37.69727,37.697045,37.696886,37.696683,37.696458,37.696249,37.696073,37.695832,37.695634,37.695393,37.695129,37.694931,37.694816,37.694772,37.694717,37.694684,37.694678,37.694706,37.694755,37.694975,37.695019,37.695052,37.695063,37.695046,37.695002,37.694942,37.694892,37.694821,37.694222,37.694041,37.693837,37.693755,37.693645,37.693508,37.69342,37.693359,37.693228,37.693118,37.692673,37.692239,37.691888,37.691778,37.691701,37.691525,37.691465,37.691317,37.691262,37.691202,37.691141,37.691075,37.690987,37.690889,37.690746,37.690389,37.690257,37.690142,37.69007,37.689785,37.689329,37.689274,37.689197,37.689065,37.689032,37.689043,37.689163,37.689388,37.689416,37.689405,37.689416,37.689443,37.689613,37.689663,37.68969,37.689718,37.689728,37.689717,37.689662,37.689608,37.689465,37.689404,37.689091,37.68902,37.688811,37.688729,37.688317,37.687927,37.687811,37.687756,37.687652,37.687586,37.687536,37.687553,37.687585,37.687695,37.687767,37.688069,37.688156,37.688327,37.688359,37.688387,37.688398,37.688288,37.688254,37.688216,37.68815,37.688084,37.687903,37.68776,37.687414,37.687184,37.687068,37.686777,37.686602,37.686464,37.686217,37.686063,37.685794,37.685734,37.685619,37.685487,37.685426,37.685256,37.685091,37.685031,37.68497,37.684888,37.684816,37.684778,37.68475,37.684745,37.68475,37.684767,37.684827,37.684876,37.684909,37.684931,37.684937,37.684931,37.684909,37.684821,37.684717,37.68453,37.684415,37.684299,37.683959,37.683498,37.683388,37.682619,37.682526,37.682444,37.682389,37.682372,37.682345,37.682318,37.68229,37.682263,37.682192,37.682022,37.681742,37.681489,37.681242,37.681176,37.681107,37.680766,37.680661,37.680626,37.680524,37.680464,37.680422,37.680371,37.680316,37.680257,37.680174,37.680033,37.679905,37.679951,37.680307,37.680456,37.680554,37.680686,37.680812,37.680889,37.681081,37.681423,37.68168,37.681795,37.681902,37.68218,37.682378,37.682502,37.682619,37.682683,37.682728,37.682775,37.682818,37.682872,37.682997,37.683094,37.683172,37.683252,37.683337,37.683372,37.683407,37.683493,37.683574,37.683647,37.683853,37.684044,37.684127,37.684235,37.684326,37.684419,37.684563,37.684708,37.684851,37.684935,37.685141,37.685309,37.685437,37.685672,37.685859,37.686398,37.686509,37.686637,37.687269,37.687414,37.687564,37.68764,37.688238,37.688769,37.689305,37.689499,37.690388,37.690805,37.691106,37.691379,37.691917,37.692203,37.692565,37.692976,37.693183,37.693491,37.693651,37.693746,37.693806,37.693949,37.694058,37.694186,37.694332,37.694505,37.694571,37.695028,37.695311,37.695604,37.695668,37.695739,37.695831,37.695895,37.695956,37.696005,37.696041,37.69607,37.696196,37.696356,37.696656,37.696937,37.697033,37.697451,37.697593,37.697784,37.698061,37.698264,37.698338,37.69844,37.698785,37.699202,37.699407,37.699486,37.700361,37.700865,37.701157,37.701502,37.701799,37.702512,37.702924,37.702998,37.703051,37.70315,37.703184,37.703313,37.703415,37.703522,37.703822,37.704449,37.70499,37.705167,37.705301,37.705593,37.705928,37.70638,37.706602,37.707213,37.70738,37.707599,37.707651,37.707809,37.707972,37.708047,37.708305,37.708702,37.708769,37.708842,37.708934,37.708939,37.70897,37.709006,37.709056,37.709231,37.710519,37.711138,37.711498,37.7117,37.712049,37.71266,37.712925,37.713093,37.713151,37.713275,37.713501,37.713601,37.713736,37.714057,37.714956,37.715238,37.715579,37.71566,37.715815,37.716098,37.716427,37.716478,37.716545,37.716577,37.7166,37.716611,37.716619,37.716613,37.716599,37.716568,37.716522,37.716448,37.716357,37.716255,37.715142,37.715004,37.714927,37.714862,37.714811,37.714778,37.714755,37.714726,37.714721,37.714731,37.714754,37.714792,37.714864,37.714952,37.715012,37.71524,37.715751,37.715812,37.715913,37.715975,37.716048,37.716145,37.716201,37.716241,37.716268,37.716279,37.71628,37.716264,37.71622,37.716205,37.716179,37.716169,37.716178,37.716202,37.716233,37.716277,37.716323,37.716378]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.985241,-78.98521,-78.985159,-78.985157,-78.9851,-78.984941,-78.98477,-78.984388,-78.984216,-78.984155,-78.984064,-78.983333,-78.982587,-78.981903,-78.981119,-78.979704,-78.978743,-78.977874,-78.977207,-78.976287,-78.975568,-78.974941,-78.974131,-78.973219,-78.973069,-78.972784,-78.972572,-78.972346,-78.971895,-78.971792,-78.971533,-78.971265,-78.971167,-78.971046,-78.970807,-78.970595,-78.970291,-78.969855,-78.969335,-78.969187,-78.969046,-78.968659,-78.968242,-78.967245,-78.96687,-78.966515,-78.965907,-78.965679,-78.965528,-78.965387,-78.965265,-78.964035,-78.963482,-78.962974,-78.962873,-78.962746,-78.962642,-78.962443,-78.962179,-78.962079,-78.961868,-78.961675,-78.961492,-78.961162,-78.96067,-78.96005,-78.959894,-78.959739,-78.959561,-78.958918,-78.958624,-78.958381,-78.957769,-78.957519,-78.957139,-78.95691,-78.956722,-78.95662,-78.956529,-78.956412,-78.956192,-78.956056,-78.955927,-78.955753,-78.955283,-78.95505,-78.95501,-78.955122,-78.955184,-78.955245,-78.95537,-78.955448,-78.955621,-78.955795,-78.956001,-78.956139,-78.956203,-78.956286,-78.956435,-78.956737,-78.956861,-78.956953,-78.957169,-78.957531,-78.957543,-78.957552,-78.95795,-78.957979,-78.958141,-78.958626,-78.958679,-78.958704,-78.958778,-78.95879,-78.958808,-78.95894,-78.959026,-78.959049,-78.959068,-78.959057,-78.959056,-78.959039,-78.959032,-78.959026,-78.958986,-78.95896,-78.958912,-78.958871,-78.958848,-78.958845,-78.958731,-78.958672,-78.958528,-78.958497,-78.958486,-78.958351,-78.958338,-78.958273,-78.958268,-78.958249,-78.958138,-78.958045,-78.957969,-78.957779,-78.95758,-78.957528,-78.957435,-78.957386,-78.957322,-78.957297,-78.957263,-78.957225,-78.957077,-78.957024,-78.956995,-78.956972,-78.956942,-78.956915,-78.956954,-78.956976,-78.956985,-78.957016,-78.956994,-78.956982,-78.956959,-78.956949,-78.956808,-78.956631,-78.956373,-78.95617,-78.956001,-78.955984,-78.955969,-78.955926,-78.955694,-78.955496,-78.955105,-78.954996,-78.954983,-78.954913,-78.954874,-78.954816,-78.95478,-78.954771,-78.954652,-78.95463,-78.95459,-78.954456,-78.954448,-78.954413,-78.954067,-78.953542,-78.953521,-78.953412,-78.95339,-78.953375,-78.953212,-78.953131,-78.952992,-78.952976,-78.952957,-78.952942,-78.952874,-78.952796,-78.952773,-78.952741,-78.952654,-78.952544,-78.952447,-78.952346,-78.952328,-78.952312,-78.95216,-78.95212,-78.952074,-78.952059,-78.952,-78.951957,-78.951878,-78.951866,-78.951764,-78.951711,-78.95166,-78.951543,-78.951437,-78.951152,-78.950932,-78.950662,-78.95062,-78.95061,-78.950588,-78.95057,-78.95056,-78.950551,-78.950004,-78.949777,-78.949405,-78.949328,-78.949293,-78.94901,-78.948653,-78.948176,-78.947617,-78.947323,-78.947107,-78.947005,-78.946982,-78.946955,-78.94694,-78.946839,-78.946745,-78.946627,-78.946501,-78.946355,-78.946274,-78.946171,-78.946139,-78.946103,-78.946011,-78.945976,-78.945905,-78.945795,-78.945749,-78.945642,-78.945466,-78.945099,-78.944944,-78.944868,-78.944822,-78.944793,-78.944724,-78.944656,-78.944318,-78.944049,-78.943669,-78.943362,-78.9433,-78.942875,-78.942687,-78.942544,-78.942525,-78.942512,-78.942383,-78.942357,-78.942279,-78.942262,-78.942068,-78.94198,-78.941863,-78.94157,-78.941355,-78.941085,-78.940727,-78.940537,-78.9403,-78.939991,-78.939781,-78.939571,-78.939251,-78.939014,-78.938762,-78.938334,-78.937958,-78.937653,-78.937278,-78.936932,-78.936434,-78.935952,-78.935063,-78.934363,-78.934197,-78.93374,-78.933475,-78.933232,-78.933039,-78.932763,-78.932471,-78.932338,-78.932136,-78.931943,-78.93179,-78.931525,-78.931312,-78.931067,-78.930895,-78.930245,-78.93004,-78.929603,-78.929348,-78.929207,-78.928973,-78.928691,-78.928345,-78.928,-78.927776,-78.927359,-78.926749,-78.926526,-78.926211,-78.925694,-78.925501,-78.925258,-78.924387,-78.922969,-78.92255,-78.922058,-78.921636,-78.9213,-78.92121,-78.921099,-78.92108,-78.921101,-78.921145,-78.921186,-78.921299,-78.92133,-78.921301,-78.921241,-78.921159,-78.920978,-78.920847,-78.920746,-78.9206,-78.920301,-78.920191,-78.920099,-78.920029,-78.92002,-78.920074,-78.920134,-78.920108,-78.920064,-78.919963,-78.919831,-78.919658,-78.919451,-78.919338,-78.919229,-78.918965,-78.918822,-78.91867,-78.918578,-78.918507,-78.918315,-78.918142,-78.91802,-78.917867,-78.917735,-78.917581,-78.917439,-78.917332,-78.917224,-78.917176,-78.916993,-78.91684,-78.916731,-78.916647,-78.916443,-78.916276,-78.916157,-78.915912,-78.915784,-78.915674,-78.915502,-78.914737,-78.914049,-78.91375,-78.913415,-78.913029,-78.912674,-78.912573,-78.912462,-78.91235,-78.912176,-78.912105,-78.911819,-78.911299,-78.910902,-78.910303,-78.909429,-78.908463,-78.908171,-78.907278,-78.906545,-78.906315,-78.906082,-78.905989,-78.90592,-78.905759,-78.905523,-78.905404,-78.90514,-78.905017,-78.904896,-78.904744,-78.904598,-78.904469,-78.904075,-78.903768,-78.903627,-78.903514,-78.903321,-78.903179,-78.903098,-78.902988,-78.902754,-78.902431,-78.901975,-78.901871,-78.901741,-78.901509,-78.901133,-78.900745,-78.900458,-78.900248,-78.899698,-78.899543,-78.899428,-78.899296,-78.899093,-78.899053,-78.899084,-78.899196,-78.899379,-78.899501,-78.899644,-78.899764,-78.899928,-78.900081,-78.900295,-78.900428,-78.90052,-78.900566,-78.900616,-78.900675,-78.900696,-78.900758,-78.900817,-78.900943,-78.900984,-78.901158,-78.901341,-78.901535,-78.901718,-78.901861,-78.902128,-78.902282,-78.902325,-78.902338,-78.902259,-78.902149,-78.901923,-78.893409,-78.893257,-78.892889,-78.892722,-78.892438,-78.891807,-78.891335,-78.891175,-78.89094,-78.89069,-78.890433,-78.890163,-78.889698,-78.889524,-78.889358,-78.888664,-78.888442,-78.888172,-78.887679,-78.887554,-78.887471,-78.887374,-78.88711,-78.886881,-78.886618,-78.886056,-78.885716,-78.885563,-78.885445,-78.885355,-78.885161,-78.885036,-78.884897,-78.884793,-78.884411,-78.884286,-78.884134,-78.88396,-78.883856,-78.883801,-78.883773,-78.883703,-78.883516,-78.883433,-78.883314,-78.88321,-78.883113,-78.883009,-78.882599,-78.88246,-78.882391,-78.882252,-78.882044,-78.88187,-78.881558,-78.881315,-78.881156,-78.881058,-78.881017,-78.880912,-78.880579,-78.880357,-78.88017,-78.880059,-78.879996,-78.879975,-78.879989,-78.880024,-78.880051,-78.88001,-78.879871,-78.879642,-78.879205,-78.879031,-78.878878,-78.87867,-78.878413,-78.87817,-78.878073,-78.87799,-78.877927,-78.877808,-78.87776,-78.877586,-78.877579,-78.877502,-78.877433,-78.877391,-78.87737,-78.877439,-78.877425,-78.877231,-78.877057,-78.876967,-78.876939,-78.877008,-78.877001,-78.87705,-78.877209,-78.877223,-78.877146,-78.877202,-78.877306,-78.877382,-78.877375,-78.877326,-78.877222,-78.877083,-78.87684,-78.876563,-78.876368,-78.876146,-78.875362,-78.874744,-78.874228,-78.874061,-78.873957,-78.873825,-78.873638,-78.873562,-78.87352,-78.87264,-78.872224,-78.871704,-78.871614,-78.871545,-78.871406,-78.871288,-78.87099,-78.870838,-78.870599,-78.87047,-78.869908,-78.869797,-78.869548,-78.869458,-78.869305,-78.869194,-78.869,-78.868417,-78.867966,-78.867772,-78.867411,-78.867252,-78.866792,-78.866684,-78.866616,-78.866422,-78.866289,-78.866209,-78.86608,-78.865955,-78.865657,-78.865419,-78.865199,-78.864974,-78.864543,-78.863975,-78.863402,-78.862739,-78.862603,-78.862413,-78.862167,-78.861925,-78.861744,-78.861581,-78.86142,-78.861357,-78.860583,-78.86043,-78.86028,-78.860135,-78.859996,-78.859943,-78.859641,-78.859254,-78.859066,-78.858936,-78.858723,-78.858504,-78.858308,-78.857941,-78.857592,-78.85725,-78.857037,-78.856905,-78.856789,-78.856694,-78.856543,-78.856443,-78.856365,-78.856262,-78.85598,-78.855774,-78.855682,-78.855583,-78.855481,-78.855378,-78.855132,-78.854881,-78.854662,-78.854477,-78.854319,-78.854184,-78.85404,-78.85389,-78.853766,-78.853249,-78.853124,-78.852963,-78.852864,-78.852753,-78.852644,-78.852539,-78.852442,-78.852257,-78.852131,-78.851944,-78.851891,-78.851802,-78.85168,-78.851544,-78.85119,-78.851116,-78.850998,-78.850873,-78.850732,-78.85064,-78.850437,-78.850192,-78.850076,-78.849976,-78.849785,-78.849721,-78.849528,-78.849373,-78.849202,-78.849153,-78.849063,-78.849013,-78.848769,-78.848669,-78.848487,-78.848364,-78.848286,-78.848158,-78.848085,-78.847992,-78.847892,-78.847807,-78.84714,-78.846968,-78.846829,-78.846696,-78.846411,-78.846211,-78.84611,-78.846033,-78.84595,-78.845928,-78.845859,-78.845811,-78.845726,-78.84561,-78.845543,-78.845414,-78.845224,-78.844677,-78.843752,-78.843306,-78.842583,-78.84199,-78.84139,-78.841102,-78.840904,-78.840018,-78.839827,-78.839645,-78.839543,-78.83943,-78.839356,-78.839274,-78.839187,-78.839345,-78.839358,-78.839357,-78.839336,-78.839324,-78.839283,-78.839214,-78.839123,-78.839015,-78.83889,-78.838743,-78.838453,-78.838238,-78.837913,-78.837686,-78.837508,-78.83728,-78.837175,-78.836629,-78.835394,-78.835212,-78.835068,-78.834992,-78.834927,-78.834862,-78.834762,-78.834665,-78.834634,-78.834623,-78.834628,-78.834651,-78.834756,-78.834948,-78.834986,-78.835017,-78.835082,-78.835203,-78.835238,-78.835255,-78.835254,-78.835231,-78.835194,-78.83514,-78.835068,-78.834982,-78.834854,-78.834678,-78.834502,-78.833765,-78.833366,-78.83319,-78.832907,-78.832859,-78.832753,-78.832665,-78.832492,-78.832314,-78.832243,-78.832223,-78.832189,-78.832175,-78.832175,-78.832189,-78.832277,-78.832325,-78.832403,-78.832496,-78.832597,-78.832686,-78.832832,-78.833008,-78.83316,-78.83338,-78.833644,-78.833687,-78.834414,-78.83469,-78.83485,-78.834962,-78.835041,-78.835089,-78.835139,-78.835213,-78.835256,-78.83527,-78.835332,-78.83551,-78.835541,-78.835559,-78.835567,-78.835557,-78.835522,-78.835473,-78.835308,-78.835193,-78.835044,-78.835001,-78.834975,-78.834967,-78.834982,-78.835015,-78.835075,-78.83514,-78.835241,-78.835344,-78.835463,-78.835754,-78.835867,-78.836019,-78.836183,-78.836359,-78.836432,-78.836772,-78.836947,-78.8372,-78.837698,-78.838012,-78.838147,-78.838332,-78.838501,-78.838609,-78.838801,-78.839032,-78.839154,-78.839325,-78.839385,-78.839757,-78.839781,-78.83989,-78.84001,-78.840235,-78.840416,-78.840532,-78.840611,-78.8407,-78.840814,-78.840861,-78.84089,-78.840902,-78.840886,-78.84085,-78.840721,-78.840622,-78.840547,-78.840456,-78.840392,-78.840295,-78.84016,-78.840008,-78.839841,-78.839633,-78.839583,-78.839483,-78.839243,-78.839015,-78.838976,-78.838871,-78.838755,-78.838655,-78.83859,-78.838557,-78.838506,-78.838439,-78.838332,-78.838115,-78.838075,-78.838055,-78.838088,-78.838092,-78.838211,-78.838292,-78.838402,-78.838432,-78.838468,-78.838527,-78.838637,-78.838748,-78.838887,-78.838902,-78.838941,-78.839025,-78.839106,-78.839228,-78.83932,-78.839362,-78.839376,-78.839479,-78.839518,-78.839615,-78.839768,-78.840025,-78.840177,-78.840678,-78.840904,-78.840981,-78.841186,-78.841408,-78.841645,-78.842524,-78.842857,-78.843049,-78.843637,-78.844143,-78.84496,-78.845531,-78.845625,-78.846829,-78.847597,-78.8487,-78.849213,-78.849273,-78.850466,-78.850949,-78.851758,-78.852345,-78.853482,-78.854896,-78.855483,-78.855567,-78.85608,-78.856137,-78.856639,-78.856722,-78.856849,-78.856937,-78.857133,-78.857394,-78.857815,-78.857913,-78.857922,-78.85806,-78.858217,-78.858603,-78.858828,-78.85916,-78.859195,-78.859434,-78.859501,-78.859736,-78.860216,-78.860503,-78.861277,-78.862259,-78.862407,-78.862782,-78.86297,-78.863418,-78.864068,-78.864672,-78.864729,-78.864937,-78.865617,-78.866181,-78.866447,-78.866869,-78.867506,-78.868872,-78.869111,-78.869651,-78.87021,-78.870462,-78.871186,-78.87221,-78.872692,-78.873244,-78.873444,-78.873665,-78.874848,-78.874922,-78.875503,-78.875928,-78.87627,-78.876399,-78.876496,-78.876607,-78.877001,-78.877292,-78.877504,-78.877564,-78.87785,-78.878035,-78.878456,-78.879185,-78.879986,-78.880649,-78.881683,-78.88197,-78.882289,-78.882717,-78.882945,-78.883082,-78.883331,-78.883487,-78.883724,-78.88397,-78.8841,-78.884193,-78.884517,-78.884869,-78.885242,-78.885476,-78.885756,-78.886303,-78.8867,-78.886926,-78.887163,-78.887483,-78.88828,-78.888416,-78.888633,-78.888983,-78.889259,-78.889757,-78.889996,-78.890542,-78.892516,-78.893228,-78.894409,-78.89478,-78.896174,-78.896424,-78.896729,-78.897248,-78.897374,-78.897624,-78.897765,-78.898076,-78.898508,-78.898932,-78.898962,-78.899235,-78.899371,-78.899436,-78.899522,-78.899806,-78.89999,-78.900186,-78.901054,-78.901201,-78.902018,-78.902267,-78.904094,-78.904849,-78.90502,-78.905242,-78.905719,-78.906059,-78.90624,-78.906484,-78.907061,-78.907334,-78.907536,-78.907747,-78.908775,-78.908961,-78.909402,-78.910194,-78.910433,-78.910605,-78.911021,-78.911326,-78.912258,-78.91255,-78.913675,-78.914544,-78.91604,-78.916304,-78.916777,-78.917052,-78.917169,-78.91737,-78.917579,-78.917838,-78.918059,-78.918534,-78.920058,-78.921807,-78.922094,-78.922321,-78.922815,-78.923728,-78.924418,-78.924487,-78.925105,-78.926689,-78.926877,-78.927884,-78.928045,-78.929112,-78.930442,-78.931879,-78.932473,-78.932954,-78.934101,-78.934421,-78.935047,-78.935295,-78.935564,-78.935947,-78.936328,-78.936705,-78.936913,-78.937157,-78.937396,-78.937845,-78.93863,-78.93873,-78.938953,-78.939175,-78.939418,-78.939956,-78.940363,-78.940645,-78.940989,-78.941181,-78.941442,-78.941737,-78.941969,-78.942083,-78.942401,-78.942873,-78.943201,-78.943536,-78.943861,-78.944339,-78.945633,-78.946508,-78.948656,-78.949073,-78.949304,-78.950165,-78.950308,-78.950816,-78.951218,-78.95144,-78.951993,-78.952548,-78.952876,-78.953138,-78.953404,-78.953566,-78.953825,-78.954085,-78.954345,-78.954957,-78.956082,-78.956441,-78.956858,-78.957197,-78.957298,-78.957864,-78.958144,-78.958293,-78.958445,-78.958519,-78.958598,-78.95868,-78.958718,-78.958869,-78.958917,-78.959039,-78.959081,-78.959436,-78.959668,-78.959838,-78.960058,-78.960237,-78.960903,-78.960929,-78.961129,-78.961347,-78.961516,-78.961719,-78.961909,-78.962053,-78.962257,-78.962445,-78.962541,-78.962759,-78.963006,-78.963138,-78.96329,-78.963421,-78.963559,-78.963743,-78.963837,-78.963984,-78.964105,-78.964261,-78.964421,-78.964635,-78.965142,-78.965384,-78.965697,-78.96609,-78.966445,-78.966861,-78.967268,-78.967349,-78.967783,-78.967821,-78.96832,-78.968373,-78.968531,-78.968914,-78.969402,-78.969779,-78.969994,-78.970029,-78.970175,-78.970313,-78.970438,-78.970548,-78.970719,-78.970858,-78.971048,-78.971374,-78.971508,-78.971565,-78.971604,-78.971624,-78.971632,-78.97162,-78.971584,-78.971569,-78.971572,-78.971603,-78.971631,-78.971637,-78.971643,-78.971666,-78.971714,-78.971734,-78.971807,-78.971883,-78.971974,-78.972079,-78.97215,-78.972438,-78.972692,-78.972782,-78.972883,-78.97299,-78.973056,-78.973067,-78.973128,-78.97317,-78.973224,-78.97331,-78.97335,-78.973383,-78.973502,-78.973569,-78.973653,-78.973763,-78.973775,-78.97377,-78.973746,-78.973704,-78.973655,-78.973598,-78.973534,-78.973523,-78.973406,-78.973289,-78.973158,-78.973006,-78.972647,-78.972399,-78.972296,-78.972166,-78.972051,-78.971948,-78.971882,-78.971831,-78.971779,-78.971753,-78.971745,-78.971756,-78.971786,-78.971812,-78.971897,-78.971999,-78.972122,-78.972228,-78.972258,-78.972318,-78.972378,-78.972408,-78.972429,-78.972433,-78.972418,-78.972371,-78.972317,-78.972245,-78.972175,-78.97143,-78.970797,-78.970162,-78.970096,-78.970046,-78.970022,-78.970015,-78.970022,-78.97004,-78.97008,-78.970123,-78.97019,-78.970261,-78.970348,-78.970452,-78.97149,-78.971812,-78.971856,-78.972087,-78.972232,-78.972366,-78.972421,-78.972468,-78.972559,-78.972651,-78.973032,-78.973858,-78.975613,-78.975745,-78.975875,-78.976034,-78.976158,-78.976304,-78.97646,-78.976544,-78.976637,-78.976732,-78.976806,-78.976874,-78.976941,-78.977024,-78.977099,-78.977205,-78.977324,-78.977456,-78.977594,-78.977742,-78.977926,-78.978071,-78.978548,-78.979029,-78.979146,-78.979261,-78.979454,-78.979647,-78.979796,-78.979977,-78.980245,-78.980557,-78.980677,-78.980835,-78.981076,-78.981908,-78.982593,-78.983349,-78.983605,-78.983794,-78.983991,-78.984347,-78.984471,-78.984589,-78.984744,-78.984885,-78.984979,-78.985032,-78.98508,-78.985146,-78.985184,-78.985224,-78.985246,-78.985241],"lat":[37.901606,37.901769,37.901959,37.901996,37.90206,37.902235,37.902423,37.902809,37.902924,37.902986,37.903026,37.903293,37.904064,37.904858,37.90596,37.906838,37.907391,37.907993,37.908496,37.908993,37.909375,37.909652,37.910027,37.910354,37.910418,37.91055,37.910736,37.910938,37.911358,37.911466,37.911689,37.911935,37.912031,37.912138,37.912383,37.912507,37.912676,37.912815,37.912907,37.913,37.913038,37.913086,37.913072,37.9131,37.91311,37.913176,37.913316,37.913418,37.913444,37.913548,37.913632,37.914486,37.914796,37.914966,37.915009,37.915038,37.915046,37.915068,37.915115,37.915188,37.915255,37.915304,37.915349,37.915422,37.915553,37.915706,37.915708,37.915785,37.91583,37.91607,37.916192,37.916249,37.91639,37.916467,37.916535,37.916575,37.916558,37.916553,37.916541,37.916529,37.916535,37.916505,37.916477,37.916446,37.916412,37.916445,37.91651,37.916634,37.916703,37.916714,37.916759,37.916782,37.916869,37.916951,37.917044,37.917074,37.917135,37.917196,37.917303,37.917525,37.917629,37.917709,37.917898,37.918393,37.918411,37.918422,37.918767,37.918792,37.918932,37.919533,37.919599,37.91963,37.919777,37.919799,37.919827,37.920026,37.920162,37.920218,37.920262,37.920391,37.920457,37.920559,37.920621,37.920642,37.920785,37.920855,37.920984,37.921094,37.921158,37.921167,37.92149,37.921707,37.921797,37.921847,37.921865,37.922089,37.922111,37.922219,37.922229,37.922269,37.9225,37.922626,37.922729,37.923053,37.92329,37.923348,37.923463,37.923524,37.923594,37.923621,37.923661,37.923707,37.923883,37.924103,37.924225,37.92434,37.924506,37.924674,37.925006,37.925232,37.925453,37.925525,37.925632,37.925704,37.925827,37.925879,37.926041,37.926198,37.926413,37.92652,37.926603,37.926613,37.926621,37.926645,37.926854,37.92701,37.927341,37.927433,37.927444,37.927503,37.927536,37.927586,37.927617,37.927625,37.92773,37.927748,37.927782,37.927909,37.927917,37.92795,37.92823,37.928684,37.928702,37.928806,37.928827,37.928841,37.929072,37.929187,37.929421,37.929448,37.929481,37.929507,37.929647,37.929761,37.929795,37.929923,37.930275,37.930551,37.930813,37.931039,37.931078,37.931104,37.931356,37.931417,37.931489,37.931512,37.931607,37.931676,37.931807,37.931921,37.931957,37.932038,37.932068,37.932121,37.932194,37.932423,37.932595,37.932803,37.932835,37.932843,37.93286,37.932874,37.932881,37.932888,37.933302,37.933473,37.933759,37.933872,37.933924,37.934169,37.934477,37.934886,37.935199,37.935355,37.935475,37.935511,37.935557,37.935612,37.935645,37.935744,37.935838,37.935878,37.936052,37.936162,37.936276,37.936422,37.936467,37.936518,37.936818,37.937084,37.937181,37.937284,37.937313,37.937368,37.937434,37.937571,37.937629,37.937658,37.937678,37.937686,37.9377,37.937738,37.937885,37.937992,37.938135,37.93825,37.938285,37.938527,37.938794,37.938963,37.939,37.939052,37.939474,37.939561,37.939824,37.939881,37.940237,37.94031,37.940407,37.940574,37.940578,37.940583,37.940585,37.940579,37.940562,37.94049,37.940442,37.940393,37.940315,37.940262,37.940205,37.940029,37.939966,37.939959,37.939973,37.939986,37.940004,37.939985,37.93996,37.939945,37.939948,37.939909,37.939886,37.939895,37.93992,37.939972,37.940108,37.940132,37.940141,37.940142,37.94011,37.940055,37.940023,37.939985,37.939952,37.939938,37.939899,37.939868,37.93986,37.939878,37.939911,37.940011,37.940138,37.940173,37.940174,37.940127,37.940073,37.940122,37.94018,37.940303,37.940424,37.940514,37.940857,37.941548,37.941821,37.942157,37.942454,37.94275,37.942887,37.943074,37.943203,37.943308,37.943484,37.943764,37.944058,37.944155,37.944284,37.944398,37.944571,37.944713,37.944827,37.944924,37.945059,37.945217,37.945307,37.945403,37.945605,37.945694,37.945848,37.946065,37.946139,37.946211,37.946276,37.946268,37.946213,37.946126,37.946086,37.946045,37.945981,37.945973,37.945974,37.945984,37.945991,37.946016,37.94604,37.946041,37.946017,37.945993,37.945967,37.945933,37.945886,37.945867,37.945923,37.945923,37.945916,37.945894,37.945844,37.945756,37.945677,37.94562,37.945425,37.945403,37.945347,37.945289,37.945347,37.945424,37.945483,37.945558,37.945639,37.945835,37.945851,37.945876,37.945852,37.945788,37.945732,37.945523,37.945347,37.94526,37.945254,37.945346,37.945597,37.945681,37.945959,37.946315,37.946415,37.946528,37.946578,37.946641,37.946756,37.946919,37.946983,37.947016,37.947013,37.947033,37.947018,37.947024,37.947027,37.946994,37.946973,37.946997,37.947022,37.947095,37.947177,37.947241,37.947335,37.947477,37.94772,37.94798,37.948041,37.948091,37.948184,37.948282,37.948338,37.948413,37.948516,37.948711,37.948709,37.948727,37.948732,37.948798,37.948862,37.948927,37.948983,37.948999,37.949006,37.949006,37.949001,37.949045,37.949085,37.949173,37.949245,37.949366,37.94952,37.949678,37.949809,37.949906,37.950051,37.950167,37.950325,37.950398,37.95051,37.950623,37.950687,37.950742,37.950839,37.951169,37.951402,37.951766,37.952226,37.952581,37.952889,37.95325,37.954947,37.954974,37.95515,37.955188,37.955204,37.955352,37.955566,37.955583,37.95555,37.955539,37.955577,37.955654,37.95595,37.956038,37.956071,37.956142,37.956197,37.956246,37.956301,37.95635,37.956443,37.956487,37.956476,37.956493,37.956608,37.956811,37.956981,37.957041,37.957129,37.957167,37.957173,37.9572,37.957343,37.957409,37.957579,37.957656,37.957694,37.957683,37.957721,37.957804,37.957919,37.958056,37.958271,37.958419,37.958539,37.9586,37.958863,37.959006,37.95966,37.959797,37.959923,37.960055,37.960126,37.960208,37.960291,37.960439,37.960609,37.960807,37.960927,37.961048,37.961284,37.961339,37.961399,37.961509,37.961635,37.961817,37.961965,37.962036,37.962141,37.962245,37.962349,37.962442,37.962662,37.96281,37.962986,37.963189,37.96337,37.963579,37.963721,37.963886,37.964161,37.965198,37.965402,37.965808,37.965956,37.966126,37.966236,37.966423,37.96656,37.966714,37.966791,37.967044,37.967241,37.9674,37.967543,37.967675,37.967845,37.968048,37.968186,37.968351,37.968515,37.968647,37.968735,37.968872,37.968993,37.969196,37.969378,37.969498,37.969619,37.969696,37.969756,37.969811,37.970184,37.970491,37.970544,37.970572,37.970621,37.97072,37.970934,37.971072,37.971107,37.97183,37.972209,37.972643,37.972731,37.972846,37.973138,37.973319,37.973627,37.973731,37.973866,37.97394,37.974319,37.974379,37.974457,37.974528,37.974627,37.974682,37.974753,37.974896,37.974952,37.974935,37.974886,37.974875,37.974966,37.974906,37.974886,37.97487,37.974872,37.97488,37.974905,37.974943,37.975083,37.975213,37.975308,37.975389,37.975517,37.975671,37.975811,37.976014,37.976059,37.976107,37.976155,37.976187,37.976202,37.976199,37.976182,37.97617,37.97613,37.976137,37.97616,37.976196,37.976247,37.976271,37.976432,37.976623,37.976708,37.976752,37.9768,37.976828,37.97687,37.976979,37.977098,37.977231,37.977323,37.977366,37.977391,37.977402,37.977405,37.977392,37.97737,37.977319,37.977126,37.977004,37.976967,37.976943,37.976934,37.976939,37.976983,37.977043,37.977103,37.977133,37.977141,37.977135,37.977114,37.977078,37.977036,37.976821,37.976779,37.97674,37.976722,37.976723,37.976739,37.976768,37.976812,37.976926,37.977015,37.977174,37.977229,37.977342,37.977547,37.977826,37.978468,37.978581,37.978737,37.978877,37.979007,37.979081,37.979226,37.979423,37.979538,37.979662,37.979948,37.980048,37.980343,37.980608,37.980922,37.981004,37.981109,37.981159,37.981344,37.981415,37.981534,37.981623,37.981688,37.981823,37.981877,37.981926,37.981961,37.981978,37.982015,37.982029,37.982054,37.982094,37.982205,37.9823,37.982358,37.982414,37.982493,37.982519,37.98261,37.982695,37.982865,37.983057,37.983034,37.983011,37.982994,37.982922,37.982799,37.982734,37.98264,37.982556,37.982458,37.982395,37.982344,37.98206,37.981987,37.981907,37.981845,37.98176,37.981722,37.981696,37.981684,37.979854,37.979535,37.979136,37.978687,37.978548,37.978199,37.977812,37.977417,37.977025,37.976641,37.976242,37.975538,37.975046,37.974305,37.97382,37.973459,37.973031,37.972842,37.971886,37.969764,37.969434,37.969165,37.96899,37.968812,37.968587,37.968113,37.967551,37.967244,37.966997,37.966708,37.966434,37.965756,37.96474,37.964541,37.964375,37.96399,37.963321,37.963083,37.962843,37.962604,37.962318,37.962084,37.961851,37.961622,37.961417,37.961154,37.960847,37.960555,37.959313,37.958662,37.958357,37.957834,37.95774,37.957471,37.957198,37.956556,37.955878,37.955569,37.955461,37.95522,37.955028,37.954787,37.954629,37.954136,37.953961,37.953741,37.953533,37.953339,37.953191,37.952979,37.95275,37.952571,37.952339,37.952077,37.952033,37.951298,37.950996,37.95079,37.950623,37.950486,37.950387,37.950274,37.950055,37.94987,37.949784,37.949488,37.948563,37.948383,37.948213,37.948001,37.947789,37.947536,37.947327,37.946788,37.946456,37.945991,37.945806,37.945615,37.945423,37.945193,37.945002,37.944779,37.9446,37.944392,37.944224,37.944064,37.94374,37.943633,37.943508,37.943392,37.943288,37.943249,37.943032,37.94291,37.942718,37.942307,37.942035,37.941913,37.94171,37.941498,37.941342,37.941065,37.940728,37.940546,37.940287,37.940207,37.939676,37.939642,37.939479,37.939311,37.938969,37.938657,37.938422,37.938231,37.937978,37.937519,37.937279,37.937033,37.936615,37.936343,37.936074,37.935386,37.934958,37.9347,37.934446,37.934303,37.934134,37.933929,37.933732,37.933542,37.933337,37.933291,37.933181,37.9329,37.932605,37.932552,37.932376,37.932151,37.931922,37.931743,37.93164,37.93145,37.93111,37.930531,37.929292,37.929002,37.928674,37.928058,37.928001,37.927218,37.92672,37.926038,37.925849,37.925618,37.925223,37.924499,37.923807,37.922575,37.92239,37.921928,37.921186,37.92033,37.919595,37.919255,37.91913,37.919092,37.91882,37.918728,37.918515,37.918215,37.917794,37.917587,37.916905,37.9166,37.916477,37.916175,37.915879,37.915592,37.914735,37.914416,37.914234,37.913751,37.913327,37.91262,37.91216,37.912085,37.911057,37.910411,37.909485,37.909031,37.90898,37.907994,37.907593,37.906903,37.906403,37.905439,37.904255,37.903763,37.903692,37.903262,37.903214,37.90278,37.902707,37.902606,37.902541,37.902371,37.902119,37.901642,37.901531,37.901518,37.901331,37.901117,37.900589,37.900264,37.899846,37.899802,37.899551,37.899482,37.89927,37.898888,37.89866,37.898071,37.897312,37.897198,37.896897,37.896745,37.896403,37.895908,37.895441,37.895397,37.895235,37.894722,37.894333,37.894149,37.89392,37.89359,37.892861,37.892734,37.892422,37.892116,37.891969,37.891546,37.890914,37.890609,37.890251,37.890126,37.88999,37.889243,37.889195,37.888822,37.888558,37.888339,37.888257,37.888197,37.888128,37.88791,37.887795,37.88772,37.887699,37.887623,37.887588,37.887542,37.887477,37.887411,37.887357,37.887269,37.887241,37.887218,37.887176,37.887143,37.887116,37.887055,37.887008,37.886937,37.886855,37.886812,37.886781,37.88667,37.886567,37.886482,37.88645,37.886418,37.886382,37.886382,37.886402,37.886431,37.886478,37.886619,37.886639,37.886672,37.886708,37.886723,37.886727,37.886719,37.88669,37.88656,37.886508,37.886431,37.886408,37.886304,37.88629,37.886273,37.886236,37.886218,37.886175,37.886137,37.886031,37.885824,37.885514,37.885486,37.885239,37.885092,37.885022,37.884943,37.884688,37.884555,37.884432,37.883992,37.883924,37.883545,37.883426,37.882551,37.8822,37.882116,37.881998,37.881718,37.881506,37.881372,37.881171,37.880638,37.880341,37.880112,37.879871,37.878622,37.878395,37.877875,37.876894,37.876613,37.87642,37.876008,37.875727,37.87489,37.874618,37.873608,37.872836,37.871509,37.871268,37.871609,37.871788,37.871842,37.871923,37.87199,37.872053,37.87209,37.872134,37.872236,37.872354,37.87238,37.872412,37.872506,37.872705,37.872849,37.872863,37.872992,37.873305,37.873342,37.873523,37.873555,37.873758,37.874033,37.874339,37.874462,37.874562,37.874792,37.874847,37.874918,37.874936,37.874951,37.874974,37.87501,37.875061,37.875097,37.875155,37.875222,37.875375,37.875661,37.875693,37.87575,37.875802,37.875845,37.875916,37.875956,37.875988,37.876041,37.876077,37.876138,37.876221,37.876297,37.876339,37.87647,37.876666,37.876772,37.876863,37.876937,37.877036,37.877281,37.877458,37.877873,37.877959,37.878005,37.878179,37.878211,37.878329,37.87843,37.878497,37.878665,37.878845,37.878941,37.879,37.879045,37.879066,37.879083,37.879086,37.879074,37.87902,37.878914,37.878886,37.878836,37.878775,37.878749,37.878567,37.878498,37.878474,37.878465,37.878467,37.878471,37.878481,37.878489,37.878524,37.878539,37.878586,37.878607,37.878785,37.878891,37.878955,37.879024,37.87907,37.879227,37.879236,37.879305,37.879395,37.879476,37.879594,37.879724,37.879836,37.880048,37.880267,37.880391,37.880678,37.880977,37.881123,37.881259,37.881361,37.881456,37.881565,37.88161,37.881661,37.881693,37.88172,37.881733,37.881743,37.881742,37.881748,37.881762,37.881812,37.881875,37.881998,37.882136,37.882166,37.882311,37.882326,37.882525,37.88255,37.882625,37.882806,37.883095,37.883318,37.883461,37.883484,37.883582,37.883698,37.883823,37.883956,37.884212,37.884444,37.884728,37.885193,37.885413,37.885543,37.885676,37.885812,37.886083,37.8863,37.886662,37.887014,37.887181,37.887651,37.887932,37.887974,37.888014,37.888128,37.888288,37.88834,37.888503,37.888635,37.888762,37.88888,37.888948,37.889176,37.889361,37.889439,37.889544,37.889682,37.889798,37.889818,37.889966,37.890119,37.890553,37.891251,37.891434,37.891543,37.892077,37.892436,37.893129,37.894017,37.89426,37.894442,37.894617,37.894791,37.89494,37.895071,37.895178,37.895197,37.89536,37.895491,37.895612,37.89573,37.895958,37.896131,37.896215,37.896343,37.896479,37.896621,37.896741,37.896866,37.897021,37.897153,37.897286,37.897509,37.897704,37.89782,37.898003,37.898179,37.898349,37.898525,37.898587,37.898708,37.898857,37.898977,37.899129,37.899281,37.899434,37.899651,37.899806,37.899957,37.900074,37.901202,37.902116,37.903033,37.903161,37.903294,37.903394,37.903484,37.903597,37.903687,37.903795,37.903876,37.90396,37.904025,37.904087,37.904141,37.904564,37.904672,37.904684,37.904748,37.904781,37.9048,37.904804,37.904808,37.904806,37.904804,37.904785,37.904713,37.904577,37.904562,37.904537,37.904495,37.904451,37.904384,37.904293,37.904228,37.904138,37.904018,37.903905,37.903761,37.903646,37.903536,37.903451,37.903353,37.903265,37.903182,37.903108,37.903046,37.902989,37.902952,37.902872,37.902801,37.90278,37.902753,37.902701,37.902639,37.902579,37.902491,37.902335,37.902162,37.90211,37.902057,37.902002,37.901828,37.901691,37.901533,37.901463,37.901397,37.901311,37.901126,37.901078,37.901052,37.901032,37.901028,37.901039,37.901056,37.901081,37.901147,37.90121,37.901326,37.901464,37.901606]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.90797,-78.907954,-78.907978,-78.907965,-78.90795,-78.907919,-78.907841,-78.907714,-78.907589,-78.907479,-78.907409,-78.907367,-78.907299,-78.907271,-78.907303,-78.907292,-78.907267,-78.90726,-78.907253,-78.907245,-78.907263,-78.907275,-78.907277,-78.907279,-78.907281,-78.907283,-78.90727,-78.907268,-78.907227,-78.907216,-78.907174,-78.907163,-78.907128,-78.907045,-78.906907,-78.906862,-78.906773,-78.906545,-78.906194,-78.906112,-78.90608,-78.906021,-78.906016,-78.906016,-78.906013,-78.905995,-78.905981,-78.905938,-78.906016,-78.906035,-78.906037,-78.906044,-78.906098,-78.906449,-78.906739,-78.906745,-78.906944,-78.906972,-78.907041,-78.907051,-78.906945,-78.906722,-78.906547,-78.905996,-78.905745,-78.905253,-78.905114,-78.905104,-78.905084,-78.905049,-78.904744,-78.904496,-78.904382,-78.904351,-78.904175,-78.903849,-78.903576,-78.903261,-78.902944,-78.902841,-78.902512,-78.902357,-78.902076,-78.901792,-78.90152,-78.901287,-78.901116,-78.900914,-78.900773,-78.90055,-78.90045,-78.900451,-78.900421,-78.900279,-78.900087,-78.899966,-78.899825,-78.899746,-78.89966,-78.899523,-78.89933,-78.899074,-78.898871,-78.898613,-78.898278,-78.897833,-78.89759,-78.897052,-78.896574,-78.896198,-78.895984,-78.895548,-78.895379,-78.895112,-78.894884,-78.894719,-78.894507,-78.894252,-78.894069,-78.893918,-78.893723,-78.893478,-78.893223,-78.892938,-78.892711,-78.892572,-78.892144,-78.891778,-78.891506,-78.89124,-78.890854,-78.890542,-78.890294,-78.890126,-78.889757,-78.889342,-78.888897,-78.888654,-78.888478,-78.88828,-78.888119,-78.88803,-78.887931,-78.887923,-78.887884,-78.887833,-78.887819,-78.88783,-78.887829,-78.887829,-78.88783,-78.887831,-78.887837,-78.887794,-78.887851,-78.887905,-78.887935,-78.887943,-78.887998,-78.888011,-78.888022,-78.888038,-78.888044,-78.888047,-78.888136,-78.888138,-78.888145,-78.888142,-78.888141,-78.888087,-78.88808,-78.887776,-78.88763,-78.887393,-78.887149,-78.886857,-78.88627,-78.886068,-78.885829,-78.885612,-78.885585,-78.885518,-78.885462,-78.885242,-78.885207,-78.88516,-78.885139,-78.885117,-78.885111,-78.884869,-78.884836,-78.884345,-78.884215,-78.884178,-78.88417,-78.884127,-78.883954,-78.88393,-78.883429,-78.883419,-78.883278,-78.883168,-78.883161,-78.882117,-78.881898,-78.881895,-78.881756,-78.881721,-78.881744,-78.881748,-78.881762,-78.881774,-78.881778,-78.881782,-78.881793,-78.881854,-78.881913,-78.881917,-78.881922,-78.881936,-78.882099,-78.882179,-78.882214,-78.88225,-78.882259,-78.882287,-78.882286,-78.882292,-78.882335,-78.882366,-78.88237,-78.882372,-78.882374,-78.882375,-78.882379,-78.882375,-78.882369,-78.882366,-78.882359,-78.882361,-78.882363,-78.882367,-78.882386,-78.882354,-78.882287,-78.882162,-78.881951,-78.881639,-78.881336,-78.880758,-78.879702,-78.879185,-78.878983,-78.878701,-78.878398,-78.878036,-78.877757,-78.877639,-78.877612,-78.877527,-78.876974,-78.875994,-78.874772,-78.874757,-78.874335,-78.873996,-78.873692,-78.872888,-78.872618,-78.872545,-78.872432,-78.872186,-78.871778,-78.871763,-78.871746,-78.871407,-78.870956,-78.870637,-78.870301,-78.869625,-78.869538,-78.869498,-78.869424,-78.8694,-78.869382,-78.869362,-78.868611,-78.868554,-78.868506,-78.868478,-78.867415,-78.866397,-78.865678,-78.865396,-78.864662,-78.86429,-78.863992,-78.863806,-78.863756,-78.863706,-78.863559,-78.863529,-78.863187,-78.863009,-78.862647,-78.862606,-78.862577,-78.862531,-78.862491,-78.862481,-78.862471,-78.862461,-78.862318,-78.862251,-78.862242,-78.862128,-78.861884,-78.861294,-78.860759,-78.860337,-78.86002,-78.859832,-78.859382,-78.859249,-78.859147,-78.859097,-78.858606,-78.858326,-78.858276,-78.858104,-78.857955,-78.857901,-78.85789,-78.857882,-78.857903,-78.857908,-78.857912,-78.857928,-78.857851,-78.857848,-78.857834,-78.857825,-78.857785,-78.857796,-78.857783,-78.857721,-78.857692,-78.857668,-78.857665,-78.857656,-78.857649,-78.857638,-78.85755,-78.857513,-78.857503,-78.857499,-78.857495,-78.857456,-78.857438,-78.857432,-78.85709,-78.856865,-78.85664,-78.856434,-78.856246,-78.855726,-78.85519,-78.854668,-78.854641,-78.854607,-78.854539,-78.854477,-78.854384,-78.854106,-78.853331,-78.85279,-78.852035,-78.851249,-78.85033,-78.849705,-78.849141,-78.848637,-78.848205,-78.847978,-78.847547,-78.847065,-78.846359,-78.845858,-78.845193,-78.844148,-78.843605,-78.843359,-78.843123,-78.842957,-78.842364,-78.84216,-78.841698,-78.841317,-78.841089,-78.840688,-78.84038,-78.839764,-78.839048,-78.838874,-78.834563,-78.834176,-78.83408,-78.83371,-78.833706,-78.833692,-78.833657,-78.833434,-78.833277,-78.832958,-78.832842,-78.832802,-78.832779,-78.832472,-78.831778,-78.831724,-78.831178,-78.831014,-78.830645,-78.830574,-78.83046,-78.830126,-78.830075,-78.829735,-78.829358,-78.82928,-78.828709,-78.828065,-78.826249,-78.825856,-78.824622,-78.82384,-78.823497,-78.823314,-78.822961,-78.822847,-78.822704,-78.822274,-78.821918,-78.821825,-78.82134,-78.820842,-78.820663,-78.820125,-78.820027,-78.819907,-78.819807,-78.819775,-78.819709,-78.819394,-78.818174,-78.81727,-78.816796,-78.815754,-78.814044,-78.813113,-78.812897,-78.810157,-78.808825,-78.808274,-78.807185,-78.807041,-78.806922,-78.806325,-78.806148,-78.805852,-78.80559,-78.803846,-78.803022,-78.802415,-78.8014,-78.800106,-78.799405,-78.798615,-78.79774,-78.794485,-78.794285,-78.792317,-78.788575,-78.787283,-78.78668,-78.786012,-78.785451,-78.785194,-78.785031,-78.782193,-78.78208,-78.781954,-78.781531,-78.780182,-78.779983,-78.778341,-78.778036,-78.777108,-78.776345,-78.770709,-78.768752,-78.767914,-78.7655,-78.765424,-78.763039,-78.761758,-78.760379,-78.760272,-78.76014,-78.759765,-78.759561,-78.759276,-78.759093,-78.758457,-78.757272,-78.756977,-78.756077,-78.755398,-78.753516,-78.751173,-78.751059,-78.750355,-78.749277,-78.749207,-78.748147,-78.742418,-78.742067,-78.741335,-78.741237,-78.740231,-78.740025,-78.738945,-78.737817,-78.734107,-78.73395,-78.732585,-78.732553,-78.732514,-78.732467,-78.732442,-78.73223,-78.732117,-78.732716,-78.733042,-78.733562,-78.733874,-78.734529,-78.735435,-78.736186,-78.73657,-78.73708,-78.737429,-78.737733,-78.738094,-78.738411,-78.738655,-78.73895,-78.739176,-78.739434,-78.739675,-78.739901,-78.740453,-78.740668,-78.740705,-78.740963,-78.741254,-78.741291,-78.741503,-78.741896,-78.742294,-78.742337,-78.742639,-78.742954,-78.743416,-78.743761,-78.744246,-78.744673,-78.744986,-78.7456,-78.745985,-78.746473,-78.746537,-78.747045,-78.748053,-78.748624,-78.748998,-78.749369,-78.74973,-78.750081,-78.750504,-78.750789,-78.751134,-78.751401,-78.75166,-78.752046,-78.752739,-78.753217,-78.753364,-78.753673,-78.753945,-78.754377,-78.754769,-78.755244,-78.755862,-78.756115,-78.756546,-78.756986,-78.757154,-78.758071,-78.758276,-78.758781,-78.759118,-78.759535,-78.7597,-78.75996,-78.760298,-78.760903,-78.761663,-78.765119,-78.76637,-78.767015,-78.768162,-78.768859,-78.769991,-78.770651,-78.771161,-78.772128,-78.772981,-78.773282,-78.773448,-78.773628,-78.773646,-78.774632,-78.775647,-78.776444,-78.777066,-78.777773,-78.778415,-78.778484,-78.779989,-78.780494,-78.782216,-78.784589,-78.784941,-78.785267,-78.785644,-78.785994,-78.786295,-78.78636,-78.786677,-78.787056,-78.787324,-78.787653,-78.788106,-78.788395,-78.788681,-78.789014,-78.789287,-78.789604,-78.78988,-78.79016,-78.790444,-78.790713,-78.791137,-78.791688,-78.792238,-78.792722,-78.792933,-78.793125,-78.793467,-78.793805,-78.794027,-78.794354,-78.79462,-78.794879,-78.795129,-78.79536,-78.795579,-78.795771,-78.796086,-78.796949,-78.797198,-78.797459,-78.797729,-78.798051,-78.798306,-78.798479,-78.798785,-78.799034,-78.799411,-78.799728,-78.799993,-78.800234,-78.800253,-78.800286,-78.800308,-78.800317,-78.80036,-78.800416,-78.800504,-78.800618,-78.800875,-78.800992,-78.80115,-78.801282,-78.801467,-78.801576,-78.801656,-78.801687,-78.801708,-78.801725,-78.801726,-78.801707,-78.801704,-78.801723,-78.801759,-78.801847,-78.801907,-78.801952,-78.801981,-78.801993,-78.801987,-78.801958,-78.80193,-78.801878,-78.801801,-78.801788,-78.801799,-78.801833,-78.80189,-78.801919,-78.801967,-78.802088,-78.802154,-78.802191,-78.802258,-78.802324,-78.802354,-78.802359,-78.802345,-78.802288,-78.802293,-78.802316,-78.802343,-78.802385,-78.802412,-78.802484,-78.802574,-78.80271,-78.802854,-78.802903,-78.802973,-78.803076,-78.803168,-78.803248,-78.803323,-78.803382,-78.803412,-78.803424,-78.803418,-78.803394,-78.803308,-78.803268,-78.803255,-78.803259,-78.803283,-78.803315,-78.803388,-78.803412,-78.803429,-78.80345,-78.803482,-78.803518,-78.803556,-78.803614,-78.803652,-78.803671,-78.803671,-78.803652,-78.803652,-78.803642,-78.803644,-78.803663,-78.803703,-78.803877,-78.804199,-78.804297,-78.8044,-78.80456,-78.804883,-78.804945,-78.805048,-78.805143,-78.805237,-78.805406,-78.805771,-78.805939,-78.806158,-78.80626,-78.806436,-78.806619,-78.806986,-78.80732,-78.807539,-78.807652,-78.807765,-78.807903,-78.808156,-78.808394,-78.808624,-78.808732,-78.808884,-78.809023,-78.809197,-78.809347,-78.809545,-78.809713,-78.810035,-78.810313,-78.810426,-78.810603,-78.810759,-78.811024,-78.811195,-78.811602,-78.81182,-78.812145,-78.812148,-78.812172,-78.812205,-78.812264,-78.812325,-78.812446,-78.812551,-78.812647,-78.81281,-78.812963,-78.813244,-78.813495,-78.813821,-78.814439,-78.815462,-78.815623,-78.816232,-78.816282,-78.816536,-78.816948,-78.817383,-78.817841,-78.818082,-78.818281,-78.818465,-78.818647,-78.818794,-78.818918,-78.819054,-78.81919,-78.819333,-78.819627,-78.819828,-78.819931,-78.820438,-78.820518,-78.820829,-78.820928,-78.821054,-78.821154,-78.822797,-78.822915,-78.823037,-78.823555,-78.823691,-78.823783,-78.823873,-78.823931,-78.824003,-78.824105,-78.824215,-78.824299,-78.8244,-78.824485,-78.824542,-78.824597,-78.82461,-78.824621,-78.82461,-78.824554,-78.824545,-78.824555,-78.824583,-78.824618,-78.824662,-78.82472,-78.824789,-78.824851,-78.82492,-78.824993,-78.82514,-78.825341,-78.825518,-78.825635,-78.825749,-78.826003,-78.826312,-78.826496,-78.827054,-78.827292,-78.827656,-78.827893,-78.828274,-78.828665,-78.828804,-78.828961,-78.829085,-78.829203,-78.829315,-78.82953,-78.829671,-78.829802,-78.829877,-78.829957,-78.829997,-78.830051,-78.830084,-78.830132,-78.830141,-78.830168,-78.830173,-78.830165,-78.830127,-78.830128,-78.830148,-78.830171,-78.830206,-78.83024,-78.830264,-78.830274,-78.830373,-78.830506,-78.830595,-78.830694,-78.830793,-78.830904,-78.830979,-78.831072,-78.83115,-78.831251,-78.831389,-78.831525,-78.831593,-78.831947,-78.832066,-78.832148,-78.832206,-78.832256,-78.832305,-78.832332,-78.832377,-78.832421,-78.832479,-78.832539,-78.832613,-78.832699,-78.832794,-78.832894,-78.832959,-78.833038,-78.833277,-78.833387,-78.833526,-78.833644,-78.833727,-78.833826,-78.833917,-78.833997,-78.83414,-78.834414,-78.834594,-78.834796,-78.834952,-78.834973,-78.835036,-78.835112,-78.835199,-78.835313,-78.8354,-78.835538,-78.8357,-78.835831,-78.835967,-78.836128,-78.836278,-78.836513,-78.836875,-78.836994,-78.837151,-78.837315,-78.837466,-78.837619,-78.837772,-78.838664,-78.83876,-78.839229,-78.839899,-78.840491,-78.84116,-78.841579,-78.841698,-78.842087,-78.842337,-78.842471,-78.842678,-78.844197,-78.844368,-78.8445,-78.8447,-78.844894,-78.84508,-78.845254,-78.845408,-78.845551,-78.845655,-78.845959,-78.846179,-78.846338,-78.846479,-78.846665,-78.846832,-78.846872,-78.84695,-78.847041,-78.847117,-78.847219,-78.847326,-78.847414,-78.847524,-78.847611,-78.847718,-78.847797,-78.847868,-78.847945,-78.84811,-78.848224,-78.848338,-78.848465,-78.848603,-78.84878,-78.849009,-78.849241,-78.849537,-78.849792,-78.850048,-78.850221,-78.850436,-78.85069,-78.850896,-78.851203,-78.851441,-78.851896,-78.852216,-78.852418,-78.85265,-78.852806,-78.853449,-78.854087,-78.85496,-78.85537,-78.855633,-78.856173,-78.856811,-78.857437,-78.857744,-78.857798,-78.857908,-78.85805,-78.858483,-78.860102,-78.860652,-78.860908,-78.861588,-78.863036,-78.863876,-78.863963,-78.864091,-78.86419,-78.864281,-78.864352,-78.864429,-78.864491,-78.864637,-78.864665,-78.864715,-78.864765,-78.864807,-78.864893,-78.865323,-78.866011,-78.866392,-78.86647,-78.866531,-78.866667,-78.866681,-78.86673,-78.866919,-78.866982,-78.867054,-78.867255,-78.867288,-78.867302,-78.867407,-78.867705,-78.867903,-78.867962,-78.868234,-78.868362,-78.868399,-78.868412,-78.868421,-78.868414,-78.868385,-78.868195,-78.868084,-78.868021,-78.867944,-78.867855,-78.867247,-78.867212,-78.867148,-78.867083,-78.867043,-78.867007,-78.866965,-78.866936,-78.866948,-78.866972,-78.867004,-78.867103,-78.867285,-78.86731,-78.867338,-78.867369,-78.867392,-78.867408,-78.867476,-78.867549,-78.867654,-78.867968,-78.868085,-78.868479,-78.869142,-78.869645,-78.870223,-78.870273,-78.870401,-78.870444,-78.870546,-78.870576,-78.870582,-78.870574,-78.870569,-78.870541,-78.870457,-78.87045,-78.870362,-78.870345,-78.870314,-78.870282,-78.870268,-78.870272,-78.870289,-78.870324,-78.870375,-78.870466,-78.870998,-78.871959,-78.873444,-78.873244,-78.872692,-78.87221,-78.871186,-78.870462,-78.87021,-78.869651,-78.869111,-78.868872,-78.867506,-78.866869,-78.866447,-78.866181,-78.865617,-78.864937,-78.864729,-78.864672,-78.864068,-78.863418,-78.86297,-78.862782,-78.862407,-78.862259,-78.861277,-78.860503,-78.860216,-78.859736,-78.859501,-78.859434,-78.859195,-78.85916,-78.858828,-78.858603,-78.858217,-78.85806,-78.857922,-78.857913,-78.857815,-78.857394,-78.857133,-78.856937,-78.856849,-78.856722,-78.856639,-78.856137,-78.85608,-78.855567,-78.855483,-78.854896,-78.853482,-78.852345,-78.851758,-78.850949,-78.850466,-78.849273,-78.849213,-78.8487,-78.847597,-78.846829,-78.845625,-78.845531,-78.84496,-78.844143,-78.843637,-78.843049,-78.842857,-78.842524,-78.841645,-78.841408,-78.841186,-78.840981,-78.840904,-78.840678,-78.840177,-78.840025,-78.839768,-78.839615,-78.839518,-78.839479,-78.839376,-78.839362,-78.83932,-78.839228,-78.839106,-78.839025,-78.838941,-78.838902,-78.838887,-78.838748,-78.838637,-78.838527,-78.838468,-78.838432,-78.838402,-78.838292,-78.838211,-78.838092,-78.838088,-78.838055,-78.838075,-78.838115,-78.838332,-78.838439,-78.838506,-78.838557,-78.83859,-78.838655,-78.838755,-78.838871,-78.838976,-78.839015,-78.839243,-78.839483,-78.839583,-78.839633,-78.839841,-78.840008,-78.84016,-78.840295,-78.840392,-78.840456,-78.840547,-78.840622,-78.840721,-78.84085,-78.840886,-78.840902,-78.84089,-78.840861,-78.840814,-78.8407,-78.840611,-78.840532,-78.840416,-78.840235,-78.84001,-78.83989,-78.839781,-78.839757,-78.839385,-78.839325,-78.839154,-78.839032,-78.838801,-78.838609,-78.838501,-78.838332,-78.838147,-78.838012,-78.837698,-78.8372,-78.836947,-78.836772,-78.836432,-78.836359,-78.836183,-78.836019,-78.835867,-78.835754,-78.835463,-78.835344,-78.835241,-78.83514,-78.835075,-78.835015,-78.834982,-78.834967,-78.834975,-78.835001,-78.835044,-78.835193,-78.835308,-78.835473,-78.835522,-78.835557,-78.835567,-78.835559,-78.835541,-78.83551,-78.835332,-78.83527,-78.835256,-78.835213,-78.835139,-78.835089,-78.835041,-78.834962,-78.83485,-78.83469,-78.834414,-78.833687,-78.833644,-78.83338,-78.83316,-78.833008,-78.832832,-78.832686,-78.832597,-78.832496,-78.832403,-78.832325,-78.832277,-78.832189,-78.832175,-78.832175,-78.832189,-78.832223,-78.832243,-78.832314,-78.832492,-78.832665,-78.832753,-78.832859,-78.832907,-78.83319,-78.833366,-78.833765,-78.834502,-78.834678,-78.834854,-78.834982,-78.835068,-78.83514,-78.835194,-78.835231,-78.835254,-78.835255,-78.835238,-78.835203,-78.835082,-78.835017,-78.834986,-78.834948,-78.834756,-78.834651,-78.834628,-78.834623,-78.834634,-78.834665,-78.834762,-78.834862,-78.834927,-78.834992,-78.835068,-78.835212,-78.835394,-78.836629,-78.837175,-78.83728,-78.837508,-78.837686,-78.837913,-78.838238,-78.838453,-78.838743,-78.83889,-78.839015,-78.839123,-78.839214,-78.839283,-78.839324,-78.839336,-78.839357,-78.839358,-78.839345,-78.839187,-78.839274,-78.839356,-78.83943,-78.839543,-78.839645,-78.839827,-78.840018,-78.840904,-78.841102,-78.84139,-78.84199,-78.842583,-78.843306,-78.843752,-78.844677,-78.845224,-78.845414,-78.845543,-78.84561,-78.845726,-78.845811,-78.845859,-78.845928,-78.84595,-78.846033,-78.84611,-78.846211,-78.846411,-78.846696,-78.846829,-78.846968,-78.84714,-78.847807,-78.847892,-78.847992,-78.848085,-78.848158,-78.848286,-78.848364,-78.848487,-78.848669,-78.848769,-78.849013,-78.849063,-78.849153,-78.849202,-78.849373,-78.849528,-78.849721,-78.849785,-78.849976,-78.850076,-78.850192,-78.850437,-78.85064,-78.850732,-78.850873,-78.850998,-78.851116,-78.85119,-78.851544,-78.85168,-78.851802,-78.851891,-78.851944,-78.852131,-78.852257,-78.852442,-78.852539,-78.852644,-78.852753,-78.852864,-78.852963,-78.853124,-78.853249,-78.853766,-78.85389,-78.85404,-78.854184,-78.854319,-78.854477,-78.854662,-78.854881,-78.855132,-78.855378,-78.855481,-78.855583,-78.855682,-78.855774,-78.85598,-78.856262,-78.856365,-78.856443,-78.856543,-78.856694,-78.856789,-78.856905,-78.857037,-78.85725,-78.857592,-78.857941,-78.858308,-78.858504,-78.858723,-78.858936,-78.859066,-78.859254,-78.859641,-78.859943,-78.859996,-78.860135,-78.86028,-78.86043,-78.860583,-78.861357,-78.86142,-78.861581,-78.861744,-78.861925,-78.862167,-78.862413,-78.862603,-78.862739,-78.863402,-78.863975,-78.864543,-78.864974,-78.865199,-78.865419,-78.865657,-78.865955,-78.86608,-78.866209,-78.866289,-78.866422,-78.866616,-78.866684,-78.866792,-78.867252,-78.867411,-78.867772,-78.867966,-78.868417,-78.869,-78.869194,-78.869305,-78.869458,-78.869548,-78.869797,-78.869908,-78.87047,-78.870599,-78.870838,-78.87099,-78.871288,-78.871406,-78.871545,-78.871614,-78.871704,-78.872224,-78.87264,-78.87352,-78.873562,-78.873638,-78.873825,-78.873957,-78.874061,-78.874228,-78.874744,-78.875362,-78.876146,-78.876368,-78.876563,-78.87684,-78.877083,-78.877222,-78.877326,-78.877375,-78.877382,-78.877306,-78.877202,-78.877146,-78.877223,-78.877209,-78.87705,-78.877001,-78.877008,-78.876939,-78.876967,-78.877057,-78.877231,-78.877425,-78.877439,-78.87737,-78.877391,-78.877433,-78.877502,-78.877579,-78.877586,-78.87776,-78.877808,-78.877927,-78.87799,-78.878073,-78.87817,-78.878413,-78.87867,-78.878878,-78.879031,-78.879205,-78.879642,-78.879871,-78.88001,-78.880051,-78.880024,-78.879989,-78.879975,-78.879996,-78.880059,-78.88017,-78.880357,-78.880579,-78.880912,-78.881017,-78.881058,-78.881156,-78.881315,-78.881558,-78.88187,-78.882044,-78.882252,-78.882391,-78.88246,-78.882599,-78.883009,-78.883113,-78.88321,-78.883314,-78.883433,-78.883516,-78.883703,-78.883773,-78.883801,-78.883856,-78.88396,-78.884134,-78.884286,-78.884411,-78.884793,-78.884897,-78.885036,-78.885161,-78.885355,-78.885445,-78.885563,-78.885716,-78.886056,-78.886618,-78.886881,-78.88711,-78.887374,-78.887471,-78.887554,-78.887679,-78.888172,-78.888442,-78.888664,-78.889358,-78.889524,-78.889698,-78.890163,-78.890433,-78.89069,-78.89094,-78.891175,-78.891335,-78.891807,-78.892438,-78.892722,-78.892889,-78.893257,-78.893409,-78.901923,-78.901646,-78.901314,-78.901123,-78.901065,-78.901109,-78.901141,-78.901359,-78.901486,-78.901646,-78.902035,-78.902161,-78.902345,-78.902435,-78.902457,-78.902423,-78.902406,-78.902372,-78.902336,-78.902245,-78.902083,-78.902006,-78.901957,-78.901745,-78.901703,-78.901637,-78.901246,-78.900901,-78.90076,-78.900699,-78.900548,-78.90053,-78.900515,-78.900492,-78.900556,-78.900578,-78.900601,-78.900274,-78.899888,-78.899615,-78.899484,-78.899435,-78.899436,-78.899469,-78.899644,-78.899901,-78.899944,-78.899997,-78.900026,-78.900006,-78.899936,-78.899863,-78.899645,-78.899361,-78.899045,-78.898773,-78.898675,-78.898541,-78.898421,-78.898102,-78.897889,-78.897564,-78.896994,-78.896955,-78.896845,-78.89674,-78.896603,-78.89645,-78.896334,-78.896236,-78.896243,-78.896239,-78.896205,-78.896165,-78.896145,-78.896105,-78.896014,-78.895898,-78.895745,-78.89558,-78.895339,-78.894992,-78.89483,-78.894688,-78.894542,-78.894446,-78.894396,-78.894286,-78.894256,-78.894248,-78.894239,-78.894209,-78.894139,-78.893867,-78.893585,-78.893304,-78.893008,-78.892776,-78.892585,-78.892588,-78.89261,-78.892816,-78.893033,-78.893228,-78.893345,-78.893446,-78.893455,-78.893478,-78.893611,-78.893845,-78.89417,-78.894312,-78.89549,-78.895881,-78.896824,-78.897674,-78.898634,-78.899412,-78.900107,-78.900459,-78.900476,-78.900492,-78.900729,-78.900768,-78.900842,-78.901571,-78.902064,-78.902187,-78.902395,-78.90276,-78.903044,-78.903309,-78.903542,-78.903633,-78.903806,-78.904045,-78.904177,-78.904288,-78.904422,-78.904571,-78.90499,-78.905245,-78.905704,-78.905989,-78.906437,-78.906692,-78.906915,-78.907149,-78.907445,-78.907566,-78.907699,-78.907802,-78.907875,-78.907927,-78.907978,-78.90797],"lat":[37.976982,37.977307,37.977675,37.978113,37.978818,37.978963,37.979165,37.979325,37.979562,37.979804,37.980055,37.980184,37.980354,37.980621,37.981047,37.981109,37.981195,37.981243,37.98129,37.981338,37.981442,37.981584,37.981609,37.981639,37.98167,37.981697,37.981765,37.981775,37.981966,37.982019,37.982127,37.982154,37.982243,37.982338,37.982559,37.982742,37.982931,37.983438,37.983981,37.984211,37.984322,37.98444,37.98445,37.98448,37.984515,37.984574,37.984668,37.984768,37.984833,37.984942,37.984951,37.984986,37.985109,37.985895,37.986418,37.986429,37.986787,37.986894,37.987043,37.987219,37.987538,37.98771,37.987837,37.988249,37.988325,37.988533,37.988618,37.988624,37.988636,37.988657,37.988818,37.988942,37.988999,37.989035,37.989239,37.989366,37.989531,37.989686,37.989899,37.989959,37.990152,37.99024,37.990336,37.990547,37.990774,37.991049,37.991316,37.991519,37.991753,37.991996,37.992252,37.992273,37.992393,37.992563,37.992741,37.992895,37.993024,37.993173,37.993297,37.993502,37.993682,37.993951,37.994101,37.994259,37.994572,37.994888,37.99501,37.995222,37.995345,37.995387,37.995355,37.995288,37.995266,37.995222,37.9951,37.99505,37.994948,37.994885,37.994853,37.994804,37.994741,37.994621,37.994589,37.994574,37.994546,37.994527,37.994488,37.994506,37.994526,37.994588,37.994646,37.994747,37.994809,37.994883,37.995045,37.995354,37.995807,37.996018,37.996164,37.99631,37.996463,37.99655,37.996621,37.996664,37.996791,37.996899,37.996921,37.996969,37.997237,37.997256,37.997289,37.997305,37.997413,37.997507,37.99766,37.997791,37.998083,37.998102,37.998236,37.998268,37.998296,37.998336,37.998376,37.998394,37.998957,37.998969,37.999011,37.999036,37.999047,37.999576,37.999644,37.99999,38.000048,38.000142,38.000605,38.000889,38.001473,38.001869,38.002289,38.003153,38.003206,38.003335,38.003447,38.003879,38.003934,38.004007,38.00404,38.004074,38.004083,38.004456,38.004507,38.005222,38.005412,38.005466,38.005478,38.005541,38.005762,38.005792,38.006431,38.006443,38.006622,38.006753,38.006761,38.008,38.008688,38.008699,38.009239,38.009372,38.00998,38.010073,38.010436,38.010478,38.010491,38.010504,38.010542,38.010755,38.011142,38.011158,38.01118,38.01124,38.011949,38.012328,38.012771,38.012979,38.013031,38.013191,38.013445,38.013522,38.01392,38.014201,38.014238,38.014257,38.014279,38.014289,38.014323,38.014383,38.014468,38.014502,38.014596,38.014656,38.014714,38.014846,38.015402,38.016385,38.016957,38.017492,38.018176,38.018589,38.018897,38.019319,38.019814,38.020062,38.020305,38.020749,38.021082,38.021632,38.022415,38.023141,38.02331,38.024124,38.024998,38.026091,38.027479,38.027497,38.028039,38.028347,38.028624,38.029048,38.029063,38.029067,38.029073,38.029086,38.028866,38.028858,38.028849,38.028666,38.028319,38.028204,38.028082,38.02796,38.02797,38.027975,38.027984,38.027987,38.027989,38.027991,38.02808,38.028087,38.028092,38.0281,38.028386,38.028631,38.028653,38.028607,38.028494,38.028318,38.028168,38.028022,38.027982,38.027943,38.027827,38.027825,38.0278,38.027851,38.027955,38.02801,38.028049,38.02811,38.02817,38.028184,38.028198,38.028212,38.028419,38.028475,38.028483,38.028578,38.028731,38.028783,38.028574,38.028473,38.028472,38.028471,38.028799,38.028899,38.028983,38.029023,38.029197,38.029374,38.029387,38.029432,38.029704,38.029803,38.030034,38.030203,38.030305,38.030329,38.03035,38.030426,38.030559,38.030579,38.030674,38.030734,38.03099,38.031175,38.03122,38.031411,38.031586,38.031676,38.031687,38.031721,38.031745,38.031945,38.032122,38.032269,38.032386,38.032412,38.032446,38.03263,38.032674,38.032689,38.033232,38.033504,38.033695,38.034103,38.034572,38.035201,38.03579,38.036239,38.036259,38.036284,38.036335,38.036382,38.036452,38.036661,38.03702,38.037235,38.037385,38.037558,38.037788,38.03818,38.038727,38.03941,38.039973,38.040287,38.040696,38.04109,38.041514,38.041773,38.042081,38.042794,38.043179,38.043372,38.043661,38.043999,38.04423,38.044359,38.044833,38.045371,38.045822,38.046289,38.046618,38.046987,38.047295,38.04737,38.040098,38.039449,38.039288,38.038664,38.038655,38.038633,38.038581,38.038191,38.037918,38.037361,38.037143,38.037074,38.037037,38.036512,38.035298,38.035204,38.03425,38.033916,38.033182,38.033028,38.03282,38.032211,38.032098,38.031478,38.030809,38.03067,38.029655,38.02851,38.025438,38.024774,38.022747,38.021576,38.021003,38.020696,38.020103,38.019913,38.019674,38.018953,38.018321,38.018151,38.017286,38.016159,38.015754,38.014625,38.014457,38.01425,38.014078,38.014023,38.013908,38.013367,38.011257,38.009675,38.008825,38.00695,38.004075,38.002484,38.002094,37.997237,37.994937,37.994013,37.992186,37.991942,37.99174,37.990712,37.990395,37.989897,37.989444,37.986532,37.985262,37.984247,37.982628,37.980553,37.97943,37.978167,37.976768,37.971579,37.971253,37.968073,37.962021,37.959933,37.958944,37.957812,37.95686,37.956425,37.956149,37.951337,37.951146,37.950932,37.950214,37.947929,37.947593,37.944812,37.944293,37.942722,37.941428,37.931869,37.92855,37.927129,37.923034,37.922906,37.91886,37.916686,37.914346,37.914165,37.913941,37.913307,37.912959,37.912477,37.912165,37.911083,37.90904,37.90853,37.906977,37.905806,37.902557,37.898513,37.898316,37.897098,37.895241,37.895124,37.893295,37.883404,37.882798,37.881535,37.881366,37.879628,37.87927,37.877422,37.875491,37.869139,37.868869,37.866116,37.866051,37.865973,37.865879,37.865829,37.865402,37.865174,37.86487,37.864704,37.864427,37.864271,37.863942,37.86348,37.863088,37.862893,37.862638,37.862445,37.862262,37.862025,37.861795,37.861604,37.861357,37.861151,37.860902,37.860647,37.860385,37.85968,37.859398,37.859351,37.859027,37.858686,37.858648,37.85843,37.858045,37.85768,37.85764,37.857387,37.857145,37.856817,37.856591,37.856299,37.856064,37.855911,37.855635,37.855474,37.855285,37.855262,37.85508,37.854743,37.854531,37.85438,37.854207,37.854021,37.853824,37.853564,37.853376,37.853132,37.852929,37.852719,37.852374,37.851715,37.851259,37.851127,37.850873,37.850672,37.85038,37.85013,37.849843,37.849458,37.849306,37.849062,37.848829,37.848747,37.848301,37.848201,37.847967,37.847819,37.847656,37.847596,37.847506,37.847402,37.847224,37.84701,37.846012,37.845658,37.845472,37.845142,37.844941,37.844616,37.844441,37.844316,37.844091,37.843912,37.843855,37.843824,37.843789,37.843786,37.843601,37.843402,37.84325,37.843144,37.843042,37.842963,37.842954,37.842825,37.842791,37.842664,37.84249,37.842474,37.842472,37.842484,37.84251,37.842546,37.842556,37.842606,37.84268,37.842748,37.842845,37.843,37.843111,37.84323,37.843357,37.843449,37.843542,37.843607,37.843657,37.843693,37.843712,37.843731,37.843732,37.84372,37.843723,37.843732,37.84374,37.843774,37.843828,37.843875,37.843962,37.844048,37.844147,37.844259,37.844379,37.844506,37.84463,37.844834,37.845434,37.845583,37.84572,37.845844,37.845973,37.846061,37.846109,37.846179,37.846225,37.846279,37.846308,37.846321,37.846324,37.846519,37.846747,37.846826,37.846853,37.846956,37.847056,37.847158,37.847268,37.847469,37.847572,37.847737,37.847909,37.848167,37.848339,37.848484,37.848562,37.848642,37.848781,37.848931,37.84911,37.849364,37.84946,37.849552,37.849732,37.849899,37.850079,37.850274,37.850471,37.850668,37.850949,37.85111,37.85131,37.851544,37.851643,37.85182,37.852173,37.852527,37.852634,37.852762,37.853051,37.85323,37.853356,37.853636,37.853989,37.854209,37.854396,37.854582,37.85491,37.854991,37.85507,37.855117,37.855167,37.855199,37.855261,37.85532,37.855386,37.85544,37.855455,37.85548,37.855532,37.855594,37.855667,37.855766,37.855901,37.856018,37.856136,37.856255,37.856373,37.856615,37.856793,37.856943,37.857087,37.857229,37.85734,37.857519,37.857626,37.857879,37.858012,37.858142,37.858249,37.858363,37.858505,37.858647,37.858791,37.858936,37.859375,37.859702,37.860033,37.860221,37.860386,37.860565,37.860477,37.860331,37.860303,37.860289,37.860289,37.86027,37.860272,37.860287,37.860315,37.860358,37.860461,37.860719,37.860822,37.860941,37.860984,37.861043,37.861088,37.861155,37.8612,37.861219,37.861218,37.861208,37.861183,37.861109,37.861024,37.860926,37.860869,37.860771,37.860663,37.860503,37.860378,37.860229,37.860118,37.85996,37.859841,37.859798,37.859736,37.859696,37.859637,37.859607,37.859557,37.859537,37.859517,37.859729,37.859955,37.860117,37.86031,37.860462,37.860698,37.86087,37.861003,37.861193,37.861341,37.861584,37.861789,37.862037,37.862535,37.863331,37.863456,37.863941,37.86398,37.86417,37.864472,37.864823,37.865204,37.865415,37.865617,37.865827,37.86607,37.866293,37.866516,37.866787,37.867071,37.867386,37.868032,37.868434,37.868653,37.869801,37.87003,37.869963,37.869951,37.869949,37.869957,37.870279,37.870302,37.870327,37.870435,37.870447,37.870444,37.870435,37.870422,37.870405,37.870366,37.870303,37.870235,37.870122,37.870001,37.869899,37.869767,37.86972,37.869601,37.869502,37.869318,37.869228,37.869138,37.86905,37.868966,37.868905,37.868851,37.868808,37.868774,37.868752,37.868744,37.868746,37.868766,37.868772,37.868761,37.868736,37.868659,37.868584,37.868528,37.868321,37.868244,37.868144,37.868091,37.868016,37.867949,37.867916,37.867864,37.867813,37.867754,37.867687,37.867541,37.86743,37.867313,37.867226,37.86711,37.867038,37.866914,37.866814,37.866626,37.866569,37.866392,37.866254,37.866144,37.865927,37.865771,37.8656,37.865527,37.865458,37.865408,37.865355,37.865318,37.865134,37.864836,37.864673,37.864551,37.864458,37.864374,37.864333,37.864301,37.864286,37.86428,37.864293,37.864314,37.864329,37.864409,37.864453,37.864502,37.864548,37.8646,37.864672,37.864733,37.864925,37.865033,37.86513,37.865196,37.865253,37.865299,37.865332,37.865351,37.865351,37.865337,37.865247,37.865217,37.865199,37.865199,37.865216,37.86525,37.865296,37.865353,37.865502,37.865816,37.866047,37.866343,37.866602,37.866629,37.866691,37.866742,37.866781,37.866811,37.866819,37.866814,37.86679,37.866755,37.866696,37.86661,37.866513,37.866369,37.866156,37.866094,37.866029,37.865977,37.865952,37.865942,37.865946,37.86605,37.866061,37.866106,37.866148,37.86619,37.866226,37.866234,37.866233,37.866227,37.866235,37.866251,37.866292,37.866707,37.866748,37.866779,37.866837,37.866909,37.866992,37.867089,37.867203,37.867326,37.867431,37.867799,37.868042,37.868199,37.868321,37.868464,37.868577,37.868627,37.868703,37.868769,37.868808,37.868843,37.868863,37.868869,37.868864,37.868849,37.868802,37.868755,37.868701,37.868624,37.868403,37.868282,37.868193,37.868115,37.86805,37.867988,37.867924,37.867874,37.867829,37.867804,37.867794,37.867804,37.867828,37.867876,37.86793,37.868032,37.868099,37.868205,37.868295,37.868367,37.868464,37.868538,37.868865,37.869182,37.869629,37.869821,37.869922,37.870098,37.87025,37.870379,37.870436,37.870452,37.870476,37.870493,37.870504,37.870515,37.870497,37.870496,37.870492,37.87048,37.870507,37.870514,37.870541,37.870578,37.870627,37.870684,37.870776,37.870876,37.871221,37.871305,37.871407,37.871479,37.871535,37.87164,37.872057,37.87276,37.873186,37.87331,37.873441,37.873898,37.873933,37.874026,37.874236,37.874302,37.874392,37.874622,37.874671,37.874697,37.874982,37.875556,37.875916,37.876022,37.876458,37.876688,37.876784,37.876837,37.876949,37.877088,37.877243,37.877772,37.878008,37.878122,37.87823,37.878333,37.879084,37.879117,37.879188,37.879283,37.879364,37.879469,37.879717,37.879976,37.880123,37.880405,37.880496,37.880677,37.880958,37.881003,37.881082,37.881268,37.881608,37.881959,37.882176,37.882292,37.882431,37.882764,37.882867,37.883149,37.883583,37.883922,37.884406,37.884462,37.884636,37.884718,37.885054,37.885222,37.885336,37.885476,37.885533,37.88567,37.885916,37.885936,37.88612,37.88616,37.886233,37.886326,37.886423,37.886521,37.886624,37.886724,37.886819,37.886942,37.887539,37.888571,37.890126,37.890251,37.890609,37.890914,37.891546,37.891969,37.892116,37.892422,37.892734,37.892861,37.89359,37.89392,37.894149,37.894333,37.894722,37.895235,37.895397,37.895441,37.895908,37.896403,37.896745,37.896897,37.897198,37.897312,37.898071,37.89866,37.898888,37.89927,37.899482,37.899551,37.899802,37.899846,37.900264,37.900589,37.901117,37.901331,37.901518,37.901531,37.901642,37.902119,37.902371,37.902541,37.902606,37.902707,37.90278,37.903214,37.903262,37.903692,37.903763,37.904255,37.905439,37.906403,37.906903,37.907593,37.907994,37.90898,37.909031,37.909485,37.910411,37.911057,37.912085,37.91216,37.91262,37.913327,37.913751,37.914234,37.914416,37.914735,37.915592,37.915879,37.916175,37.916477,37.9166,37.916905,37.917587,37.917794,37.918215,37.918515,37.918728,37.91882,37.919092,37.91913,37.919255,37.919595,37.92033,37.921186,37.921928,37.92239,37.922575,37.923807,37.924499,37.925223,37.925618,37.925849,37.926038,37.92672,37.927218,37.928001,37.928058,37.928674,37.929002,37.929292,37.930531,37.93111,37.93145,37.93164,37.931743,37.931922,37.932151,37.932376,37.932552,37.932605,37.9329,37.933181,37.933291,37.933337,37.933542,37.933732,37.933929,37.934134,37.934303,37.934446,37.9347,37.934958,37.935386,37.936074,37.936343,37.936615,37.937033,37.937279,37.937519,37.937978,37.938231,37.938422,37.938657,37.938969,37.939311,37.939479,37.939642,37.939676,37.940207,37.940287,37.940546,37.940728,37.941065,37.941342,37.941498,37.94171,37.941913,37.942035,37.942307,37.942718,37.94291,37.943032,37.943249,37.943288,37.943392,37.943508,37.943633,37.94374,37.944064,37.944224,37.944392,37.9446,37.944779,37.945002,37.945193,37.945423,37.945615,37.945806,37.945991,37.946456,37.946788,37.947327,37.947536,37.947789,37.948001,37.948213,37.948383,37.948563,37.949488,37.949784,37.94987,37.950055,37.950274,37.950387,37.950486,37.950623,37.95079,37.950996,37.951298,37.952033,37.952077,37.952339,37.952571,37.95275,37.952979,37.953191,37.953339,37.953533,37.953741,37.953961,37.954136,37.954629,37.954787,37.955028,37.95522,37.955461,37.955569,37.955878,37.956556,37.957198,37.957471,37.95774,37.957834,37.958357,37.958662,37.959313,37.960555,37.960847,37.961154,37.961417,37.961622,37.961851,37.962084,37.962318,37.962604,37.962843,37.963083,37.963321,37.96399,37.964375,37.964541,37.96474,37.965756,37.966434,37.966708,37.966997,37.967244,37.967551,37.968113,37.968587,37.968812,37.96899,37.969165,37.969434,37.969764,37.971886,37.972842,37.973031,37.973459,37.97382,37.974305,37.975046,37.975538,37.976242,37.976641,37.977025,37.977417,37.977812,37.978199,37.978548,37.978687,37.979136,37.979535,37.979854,37.981684,37.981696,37.981722,37.98176,37.981845,37.981907,37.981987,37.98206,37.982344,37.982395,37.982458,37.982556,37.98264,37.982734,37.982799,37.982922,37.982994,37.983011,37.983034,37.983057,37.982865,37.982695,37.98261,37.982519,37.982493,37.982414,37.982358,37.9823,37.982205,37.982094,37.982054,37.982029,37.982015,37.981978,37.981961,37.981926,37.981877,37.981823,37.981688,37.981623,37.981534,37.981415,37.981344,37.981159,37.981109,37.981004,37.980922,37.980608,37.980343,37.980048,37.979948,37.979662,37.979538,37.979423,37.979226,37.979081,37.979007,37.978877,37.978737,37.978581,37.978468,37.977826,37.977547,37.977342,37.977229,37.977174,37.977015,37.976926,37.976812,37.976768,37.976739,37.976723,37.976722,37.97674,37.976779,37.976821,37.977036,37.977078,37.977114,37.977135,37.977141,37.977133,37.977103,37.977043,37.976983,37.976939,37.976934,37.976943,37.976967,37.977004,37.977126,37.977319,37.97737,37.977392,37.977405,37.977402,37.977391,37.977366,37.977323,37.977231,37.977098,37.976979,37.97687,37.976828,37.9768,37.976752,37.976708,37.976623,37.976432,37.976271,37.976247,37.976196,37.97616,37.976137,37.97613,37.97617,37.976182,37.976199,37.976202,37.976187,37.976155,37.976107,37.976059,37.976014,37.975811,37.975671,37.975517,37.975389,37.975308,37.975213,37.975083,37.974943,37.974905,37.97488,37.974872,37.97487,37.974886,37.974906,37.974966,37.974875,37.974886,37.974935,37.974952,37.974896,37.974753,37.974682,37.974627,37.974528,37.974457,37.974379,37.974319,37.97394,37.973866,37.973731,37.973627,37.973319,37.973138,37.972846,37.972731,37.972643,37.972209,37.97183,37.971107,37.971072,37.970934,37.97072,37.970621,37.970572,37.970544,37.970491,37.970184,37.969811,37.969756,37.969696,37.969619,37.969498,37.969378,37.969196,37.968993,37.968872,37.968735,37.968647,37.968515,37.968351,37.968186,37.968048,37.967845,37.967675,37.967543,37.9674,37.967241,37.967044,37.966791,37.966714,37.96656,37.966423,37.966236,37.966126,37.965956,37.965808,37.965402,37.965198,37.964161,37.963886,37.963721,37.963579,37.96337,37.963189,37.962986,37.96281,37.962662,37.962442,37.962349,37.962245,37.962141,37.962036,37.961965,37.961817,37.961635,37.961509,37.961399,37.961339,37.961284,37.961048,37.960927,37.960807,37.960609,37.960439,37.960291,37.960208,37.960126,37.960055,37.959923,37.959797,37.95966,37.959006,37.958863,37.9586,37.958539,37.958419,37.958271,37.958056,37.957919,37.957804,37.957721,37.957683,37.957694,37.957656,37.957579,37.957409,37.957343,37.9572,37.957173,37.957167,37.957129,37.957041,37.956981,37.956811,37.956608,37.956493,37.956476,37.956487,37.956443,37.95635,37.956301,37.956246,37.956197,37.956142,37.956071,37.956038,37.95595,37.955654,37.955577,37.955539,37.95555,37.955583,37.955566,37.955352,37.955204,37.955188,37.95515,37.954974,37.954947,37.95325,37.953698,37.954272,37.954636,37.955064,37.955629,37.955847,37.956452,37.956625,37.956839,37.957225,37.95734,37.957538,37.957748,37.957806,37.957879,37.958047,37.958143,37.958233,37.958338,37.958532,37.958625,37.958687,37.958938,37.959055,37.95919,37.959472,37.959643,37.95974,37.959813,37.960048,37.960427,37.960547,37.960807,37.961315,37.961525,37.961607,37.961647,37.96177,37.961981,37.962175,37.962393,37.962579,37.962934,37.963264,37.96378,37.963858,37.963954,37.964183,37.964272,37.964361,37.964443,37.964538,37.964786,37.965038,37.965391,37.965687,37.965834,37.965965,37.966384,37.966661,37.967083,37.967864,37.967917,37.968078,37.968231,37.968426,37.968629,37.968766,37.968914,37.968975,37.969095,37.969251,37.96938,37.969442,37.969526,37.969639,37.969725,37.969838,37.970029,37.970158,37.970345,37.970443,37.970548,37.970742,37.970872,37.971018,37.971276,37.971446,37.971636,37.97185,37.972068,37.972213,37.972553,37.972942,37.973238,37.973517,37.973825,37.974278,37.97473,37.974964,37.975423,37.97581,37.976092,37.976338,37.976681,37.976804,37.976995,37.977148,37.977138,37.977114,37.977049,37.976811,37.976724,37.97653,37.976304,37.976124,37.975975,37.975782,37.975686,37.975681,37.975677,37.975613,37.975602,37.975583,37.975325,37.975152,37.97505,37.975036,37.974946,37.97488,37.974823,37.974788,37.974788,37.974804,37.974838,37.974891,37.974935,37.974989,37.975148,37.975445,37.975654,37.975871,37.97595,37.976038,37.976045,37.976024,37.976027,37.976038,37.976066,37.976211,37.976396,37.976557,37.976678,37.976783,37.976982]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.954613,-78.954376,-78.954173,-78.953739,-78.953264,-78.953188,-78.951494,-78.951258,-78.951135,-78.950947,-78.95051,-78.950231,-78.949677,-78.948952,-78.948832,-78.948789,-78.948734,-78.948641,-78.948069,-78.946748,-78.946281,-78.944947,-78.944481,-78.944158,-78.943554,-78.940952,-78.939604,-78.939255,-78.937621,-78.936692,-78.934008,-78.934067,-78.934178,-78.934481,-78.934599,-78.934717,-78.93491,-78.934958,-78.934965,-78.934896,-78.934882,-78.934917,-78.934896,-78.93473,-78.934613,-78.934558,-78.934551,-78.934572,-78.934551,-78.934502,-78.934426,-78.934205,-78.934157,-78.93406,-78.933984,-78.933646,-78.933535,-78.933459,-78.933265,-78.933176,-78.932941,-78.932775,-78.932298,-78.932132,-78.931828,-78.931648,-78.930805,-78.930605,-78.930529,-78.930487,-78.930453,-78.930473,-78.930612,-78.930625,-78.930619,-78.930591,-78.930529,-78.930397,-78.930225,-78.929312,-78.929153,-78.929084,-78.929043,-78.928953,-78.928925,-78.928877,-78.928787,-78.928725,-78.928642,-78.928393,-78.928227,-78.927675,-78.927426,-78.927357,-78.927281,-78.927212,-78.927094,-78.926741,-78.926707,-78.926679,-78.926672,-78.926769,-78.927059,-78.92713,-78.927197,-78.927197,-78.927301,-78.927141,-78.927107,-78.927072,-78.926913,-78.926713,-78.926257,-78.926056,-78.925807,-78.92578,-78.92569,-78.925627,-78.925546,-78.92551,-78.925454,-78.925399,-78.925178,-78.92504,-78.924742,-78.9245,-78.924203,-78.923961,-78.923595,-78.923408,-78.922952,-78.922772,-78.922703,-78.922516,-78.922254,-78.92215,-78.921894,-78.92177,-78.921625,-78.921203,-78.921141,-78.921078,-78.920933,-78.920712,-78.920159,-78.920083,-78.919972,-78.919834,-78.919772,-78.919557,-78.919454,-78.919357,-78.91935,-78.919412,-78.919412,-78.919363,-78.919301,-78.919218,-78.919059,-78.918582,-78.918298,-78.918218,-78.918188,-78.918111,-78.918125,-78.918139,-78.918097,-78.918021,-78.917924,-78.917696,-78.917203,-78.91715,-78.91688,-78.916728,-78.916569,-78.916638,-78.916672,-78.916762,-78.916769,-78.91672,-78.916658,-78.916485,-78.916437,-78.916284,-78.91625,-78.916201,-78.916194,-78.91609,-78.916097,-78.916056,-78.915959,-78.915835,-78.915786,-78.915668,-78.915627,-78.915378,-78.915295,-78.915267,-78.915247,-78.915108,-78.915039,-78.914942,-78.914845,-78.914803,-78.914803,-78.914831,-78.914886,-78.914948,-78.91508,-78.915211,-78.915324,-78.915274,-78.914912,-78.91455,-78.914179,-78.913675,-78.912967,-78.910226,-78.90939,-78.908844,-78.908804,-78.90875,-78.908664,-78.908579,-78.908484,-78.908409,-78.908155,-78.907828,-78.907698,-78.907055,-78.906717,-78.906316,-78.905996,-78.905625,-78.905277,-78.904931,-78.90446,-78.904161,-78.903941,-78.903624,-78.903451,-78.901954,-78.90126,-78.901094,-78.900824,-78.900569,-78.9004,-78.900223,-78.900044,-78.899865,-78.899616,-78.899476,-78.899338,-78.899171,-78.899011,-78.89886,-78.898628,-78.896828,-78.896632,-78.896426,-78.896221,-78.896046,-78.895866,-78.895719,-78.895502,-78.895326,-78.89522,-78.895082,-78.894946,-78.894722,-78.894578,-78.893863,-78.893277,-78.892982,-78.892837,-78.892261,-78.891808,-78.890388,-78.88986,-78.889603,-78.889384,-78.888806,-78.888458,-78.888283,-78.887826,-78.887075,-78.885375,-78.884444,-78.883881,-78.882919,-78.881219,-78.877766,-78.877285,-78.877111,-78.876932,-78.876698,-78.876629,-78.876617,-78.876587,-78.876539,-78.876138,-78.875845,-78.875767,-78.875611,-78.875439,-78.875382,-78.875166,-78.874991,-78.87435,-78.874105,-78.873636,-78.873277,-78.87298,-78.872834,-78.872643,-78.872081,-78.871413,-78.871076,-78.870938,-78.870826,-78.870706,-78.870675,-78.870554,-78.870499,-78.870445,-78.870002,-78.869252,-78.868967,-78.868608,-78.868282,-78.867744,-78.866841,-78.866746,-78.866519,-78.866107,-78.865734,-78.865602,-78.865487,-78.865109,-78.864494,-78.864068,-78.86375,-78.862782,-78.862543,-78.861951,-78.861271,-78.860935,-78.860644,-78.860598,-78.86056,-78.860529,-78.860511,-78.860518,-78.860549,-78.860594,-78.860654,-78.861008,-78.861377,-78.861946,-78.862036,-78.862251,-78.862414,-78.862542,-78.862635,-78.862736,-78.862767,-78.862801,-78.862844,-78.862895,-78.862948,-78.863087,-78.863196,-78.863259,-78.863343,-78.863407,-78.863465,-78.863525,-78.863641,-78.86366,-78.863687,-78.863693,-78.8637,-78.863696,-78.863668,-78.863615,-78.863266,-78.863217,-78.863196,-78.863191,-78.863171,-78.863123,-78.863089,-78.863034,-78.86295,-78.862923,-78.862893,-78.862882,-78.86289,-78.86291,-78.862942,-78.862997,-78.863054,-78.863226,-78.863437,-78.863502,-78.863552,-78.863585,-78.863589,-78.863585,-78.863562,-78.86352,-78.863452,-78.863345,-78.86318,-78.863094,-78.862999,-78.862925,-78.862876,-78.862827,-78.862775,-78.862704,-78.862535,-78.862255,-78.862166,-78.862093,-78.861968,-78.861209,-78.860642,-78.860448,-78.860172,-78.859916,-78.859764,-78.85957,-78.859183,-78.859139,-78.858913,-78.858597,-78.858349,-78.858138,-78.857641,-78.857522,-78.857449,-78.857401,-78.857363,-78.857359,-78.857367,-78.857446,-78.857455,-78.857491,-78.857657,-78.857851,-78.858106,-78.858335,-78.858494,-78.858666,-78.858915,-78.859544,-78.859751,-78.859814,-78.85991,-78.860021,-78.860111,-78.860712,-78.860816,-78.861307,-78.861612,-78.861681,-78.861729,-78.861764,-78.86175,-78.861688,-78.861646,-78.861598,-78.861481,-78.86137,-78.861273,-78.861024,-78.860686,-78.860548,-78.860437,-78.860271,-78.860126,-78.85996,-78.859774,-78.859608,-78.859511,-78.859428,-78.859262,-78.859173,-78.859166,-78.85918,-78.859207,-78.859235,-78.859422,-78.859491,-78.859547,-78.859595,-78.859692,-78.859927,-78.860003,-78.860086,-78.86028,-78.860342,-78.860404,-78.860398,-78.860363,-78.860273,-78.859679,-78.858787,-78.858601,-78.858428,-78.858338,-78.858048,-78.85793,-78.857626,-78.857536,-78.857336,-78.857184,-78.856956,-78.856209,-78.85596,-78.855739,-78.85567,-78.855587,-78.855436,-78.855291,-78.855235,-78.854994,-78.854945,-78.854814,-78.854773,-78.854635,-78.854559,-78.854455,-78.854324,-78.85422,-78.854095,-78.854026,-78.853943,-78.853701,-78.853625,-78.853501,-78.853169,-78.8529,-78.852084,-78.851697,-78.851614,-78.851441,-78.851027,-78.850937,-78.850902,-78.850792,-78.850806,-78.850792,-78.850751,-78.850682,-78.85044,-78.850371,-78.85035,-78.850364,-78.850399,-78.850454,-78.850537,-78.850655,-78.851062,-78.851187,-78.851443,-78.851532,-78.851615,-78.851816,-78.85212,-78.85239,-78.852439,-78.852473,-78.852473,-78.852425,-78.852321,-78.852218,-78.852107,-78.851872,-78.851713,-78.851264,-78.851188,-78.851119,-78.850995,-78.850836,-78.850705,-78.850553,-78.850394,-78.850283,-78.849889,-78.849751,-78.84964,-78.84955,-78.849447,-78.849364,-78.849322,-78.849253,-78.849233,-78.849322,-78.849426,-78.849565,-78.849772,-78.849959,-78.850284,-78.850692,-78.8511,-78.851072,-78.851065,-78.850893,-78.850837,-78.850699,-78.850603,-78.850575,-78.850499,-78.850209,-78.85014,-78.850078,-78.849967,-78.849836,-78.849801,-78.849787,-78.849795,-78.849739,-78.849712,-78.849601,-78.849525,-78.849456,-78.84938,-78.849221,-78.848944,-78.848758,-78.847762,-78.84761,-78.847009,-78.846649,-78.846504,-78.846373,-78.846297,-78.846151,-78.845875,-78.845792,-78.845619,-78.845212,-78.845094,-78.844963,-78.844369,-78.84412,-78.843885,-78.84374,-78.843636,-78.843519,-78.843477,-78.843415,-78.843028,-78.842904,-78.842807,-78.84271,-78.842676,-78.842628,-78.842593,-78.842413,-78.842351,-78.84222,-78.842137,-78.841985,-78.841722,-78.841653,-78.84154,-78.84148,-78.841446,-78.84139,-78.841259,-78.841183,-78.840243,-78.840132,-78.839545,-78.839365,-78.839289,-78.83924,-78.839178,-78.839102,-78.839047,-78.838991,-78.838943,-78.838839,-78.838763,-78.838646,-78.83857,-78.838383,-78.838307,-78.838079,-78.83801,-78.837982,-78.837934,-78.837872,-78.837816,-78.837775,-78.837657,-78.837616,-78.837581,-78.837526,-78.837506,-78.83745,-78.837347,-78.837243,-78.837015,-78.836932,-78.836821,-78.836738,-78.836441,-78.836379,-78.836317,-78.83622,-78.835936,-78.835874,-78.835812,-78.835639,-78.83548,-78.83539,-78.835328,-78.835107,-78.835038,-78.834665,-78.834602,-78.834519,-78.834464,-78.834423,-78.834388,-78.83434,-78.834222,-78.834126,-78.833884,-78.833448,-78.83331,-78.833013,-78.832874,-78.832764,-78.832681,-78.83257,-78.832128,-78.831907,-78.831516,-78.831499,-78.831243,-78.830718,-78.830664,-78.830863,-78.831042,-78.831062,-78.831066,-78.831052,-78.831021,-78.830962,-78.830527,-78.830328,-78.830019,-78.829727,-78.829534,-78.829201,-78.828934,-78.828272,-78.827956,-78.827708,-78.827611,-78.827541,-78.827471,-78.827348,-78.827139,-78.826938,-78.82691,-78.826829,-78.826695,-78.82666,-78.826603,-78.826439,-78.826189,-78.825984,-78.825839,-78.825553,-78.825146,-78.825069,-78.824632,-78.82449,-78.824377,-78.824282,-78.824198,-78.824169,-78.824159,-78.824167,-78.824304,-78.824327,-78.82439,-78.824481,-78.824517,-78.824563,-78.824617,-78.824698,-78.824773,-78.824856,-78.824967,-78.825086,-78.82537,-78.825495,-78.825614,-78.825677,-78.825743,-78.825784,-78.825811,-78.825813,-78.825743,-78.825741,-78.825763,-78.825775,-78.825817,-78.825874,-78.825945,-78.826026,-78.826277,-78.82634,-78.826447,-78.826542,-78.826665,-78.826742,-78.826792,-78.826973,-78.827044,-78.827073,-78.827094,-78.827099,-78.827086,-78.827073,-78.827054,-78.827014,-78.826949,-78.826566,-78.826441,-78.826276,-78.826103,-78.825978,-78.825818,-78.825657,-78.825406,-78.825145,-78.82478,-78.824461,-78.823388,-78.823095,-78.822488,-78.822096,-78.822037,-78.821963,-78.821654,-78.820814,-78.819551,-78.819434,-78.81924,-78.818187,-78.816899,-78.816672,-78.81651,-78.816436,-78.816359,-78.816282,-78.816207,-78.815033,-78.814443,-78.814154,-78.813929,-78.813764,-78.813492,-78.813343,-78.812985,-78.812846,-78.812062,-78.811812,-78.811537,-78.811067,-78.810564,-78.81045,-78.810247,-78.810058,-78.809992,-78.809752,-78.809528,-78.809437,-78.809374,-78.809271,-78.809147,-78.809088,-78.808861,-78.808599,-78.808445,-78.808398,-78.808352,-78.806826,-78.806657,-78.80652,-78.806441,-78.806317,-78.806089,-78.805989,-78.80586,-78.805755,-78.805702,-78.805588,-78.805508,-78.805422,-78.805355,-78.805263,-78.805164,-78.805053,-78.804953,-78.804845,-78.804732,-78.804405,-78.804142,-78.804038,-78.803913,-78.803764,-78.803624,-78.803451,-78.803319,-78.80308,-78.802905,-78.802652,-78.80248,-78.802342,-78.802171,-78.801954,-78.801584,-78.800925,-78.800889,-78.800874,-78.800862,-78.800869,-78.800961,-78.801496,-78.801816,-78.80203,-78.802254,-78.802675,-78.802737,-78.802804,-78.802902,-78.802983,-78.803047,-78.803089,-78.803108,-78.803114,-78.803106,-78.803101,-78.803069,-78.803001,-78.802915,-78.80285,-78.802728,-78.802638,-78.802564,-78.802519,-78.80249,-78.802473,-78.802458,-78.802406,-78.802403,-78.802394,-78.802386,-78.802395,-78.802423,-78.802459,-78.802508,-78.802596,-78.802646,-78.802702,-78.802796,-78.802825,-78.802913,-78.802938,-78.803149,-78.803415,-78.803651,-78.803791,-78.80395,-78.804457,-78.804533,-78.804715,-78.804896,-78.804988,-78.805022,-78.805072,-78.805164,-78.805227,-78.80528,-78.805304,-78.805342,-78.805361,-78.805376,-78.805391,-78.805387,-78.805381,-78.805376,-78.805278,-78.805137,-78.805002,-78.804892,-78.804783,-78.80471,-78.804654,-78.804615,-78.8046,-78.804592,-78.804592,-78.804591,-78.804635,-78.804657,-78.804752,-78.804775,-78.804775,-78.804762,-78.804666,-78.804601,-78.804545,-78.804512,-78.804405,-78.804396,-78.804327,-78.804274,-78.803952,-78.803951,-78.803974,-78.804008,-78.803974,-78.803912,-78.803847,-78.803393,-78.803318,-78.80323,-78.803143,-78.803036,-78.801957,-78.801763,-78.801447,-78.801157,-78.801025,-78.800585,-78.800377,-78.800277,-78.800164,-78.799549,-78.799381,-78.799226,-78.799112,-78.798799,-78.798426,-78.798204,-78.797771,-78.797639,-78.797516,-78.797382,-78.797239,-78.797072,-78.796503,-78.796362,-78.796225,-78.796028,-78.795929,-78.79588,-78.795788,-78.795515,-78.795263,-78.795061,-78.794822,-78.794737,-78.794667,-78.794614,-78.794578,-78.794558,-78.794561,-78.794582,-78.79462,-78.794956,-78.794991,-78.794996,-78.794987,-78.794979,-78.794939,-78.794894,-78.794828,-78.794063,-78.793893,-78.79371,-78.793553,-78.793026,-78.792881,-78.792709,-78.79261,-78.792496,-78.792378,-78.792256,-78.792128,-78.79198,-78.791865,-78.791762,-78.791604,-78.79142,-78.791367,-78.791292,-78.791234,-78.791195,-78.791117,-78.791073,-78.791013,-78.790942,-78.790771,-78.790562,-78.790345,-78.790152,-78.789968,-78.789822,-78.789731,-78.78967,-78.789449,-78.789213,-78.789074,-78.788783,-78.788515,-78.788408,-78.788273,-78.788158,-78.787826,-78.78763,-78.787473,-78.787279,-78.787192,-78.787041,-78.786917,-78.786658,-78.786498,-78.786298,-78.786101,-78.78591,-78.785725,-78.785643,-78.785516,-78.785455,-78.785428,-78.785391,-78.78534,-78.785307,-78.785291,-78.785307,-78.785301,-78.785272,-78.785226,-78.785182,-78.785162,-78.78508,-78.784515,-78.784478,-78.784373,-78.784251,-78.783956,-78.78382,-78.783724,-78.783603,-78.783513,-78.78343,-78.783287,-78.783182,-78.783097,-78.782848,-78.782715,-78.782519,-78.782272,-78.780748,-78.780259,-78.780124,-78.780016,-78.77995,-78.779783,-78.779712,-78.779479,-78.779067,-78.776977,-78.776548,-78.77625,-78.775666,-78.775582,-78.775363,-78.775131,-78.774902,-78.77471,-78.774638,-78.774563,-78.774526,-78.774442,-78.774348,-78.774306,-78.774247,-78.774179,-78.774108,-78.774023,-78.77398,-78.773851,-78.773739,-78.773671,-78.773511,-78.77341,-78.773352,-78.773307,-78.773281,-78.773273,-78.773283,-78.773313,-78.773362,-78.773423,-78.773503,-78.773578,-78.773788,-78.773895,-78.773957,-78.774012,-78.774038,-78.774048,-78.774039,-78.773997,-78.773937,-78.773842,-78.773764,-78.77367,-78.773575,-78.773375,-78.773196,-78.773084,-78.771608,-78.77144,-78.771282,-78.771164,-78.771047,-78.770944,-78.770872,-78.770797,-78.770764,-78.77074,-78.770724,-78.77071,-78.7707,-78.770693,-78.770688,-78.770685,-78.770687,-78.770713,-78.770767,-78.77086,-78.770927,-78.771163,-78.771316,-78.771428,-78.771524,-78.771588,-78.771597,-78.77163,-78.771642,-78.771636,-78.771612,-78.771532,-78.771399,-78.771334,-78.771268,-78.771143,-78.770961,-78.77092,-78.770895,-78.77091,-78.770945,-78.77107,-78.771128,-78.771156,-78.771158,-78.771142,-78.771102,-78.771034,-78.770921,-78.770891,-78.770764,-78.770578,-78.770323,-78.770103,-78.770023,-78.76983,-78.769714,-78.769044,-78.768444,-78.768302,-78.767956,-78.767631,-78.767384,-78.767055,-78.766112,-78.76597,-78.7659,-78.765565,-78.765491,-78.765384,-78.765296,-78.765195,-78.765008,-78.764912,-78.76481,-78.764043,-78.763939,-78.76384,-78.763749,-78.763653,-78.763583,-78.763508,-78.76342,-78.763285,-78.763143,-78.763052,-78.762667,-78.762563,-78.762422,-78.762299,-78.762134,-78.761955,-78.761836,-78.761672,-78.761448,-78.761325,-78.761139,-78.760921,-78.760543,-78.760097,-78.759509,-78.759227,-78.758666,-78.758412,-78.758262,-78.758052,-78.757982,-78.757926,-78.757776,-78.757465,-78.75739,-78.757213,-78.757005,-78.756862,-78.756717,-78.75662,-78.756555,-78.756466,-78.756395,-78.756297,-78.756205,-78.756074,-78.75595,-78.755788,-78.75575,-78.755683,-78.755629,-78.755593,-78.755468,-78.755455,-78.755294,-78.755239,-78.75513,-78.754967,-78.754897,-78.75471,-78.754175,-78.753769,-78.753454,-78.753348,-78.753227,-78.753076,-78.753023,-78.752982,-78.752877,-78.752757,-78.752659,-78.75256,-78.752462,-78.752253,-78.75218,-78.752067,-78.751981,-78.751858,-78.751763,-78.751678,-78.751617,-78.751548,-78.751495,-78.751459,-78.751442,-78.751442,-78.751565,-78.751578,-78.75158,-78.751563,-78.751517,-78.751481,-78.751425,-78.751359,-78.75131,-78.751218,-78.751115,-78.751002,-78.750759,-78.750431,-78.750234,-78.750088,-78.74992,-78.749783,-78.74963,-78.749494,-78.749373,-78.749078,-78.74876,-78.748724,-78.748658,-78.748592,-78.748407,-78.748318,-78.74828,-78.748254,-78.748237,-78.748285,-78.748143,-78.747925,-78.747776,-78.747643,-78.747531,-78.7475,-78.747465,-78.747452,-78.74743,-78.747401,-78.747364,-78.747302,-78.747076,-78.746991,-78.746886,-78.746657,-78.746562,-78.746388,-78.746372,-78.746261,-78.746153,-78.746106,-78.746023,-78.745948,-78.745897,-78.745779,-78.745638,-78.745083,-78.745027,-78.744949,-78.7449,-78.744882,-78.744859,-78.744838,-78.744812,-78.744783,-78.744747,-78.744701,-78.744631,-78.744548,-78.74423,-78.744157,-78.744088,-78.743956,-78.743886,-78.743792,-78.743712,-78.743647,-78.743559,-78.743521,-78.743425,-78.743387,-78.74335,-78.743347,-78.74334,-78.743315,-78.743273,-78.743213,-78.74305,-78.742969,-78.742404,-78.742316,-78.74227,-78.742191,-78.742052,-78.741907,-78.741479,-78.741381,-78.74123,-78.741034,-78.740852,-78.740003,-78.739198,-78.739097,-78.738929,-78.738761,-78.738563,-78.738402,-78.737965,-78.737786,-78.737511,-78.737374,-78.737244,-78.73716,-78.737062,-78.736973,-78.736568,-78.735932,-78.735837,-78.735709,-78.735275,-78.735044,-78.734557,-78.733766,-78.733547,-78.73332,-78.732935,-78.732797,-78.732619,-78.732437,-78.731375,-78.731102,-78.731058,-78.73084,-78.730696,-78.730559,-78.730455,-78.730311,-78.730184,-78.729918,-78.729511,-78.729327,-78.729059,-78.728923,-78.728795,-78.72843,-78.727941,-78.727234,-78.726972,-78.726849,-78.726656,-78.726538,-78.726417,-78.726356,-78.726236,-78.726185,-78.726047,-78.725636,-78.725434,-78.725277,-78.724964,-78.72456,-78.72438,-78.724239,-78.724056,-78.723932,-78.723855,-78.723743,-78.723649,-78.72354,-78.723431,-78.723354,-78.723237,-78.723153,-78.723077,-78.723061,-78.723057,-78.722782,-78.722653,-78.722293,-78.722159,-78.721782,-78.721294,-78.720396,-78.719546,-78.718285,-78.717822,-78.716375,-78.715743,-78.715303,-78.714964,-78.714552,-78.71383,-78.712655,-78.712242,-78.711693,-78.711465,-78.711298,-78.711038,-78.710721,-78.710504,-78.710232,-78.709749,-78.709471,-78.708789,-78.708375,-78.708046,-78.70664,-78.702257,-78.700901,-78.698905,-78.698094,-78.697416,-78.697125,-78.695231,-78.694603,-78.69443,-78.693462,-78.6933,-78.693212,-78.693151,-78.693046,-78.693022,-78.691524,-78.691501,-78.691409,-78.690918,-78.689987,-78.689811,-78.689778,-78.689482,-78.689445,-78.689438,-78.689411,-78.689409,-78.689279,-78.689004,-78.688974,-78.688498,-78.688298,-78.688222,-78.688221,-78.688283,-78.68842,-78.688447,-78.688439,-78.688321,-78.688218,-78.688093,-78.687804,-78.68759,-78.687566,-78.687389,-78.687299,-78.687202,-78.687071,-78.686885,-78.686568,-78.686265,-78.686025,-78.68568,-78.685349,-78.684991,-78.684742,-78.684715,-78.684522,-78.684295,-78.68415,-78.684121,-78.684069,-78.684019,-78.683792,-78.683365,-78.683204,-78.682986,-78.682663,-78.682414,-78.682379,-78.682441,-78.682571,-78.682928,-78.683607,-78.684047,-78.684287,-78.684789,-78.685216,-78.685594,-78.686253,-78.686631,-78.686906,-78.687161,-78.687429,-78.687821,-78.687845,-78.688404,-78.689077,-78.689366,-78.689667,-78.690016,-78.690338,-78.690537,-78.690825,-78.691353,-78.691717,-78.692163,-78.69271,-78.693106,-78.693358,-78.693392,-78.693336,-78.693129,-78.69271,-78.692584,-78.692366,-78.692009,-78.691651,-78.69148,-78.691238,-78.690848,-78.690798,-78.690517,-78.690242,-78.690057,-78.68979,-78.6892,-78.688315,-78.68756,-78.687096,-78.687038,-78.686549,-78.685786,-78.685016,-78.684307,-78.684145,-78.684109,-78.683667,-78.683254,-78.683111,-78.683038,-78.682951,-78.682943,-78.682861,-78.68284,-78.682839,-78.68277,-78.682597,-78.682438,-78.68219,-78.682067,-78.681742,-78.681444,-78.681356,-78.68103,-78.680998,-78.680965,-78.680851,-78.680474,-78.680033,-78.679661,-78.679289,-78.678938,-78.678531,-78.678194,-78.677904,-78.677524,-78.677228,-78.676869,-78.676518,-78.676139,-78.675718,-78.675243,-78.67516,-78.674909,-78.674761,-78.674299,-78.673907,-78.673502,-78.673289,-78.672984,-78.672872,-78.672029,-78.67202,-78.671965,-78.671173,-78.67105,-78.670864,-78.670527,-78.67021,-78.669942,-78.669715,-78.669523,-78.669418,-78.669094,-78.668915,-78.668846,-78.668785,-78.668482,-78.668144,-78.667803,-78.667708,-78.667586,-78.667455,-78.667427,-78.667454,-78.667439,-78.667459,-78.667576,-78.667747,-78.668097,-78.668544,-78.668929,-78.669169,-78.669307,-78.669437,-78.669747,-78.670324,-78.670606,-78.671025,-78.671651,-78.672441,-78.673253,-78.674038,-78.674705,-78.67478,-78.675042,-78.675332,-78.675379,-78.675941,-78.67653,-78.677225,-78.677948,-78.678525,-78.679234,-78.680189,-78.681083,-78.681675,-78.681984,-78.682603,-78.683104,-78.683406,-78.683721,-78.683954,-78.684117,-78.684288,-78.684514,-78.684678,-78.684745,-78.684757,-78.684708,-78.684583,-78.684521,-78.684362,-78.68421,-78.684017,-78.683782,-78.683574,-78.683518,-78.683463,-78.68351,-78.683633,-78.683893,-78.684084,-78.684166,-78.684145,-78.684144,-78.684205,-78.684308,-78.684417,-78.684525,-78.684565,-78.684578,-78.684558,-78.684515,-78.684452,-78.684341,-78.684264,-78.684263,-78.684372,-78.684597,-78.684905,-78.685281,-78.685514,-78.685843,-78.685986,-78.686088,-78.686148,-78.68616,-78.686172,-78.686124,-78.686087,-78.685887,-78.685783,-78.685549,-78.685052,-78.684453,-78.683909,-78.683117,-78.682401,-78.68152,-78.680866,-78.680754,-78.680337,-78.679848,-78.679621,-78.679406,-78.679202,-78.67883,-78.678479,-78.67832,-78.678099,-78.67792,-78.677589,-78.676991,-78.676567,-78.67653,-78.676124,-78.676039,-78.675907,-78.675732,-78.675258,-78.67477,-78.674405,-78.673785,-78.673448,-78.672911,-78.672373,-78.671877,-78.671368,-78.671233,-78.670514,-78.669688,-78.669316,-78.668862,-78.66856,-78.668298,-78.667996,-78.66768,-78.667308,-78.667123,-78.666683,-78.665686,-78.665617,-78.66451,-78.663836,-78.663272,-78.662694,-78.662383,-78.662295,-78.661993,-78.661697,-78.66145,-78.661223,-78.661017,-78.660598,-78.660151,-78.659897,-78.659615,-78.659326,-78.659045,-78.658777,-78.658578,-78.658435,-78.65842,-78.658409,-78.658344,-78.658311,-78.658283,-78.658272,-78.658294,-78.658275,-78.658228,-78.65801,-78.657976,-78.657662,-78.657388,-78.657107,-78.656784,-78.656523,-78.656241,-78.655856,-78.655307,-78.654977,-78.654702,-78.65455,-78.654379,-78.654241,-78.6542,-78.654171,-78.654098,-78.653769,-78.653461,-78.653189,-78.652897,-78.652578,-78.652162,-78.651799,-78.651381,-78.651132,-78.650872,-78.650377,-78.64997,-78.649118,-78.648463,-78.648345,-78.648311,-78.648237,-78.648029,-78.647972,-78.647614,-78.64733,-78.647221,-78.647146,-78.646916,-78.646583,-78.646377,-78.646244,-78.646102,-78.645809,-78.645226,-78.643923,-78.643918,-78.643836,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643692,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.64364,-78.643651,-78.64369,-78.643727,-78.64373,-78.643736,-78.643735,-78.643835,-78.643884,-78.643935,-78.644035,-78.644233,-78.644535,-78.644572,-78.644581,-78.644635,-78.644835,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645085,-78.645135,-78.645135,-78.645235,-78.645335,-78.645385,-78.64541,-78.645418,-78.645435,-78.645455,-78.645475,-78.645535,-78.645535,-78.645734,-78.646434,-78.646635,-78.646734,-78.647035,-78.647335,-78.647535,-78.647935,-78.648053,-78.648535,-78.648575,-78.648935,-78.649035,-78.649435,-78.649935,-78.650835,-78.651236,-78.65157,-78.651736,-78.651936,-78.651987,-78.652335,-78.652635,-78.652836,-78.653136,-78.653235,-78.653636,-78.653676,-78.653761,-78.653829,-78.653882,-78.653937,-78.654034,-78.654054,-78.654058,-78.654093,-78.654111,-78.654136,-78.654234,-78.65427,-78.654436,-78.654436,-78.654536,-78.654536,-78.654636,-78.654636,-78.654635,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654503,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654335,-78.654335,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654138,-78.654132,-78.654235,-78.654335,-78.654635,-78.654735,-78.654935,-78.655335,-78.655449,-78.655535,-78.655735,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655935,-78.655935,-78.655735,-78.655435,-78.655135,-78.654935,-78.654835,-78.654203,-78.654135,-78.654098,-78.654035,-78.653935,-78.653832,-78.653435,-78.652935,-78.652635,-78.652235,-78.651435,-78.650935,-78.650335,-78.649635,-78.649135,-78.648635,-78.648435,-78.648135,-78.647635,-78.647353,-78.647235,-78.647111,-78.646835,-78.646581,-78.646335,-78.646053,-78.645835,-78.645635,-78.645335,-78.644935,-78.644535,-78.644235,-78.644035,-78.643735,-78.643635,-78.643435,-78.643335,-78.643135,-78.642934,-78.642755,-78.642734,-78.642699,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642434,-78.642366,-78.642234,-78.642179,-78.642134,-78.642034,-78.642034,-78.641834,-78.641834,-78.641819,-78.641634,-78.641534,-78.641381,-78.641234,-78.641214,-78.641159,-78.641125,-78.641095,-78.641019,-78.640946,-78.640891,-78.640851,-78.640831,-78.640816,-78.640784,-78.64078,-78.640788,-78.640804,-78.640795,-78.640813,-78.640852,-78.640907,-78.64102,-78.64106,-78.641181,-78.641278,-78.641428,-78.641666,-78.641695,-78.641746,-78.641874,-78.641928,-78.642049,-78.642245,-78.642402,-78.642471,-78.642632,-78.64266,-78.643506,-78.64357,-78.643599,-78.643667,-78.643868,-78.644115,-78.644187,-78.644198,-78.644257,-78.644319,-78.644381,-78.644464,-78.644738,-78.644838,-78.644938,-78.645038,-78.645238,-78.645471,-78.645937,-78.646074,-78.646277,-78.646288,-78.646446,-78.646504,-78.646551,-78.646638,-78.646732,-78.646938,-78.647036,-78.647062,-78.647084,-78.647096,-78.647238,-78.647561,-78.647591,-78.647636,-78.647736,-78.647767,-78.647976,-78.64816,-78.648236,-78.649236,-78.649736,-78.650659,-78.651133,-78.651252,-78.651372,-78.651356,-78.651341,-78.651384,-78.651399,-78.651966,-78.652176,-78.652306,-78.652997,-78.653378,-78.654086,-78.654154,-78.654235,-78.654985,-78.656751,-78.656881,-78.656928,-78.656948,-78.657048,-78.657165,-78.657322,-78.658008,-78.658714,-78.659198,-78.659838,-78.659851,-78.660141,-78.66037,-78.66087,-78.661244,-78.66163,-78.66222,-78.66248,-78.662883,-78.663317,-78.663754,-78.664359,-78.664555,-78.664712,-78.66473,-78.664701,-78.664652,-78.664547,-78.664624,-78.664702,-78.665042,-78.665226,-78.665279,-78.665326,-78.665496,-78.665504,-78.665627,-78.665727,-78.665927,-78.666127,-78.666189,-78.666427,-78.666627,-78.666716,-78.666828,-78.667028,-78.667128,-78.667228,-78.667428,-78.667628,-78.668111,-78.668214,-78.668224,-78.668239,-78.668787,-78.668804,-78.668829,-78.669144,-78.66933,-78.669569,-78.669731,-78.669857,-78.669866,-78.670031,-78.670631,-78.67102,-78.671032,-78.671228,-78.671241,-78.671257,-78.671289,-78.671369,-78.672632,-78.672631,-78.672632,-78.6727,-78.672818,-78.672944,-78.6733,-78.673309,-78.673318,-78.673336,-78.673432,-78.673938,-78.67404,-78.67434,-78.674833,-78.675433,-78.675804,-78.676233,-78.676633,-78.677134,-78.677505,-78.677783,-78.677824,-78.677838,-78.677854,-78.678634,-78.679148,-78.679534,-78.680035,-78.680435,-78.680968,-78.681635,-78.682435,-78.682484,-78.682509,-78.682525,-78.682549,-78.682601,-78.68271,-78.682723,-78.682735,-78.683336,-78.683455,-78.683468,-78.684336,-78.684459,-78.684481,-78.684757,-78.685036,-78.685338,-78.685641,-78.686336,-78.686936,-78.687636,-78.688226,-78.689037,-78.689837,-78.690537,-78.690737,-78.691337,-78.691737,-78.692137,-78.692737,-78.693137,-78.693437,-78.693937,-78.694126,-78.694337,-78.694537,-78.694678,-78.694737,-78.694937,-78.695126,-78.695137,-78.695338,-78.695537,-78.695637,-78.695645,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695637,-78.695437,-78.695237,-78.695037,-78.694737,-78.694437,-78.693936,-78.693627,-78.693536,-78.693465,-78.693374,-78.693283,-78.693236,-78.692936,-78.692436,-78.692163,-78.691837,-78.691437,-78.691037,-78.690637,-78.690337,-78.689938,-78.68937,-78.689238,-78.689238,-78.689138,-78.689017,-78.688938,-78.688879,-78.688739,-78.688639,-78.688439,-78.688373,-78.688365,-78.688339,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688239,-78.68824,-78.68824,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688241,-78.688241,-78.688341,-78.688441,-78.688741,-78.689042,-78.689242,-78.689642,-78.689842,-78.690342,-78.690442,-78.690909,-78.691006,-78.691043,-78.691643,-78.692243,-78.692643,-78.69276,-78.692834,-78.693236,-78.693344,-78.693444,-78.693544,-78.693644,-78.693744,-78.694244,-78.694406,-78.694441,-78.695044,-78.695544,-78.695636,-78.696145,-78.696936,-78.697648,-78.697745,-78.698836,-78.699846,-78.700033,-78.70005,-78.700546,-78.701247,-78.702348,-78.702737,-78.703449,-78.703916,-78.704349,-78.705149,-78.70595,-78.70635,-78.70655,-78.706861,-78.707149,-78.707268,-78.707414,-78.707497,-78.707509,-78.70775,-78.708551,-78.709351,-78.709651,-78.710038,-78.710054,-78.710437,-78.711045,-78.711134,-78.711188,-78.711233,-78.711257,-78.711295,-78.711326,-78.711943,-78.712439,-78.712583,-78.712636,-78.712693,-78.713038,-78.713084,-78.714041,-78.714137,-78.71414,-78.714137,-78.714135,-78.71418,-78.714192,-78.714241,-78.71456,-78.714739,-78.715339,-78.715937,-78.716223,-78.716835,-78.717334,-78.717556,-78.717581,-78.717636,-78.718039,-78.718437,-78.718541,-78.718785,-78.718798,-78.718837,-78.71888,-78.718909,-78.718969,-78.71904,-78.719039,-78.719039,-78.719037,-78.718971,-78.718837,-78.718541,-78.718433,-78.71829,-78.718245,-78.718076,-78.718036,-78.717936,-78.717892,-78.717746,-78.717811,-78.71786,-78.71786,-78.717868,-78.717881,-78.717929,-78.718046,-78.71806,-78.718039,-78.718005,-78.718005,-78.718017,-78.71806,-78.718107,-78.718122,-78.71815,-78.717952,-78.717755,-78.71727,-78.717241,-78.717226,-78.717126,-78.717027,-78.717027,-78.717127,-78.717127,-78.717224,-78.717227,-78.717227,-78.717228,-78.717028,-78.716828,-78.716729,-78.716529,-78.71633,-78.71623,-78.71613,-78.715731,-78.715654,-78.715642,-78.715531,-78.715431,-78.715331,-78.715131,-78.715087,-78.715075,-78.715067,-78.714931,-78.714931,-78.714531,-78.714331,-78.714231,-78.713932,-78.713899,-78.713893,-78.713609,-78.713578,-78.713537,-78.713495,-78.713478,-78.713433,-78.713433,-78.713428,-78.713433,-78.713533,-78.713609,-78.713613,-78.713635,-78.713634,-78.713563,-78.713554,-78.713535,-78.713437,-78.713407,-78.71339,-78.713235,-78.713035,-78.71284,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712828,-78.712825,-78.712798,-78.712745,-78.712715,-78.712701,-78.712708,-78.712728,-78.712746,-78.712802,-78.712738,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712736,-78.712734,-78.712861,-78.712822,-78.712921,-78.713218,-78.71332,-78.713421,-78.713625,-78.714011,-78.714333,-78.714399,-78.714406,-78.714411,-78.714435,-78.714507,-78.71456,-78.714643,-78.714714,-78.714722,-78.714727,-78.714737,-78.714778,-78.714821,-78.714939,-78.715337,-78.71574,-78.715776,-78.715831,-78.716052,-78.716251,-78.716649,-78.716749,-78.717146,-78.717743,-78.718141,-78.718341,-78.718823,-78.719037,-78.719279,-78.71929,-78.719532,-78.719544,-78.719636,-78.720136,-78.720235,-78.720436,-78.720821,-78.720936,-78.720987,-78.721037,-78.721236,-78.721436,-78.721506,-78.721664,-78.721735,-78.721835,-78.721985,-78.722235,-78.722258,-78.722281,-78.722535,-78.723136,-78.723158,-78.723186,-78.723211,-78.723286,-78.723437,-78.724137,-78.725034,-78.725249,-78.725345,-78.725401,-78.725444,-78.725537,-78.726237,-78.726294,-78.726306,-78.726344,-78.726504,-78.727037,-78.727837,-78.728337,-78.729037,-78.729637,-78.729862,-78.729914,-78.729932,-78.730537,-78.730917,-78.731037,-78.731392,-78.731407,-78.731426,-78.731444,-78.731476,-78.73154,-78.731837,-78.731966,-78.732003,-78.732337,-78.732537,-78.732937,-78.733363,-78.733434,-78.734037,-78.735537,-78.735636,-78.736237,-78.736837,-78.737237,-78.737563,-78.738137,-78.738737,-78.739437,-78.739937,-78.740637,-78.741137,-78.741187,-78.741737,-78.7418,-78.742537,-78.74299,-78.743026,-78.74304,-78.743054,-78.743137,-78.743581,-78.743758,-78.743805,-78.743818,-78.743834,-78.743937,-78.744435,-78.744769,-78.744854,-78.74487,-78.744937,-78.745056,-78.745112,-78.745637,-78.745937,-78.746638,-78.747038,-78.747638,-78.748038,-78.748538,-78.748738,-78.748938,-78.749238,-78.749438,-78.749638,-78.749738,-78.750038,-78.751638,-78.751794,-78.751951,-78.753734,-78.755518,-78.755738,-78.757947,-78.758092,-78.758238,-78.758312,-78.758387,-78.759813,-78.761238,-78.764838,-78.766514,-78.766614,-78.766708,-78.768681,-78.769066,-78.769232,-78.770432,-78.771228,-78.771314,-78.771783,-78.772252,-78.7723,-78.772935,-78.773172,-78.775739,-78.776631,-78.776939,-78.778441,-78.778609,-78.780107,-78.780228,-78.780451,-78.780479,-78.780946,-78.781375,-78.781395,-78.781469,-78.782906,-78.784513,-78.785341,-78.785388,-78.78612,-78.788128,-78.791339,-78.792996,-78.794654,-78.794796,-78.794939,-78.796133,-78.797327,-78.797428,-78.79753,-78.797839,-78.797946,-78.798938,-78.79993,-78.800539,-78.803067,-78.803096,-78.803148,-78.803208,-78.803439,-78.804756,-78.806073,-78.806197,-78.806321,-78.80644,-78.80934,-78.811137,-78.81124,-78.811333,-78.811813,-78.81314,-78.814346,-78.81554,-78.817859,-78.81864,-78.82124,-78.82254,-78.822595,-78.82324,-78.82374,-78.823768,-78.823786,-78.823804,-78.82394,-78.824028,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82324,-78.82284,-78.82244,-78.822161,-78.82214,-78.821953,-78.821939,-78.821654,-78.821583,-78.821374,-78.820802,-78.819642,-78.819384,-78.819063,-78.819051,-78.818984,-78.818545,-78.818345,-78.817745,-78.817413,-78.817345,-78.816744,-78.816344,-78.815544,-78.815044,-78.814444,-78.813644,-78.813244,-78.812718,-78.812195,-78.812044,-78.811544,-78.811468,-78.810943,-78.810443,-78.810143,-78.810043,-78.809943,-78.809943,-78.810444,-78.81045,-78.811042,-78.81244,-78.812516,-78.812566,-78.812976,-78.814042,-78.815142,-78.815738,-78.81576,-78.815876,-78.816032,-78.816335,-78.816433,-78.816852,-78.81687,-78.81689,-78.816935,-78.816955,-78.818541,-78.818692,-78.818934,-78.819069,-78.819191,-78.820109,-78.820741,-78.822341,-78.823839,-78.824336,-78.82624,-78.82704,-78.827402,-78.827763,-78.82794,-78.827975,-78.828073,-78.828528,-78.828802,-78.829076,-78.82914,-78.829284,-78.83074,-78.832439,-78.832839,-78.832948,-78.833096,-78.833173,-78.833179,-78.833341,-78.833358,-78.833365,-78.833322,-78.83315,-78.832667,-78.832611,-78.832467,-78.831312,-78.831243,-78.831189,-78.831131,-78.830846,-78.830839,-78.830411,-78.830339,-78.829454,-78.829339,-78.828835,-78.828339,-78.827139,-78.826818,-78.826528,-78.826239,-78.825967,-78.825694,-78.825683,-78.825035,-78.824839,-78.823639,-78.822639,-78.821339,-78.821236,-78.820638,-78.820039,-78.818639,-78.817439,-78.816975,-78.8168,-78.81672,-78.816639,-78.815853,-78.814939,-78.814238,-78.81375,-78.813738,-78.81345,-78.813339,-78.813338,-78.813316,-78.813314,-78.813312,-78.81324,-78.81324,-78.81364,-78.814636,-78.814779,-78.814795,-78.814834,-78.814857,-78.814866,-78.815261,-78.81532,-78.815337,-78.815536,-78.817361,-78.817377,-78.817391,-78.817733,-78.817916,-78.817933,-78.817945,-78.818142,-78.818184,-78.818214,-78.818234,-78.819443,-78.820842,-78.821197,-78.821216,-78.821294,-78.82224,-78.824092,-78.824116,-78.82424,-78.82474,-78.824862,-78.824871,-78.825339,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825539,-78.825506,-78.8255,-78.825494,-78.825465,-78.825431,-78.825392,-78.825339,-78.825339,-78.825239,-78.825238,-78.825206,-78.825175,-78.825139,-78.825039,-78.824969,-78.824838,-78.82474,-78.824438,-78.824391,-78.824311,-78.824231,-78.824029,-78.82395,-78.823734,-78.823683,-78.823594,-78.823578,-78.823472,-78.823367,-78.823263,-78.823138,-78.822738,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822653,-78.822709,-78.822945,-78.822979,-78.82299,-78.823282,-78.823612,-78.8237,-78.823886,-78.823915,-78.823946,-78.824018,-78.8242,-78.824368,-78.82451,-78.824541,-78.82458,-78.824938,-78.825738,-78.826073,-78.826211,-78.826275,-78.826338,-78.826511,-78.826644,-78.826678,-78.826864,-78.826878,-78.826912,-78.827074,-78.827464,-78.827656,-78.827735,-78.827746,-78.827776,-78.827873,-78.828144,-78.828183,-78.828194,-78.828222,-78.828442,-78.828908,-78.829277,-78.829288,-78.829304,-78.829377,-78.82945,-78.830216,-78.830938,-78.830979,-78.831038,-78.831238,-78.831704,-78.832328,-78.832879,-78.83293,-78.832963,-78.833004,-78.833062,-78.833226,-78.833585,-78.834236,-78.835834,-78.83613,-78.836181,-78.836276,-78.836307,-78.836353,-78.836579,-78.837222,-78.837234,-78.837284,-78.837648,-78.838132,-78.838883,-78.838904,-78.839335,-78.839776,-78.839939,-78.840075,-78.840105,-78.84028,-78.840503,-78.840528,-78.841529,-78.842328,-78.84277,-78.842781,-78.842823,-78.842863,-78.84319,-78.843392,-78.843422,-78.843827,-78.844432,-78.8445,-78.844677,-78.844877,-78.845125,-78.84556,-78.845705,-78.845953,-78.846128,-78.846139,-78.84616,-78.846731,-78.847397,-78.847411,-78.847437,-78.847457,-78.847665,-78.84769,-78.847721,-78.848117,-78.848158,-78.848645,-78.849142,-78.849267,-78.84928,-78.849385,-78.849856,-78.850327,-78.850443,-78.850806,-78.851044,-78.851243,-78.851309,-78.85133,-78.851382,-78.851591,-78.851614,-78.851866,-78.85196,-78.852562,-78.852959,-78.85311,-78.85321,-78.853538,-78.853655,-78.853677,-78.8541,-78.854134,-78.854145,-78.854153,-78.854198,-78.85463,-78.854651,-78.854832,-78.854855,-78.854887,-78.854917,-78.854962,-78.85534,-78.855418,-78.855539,-78.855886,-78.856233,-78.856759,-78.856823,-78.856855,-78.857137,-78.857449,-78.857739,-78.857845,-78.857862,-78.857897,-78.858554,-78.859566,-78.859672,-78.86014,-78.861443,-78.861998,-78.862355,-78.862373,-78.862811,-78.863128,-78.863578,-78.863603,-78.86384,-78.865088,-78.865102,-78.865275,-78.865331,-78.865353,-78.86586,-78.865871,-78.866432,-78.866742,-78.867047,-78.867151,-78.867162,-78.867256,-78.867933,-78.868037,-78.86855,-78.8686,-78.868622,-78.868652,-78.868686,-78.86874,-78.868816,-78.868942,-78.868973,-78.869006,-78.86914,-78.869202,-78.869218,-78.86923,-78.869245,-78.869267,-78.869316,-78.869172,-78.86914,-78.869044,-78.86894,-78.86884,-78.868338,-78.868304,-78.868267,-78.867967,-78.86794,-78.867877,-78.867752,-78.867742,-78.86764,-78.867634,-78.867641,-78.867643,-78.86781,-78.867829,-78.867843,-78.867896,-78.868045,-78.868341,-78.868613,-78.868695,-78.868787,-78.868836,-78.868909,-78.869253,-78.869836,-78.870632,-78.870651,-78.870717,-78.870841,-78.871267,-78.871307,-78.871328,-78.871734,-78.871777,-78.871816,-78.871826,-78.871832,-78.871939,-78.872335,-78.872369,-78.872511,-78.872737,-78.872753,-78.87299,-78.87369,-78.87378,-78.873942,-78.873977,-78.874143,-78.874345,-78.874677,-78.874737,-78.874814,-78.874821,-78.874938,-78.875147,-78.875423,-78.875586,-78.875649,-78.875704,-78.875738,-78.875759,-78.875732,-78.875676,-78.875587,-78.87537,-78.875159,-78.875063,-78.874966,-78.874939,-78.874939,-78.874967,-78.875029,-78.875112,-78.875313,-78.875344,-78.875471,-78.875487,-78.875549,-78.875576,-78.87561,-78.875899,-78.876002,-78.876071,-78.876122,-78.876161,-78.87634,-78.876471,-78.876554,-78.877429,-78.87749,-78.877685,-78.877967,-78.877995,-78.878266,-78.878609,-78.879071,-78.879788,-78.88045,-78.880933,-78.881126,-78.881685,-78.881816,-78.881891,-78.882029,-78.882264,-78.882374,-78.882539,-78.882732,-78.882994,-78.883063,-78.883125,-78.883181,-78.883204,-78.883228,-78.883256,-78.883373,-78.883421,-78.88349,-78.883566,-78.88369,-78.883804,-78.883813,-78.883973,-78.883987,-78.884058,-78.884125,-78.884146,-78.884257,-78.884282,-78.884285,-78.884286,-78.884291,-78.884294,-78.884297,-78.884298,-78.884299,-78.884319,-78.884409,-78.884465,-78.884493,-78.884582,-78.884639,-78.884659,-78.884741,-78.884856,-78.884879,-78.884935,-78.884983,-78.885052,-78.885135,-78.885183,-78.885362,-78.885542,-78.88581,-78.885976,-78.886334,-78.886527,-78.886689,-78.886844,-78.886941,-78.887045,-78.887148,-78.887196,-78.887334,-78.887555,-78.887754,-78.887765,-78.887797,-78.888017,-78.888445,-78.888707,-78.888845,-78.889045,-78.889197,-78.889411,-78.889625,-78.889715,-78.889852,-78.890149,-78.890246,-78.890315,-78.890363,-78.890418,-78.890446,-78.890453,-78.890446,-78.890434,-78.890419,-78.890405,-78.890383,-78.890364,-78.890357,-78.890352,-78.890316,-78.890244,-78.890182,-78.890157,-78.890123,-78.890109,-78.890123,-78.890164,-78.890258,-78.890544,-78.890585,-78.890599,-78.89064,-78.890889,-78.890927,-78.890986,-78.891068,-78.891241,-78.8914,-78.891538,-78.891765,-78.891945,-78.891993,-78.892045,-78.892152,-78.892418,-78.892536,-78.892572,-78.892752,-78.892869,-78.892931,-78.892986,-78.893097,-78.893128,-78.893214,-78.893251,-78.893297,-78.893428,-78.893534,-78.893649,-78.893753,-78.893815,-78.89389,-78.893939,-78.893976,-78.894015,-78.894104,-78.894144,-78.894166,-78.894235,-78.894311,-78.894359,-78.894401,-78.894449,-78.894521,-78.894608,-78.894698,-78.894794,-78.894905,-78.895236,-78.895291,-78.89536,-78.895422,-78.895491,-78.895519,-78.895624,-78.895739,-78.895822,-78.895918,-78.895987,-78.89645,-78.896654,-78.896788,-78.897027,-78.897153,-78.897298,-78.897463,-78.897698,-78.897905,-78.89807,-78.898112,-78.898463,-78.898498,-78.898546,-78.898567,-78.898553,-78.898505,-78.898304,-78.898277,-78.898263,-78.898263,-78.89829,-78.898332,-78.898435,-78.898794,-78.899076,-78.899214,-78.899421,-78.899669,-78.899738,-78.899787,-78.899801,-78.89994,-78.899974,-78.899995,-78.900002,-78.90001,-78.900046,-78.900121,-78.90521,-78.90531,-78.905996,-78.906358,-78.906371,-78.906389,-78.906413,-78.906418,-78.906426,-78.90644,-78.909187,-78.909272,-78.910767,-78.91178,-78.912279,-78.912305,-78.912544,-78.91443,-78.91558,-78.915981,-78.917578,-78.917602,-78.917894,-78.917907,-78.9186,-78.918606,-78.918614,-78.918645,-78.921673,-78.921792,-78.922303,-78.922313,-78.922319,-78.922462,-78.923182,-78.927173,-78.928482,-78.928733,-78.928967,-78.930842,-78.930873,-78.930904,-78.930932,-78.930959,-78.932626,-78.933069,-78.934798,-78.936253,-78.936308,-78.936314,-78.93632,-78.936365,-78.937305,-78.937492,-78.937508,-78.937846,-78.938112,-78.94215,-78.942243,-78.942628,-78.942707,-78.942714,-78.942747,-78.946981,-78.947558,-78.94765,-78.94766,-78.947712,-78.947791,-78.947977,-78.948131,-78.948775,-78.948788,-78.948887,-78.948914,-78.948934,-78.949733,-78.951287,-78.954594,-78.954613],"lat":[37.647048,37.647225,37.647374,37.647661,37.648005,37.648061,37.649394,37.64958,37.649683,37.649849,37.650235,37.65055,37.65101,37.651584,37.651653,37.651678,37.651731,37.651838,37.65232,37.653406,37.653831,37.654969,37.655418,37.655738,37.656304,37.65934,37.660921,37.661498,37.663976,37.665732,37.670166,37.670176,37.670176,37.670152,37.670143,37.670148,37.670209,37.670302,37.670368,37.670494,37.670555,37.67078,37.670862,37.671132,37.671428,37.671675,37.67178,37.672054,37.672164,37.672274,37.672384,37.67262,37.672702,37.672916,37.673026,37.673356,37.673482,37.673537,37.673768,37.673966,37.67441,37.674597,37.674987,37.675152,37.675542,37.675663,37.676179,37.676316,37.676398,37.676481,37.676624,37.676712,37.677058,37.677173,37.677266,37.677332,37.67742,37.677546,37.677689,37.678282,37.678403,37.678486,37.678562,37.678821,37.67887,37.678925,37.678974,37.678996,37.679013,37.679029,37.679018,37.679007,37.679013,37.679024,37.679051,37.679095,37.679249,37.679787,37.67988,37.680012,37.680144,37.680446,37.68149,37.681799,37.682094,37.68222,37.683094,37.684609,37.684763,37.684851,37.685098,37.685362,37.686136,37.686493,37.687026,37.68713,37.687778,37.688097,37.688432,37.68858,37.688772,37.688893,37.689206,37.689442,37.689909,37.69025,37.690607,37.69087,37.691194,37.691337,37.691606,37.691738,37.69182,37.692122,37.692578,37.69271,37.692952,37.6931,37.693298,37.694077,37.694176,37.694248,37.694374,37.694495,37.694583,37.694616,37.694681,37.694806,37.694863,37.695148,37.695324,37.695686,37.695835,37.696735,37.696977,37.697263,37.697466,37.697664,37.697949,37.698746,37.699383,37.699591,37.699668,37.700009,37.700173,37.7008,37.701074,37.701327,37.701574,37.702002,37.703302,37.703441,37.704062,37.704347,37.704551,37.704671,37.704776,37.705314,37.705457,37.705797,37.705979,37.70633,37.706555,37.706912,37.707017,37.70722,37.70733,37.707917,37.708066,37.708153,37.708313,37.70856,37.70862,37.708867,37.708928,37.709208,37.709345,37.709416,37.709598,37.709927,37.710136,37.710542,37.71085,37.711542,37.711767,37.712031,37.712371,37.712651,37.71291,37.713201,37.713372,37.713388,37.71352,37.71367,37.713842,37.714085,37.714415,37.715714,37.716116,37.716378,37.716323,37.716277,37.716233,37.716202,37.716178,37.716169,37.716179,37.716205,37.71622,37.716264,37.71628,37.716279,37.716268,37.716241,37.716201,37.716145,37.716048,37.715975,37.715913,37.715812,37.715751,37.71524,37.715012,37.714952,37.714864,37.714792,37.714754,37.714731,37.714721,37.714726,37.714755,37.714778,37.714811,37.714862,37.714927,37.715004,37.715142,37.716255,37.716357,37.716448,37.716522,37.716568,37.716599,37.716613,37.716619,37.716611,37.7166,37.716577,37.716545,37.716478,37.716427,37.716098,37.715815,37.71566,37.715579,37.715238,37.714956,37.714057,37.713736,37.713601,37.713501,37.713275,37.713151,37.713093,37.712925,37.71266,37.712049,37.7117,37.711498,37.711138,37.710519,37.709231,37.709056,37.709006,37.70897,37.708939,37.708934,37.708842,37.708769,37.708702,37.708305,37.708047,37.707972,37.707809,37.707651,37.707599,37.70738,37.707213,37.706602,37.70638,37.705928,37.705593,37.705301,37.705167,37.70499,37.704449,37.703822,37.703522,37.703415,37.703313,37.703184,37.70315,37.703051,37.702998,37.702924,37.702512,37.701799,37.701502,37.701157,37.700865,37.700361,37.699486,37.699407,37.699202,37.698785,37.69844,37.698338,37.698264,37.698061,37.697784,37.697593,37.697451,37.697033,37.696937,37.696656,37.696356,37.696196,37.69607,37.696041,37.696005,37.695956,37.695895,37.695831,37.695739,37.695668,37.695604,37.695311,37.695028,37.694571,37.694505,37.694332,37.694186,37.694058,37.693949,37.693806,37.693746,37.693651,37.693491,37.693183,37.692976,37.692565,37.692203,37.691917,37.691379,37.691106,37.690805,37.690388,37.689499,37.689305,37.688769,37.688238,37.68764,37.687564,37.687414,37.687269,37.686637,37.686509,37.686398,37.685859,37.685672,37.685437,37.685309,37.685141,37.684935,37.684851,37.684708,37.684563,37.684419,37.684326,37.684235,37.684127,37.684044,37.683853,37.683647,37.683574,37.683493,37.683407,37.683372,37.683337,37.683252,37.683172,37.683094,37.682997,37.682872,37.682818,37.682775,37.682728,37.682683,37.682619,37.682502,37.682378,37.68218,37.681902,37.681795,37.68168,37.681423,37.681081,37.680889,37.680812,37.680686,37.680554,37.680456,37.680307,37.679951,37.679905,37.680033,37.680174,37.680257,37.680316,37.680371,37.680422,37.680464,37.680524,37.680626,37.680661,37.680766,37.681107,37.681176,37.681242,37.681489,37.681742,37.682022,37.682192,37.682263,37.68229,37.682318,37.682345,37.682372,37.682389,37.682444,37.682526,37.682619,37.683388,37.683498,37.683959,37.684299,37.684415,37.68453,37.684717,37.684821,37.684909,37.684931,37.684937,37.684931,37.684909,37.684876,37.684827,37.684767,37.68475,37.684745,37.68475,37.684778,37.684816,37.684888,37.68497,37.685031,37.685091,37.685256,37.685426,37.685487,37.685619,37.685734,37.685794,37.686063,37.686217,37.686464,37.686602,37.686777,37.687068,37.687184,37.687414,37.68776,37.687903,37.688084,37.68815,37.688216,37.688254,37.688288,37.688398,37.688387,37.688359,37.688327,37.688156,37.688069,37.687767,37.687695,37.687585,37.687553,37.687536,37.687586,37.687652,37.687756,37.687811,37.687927,37.688317,37.688729,37.688811,37.68902,37.689091,37.689404,37.689465,37.689608,37.689662,37.689717,37.689728,37.689718,37.68969,37.689663,37.689613,37.689443,37.689416,37.689405,37.689416,37.689388,37.689163,37.689043,37.689032,37.689065,37.689197,37.689274,37.689329,37.689785,37.69007,37.690142,37.690257,37.690389,37.690746,37.690889,37.690987,37.691075,37.691141,37.691202,37.691262,37.691317,37.691465,37.691525,37.691701,37.691778,37.691888,37.692239,37.692673,37.693118,37.693228,37.693359,37.69342,37.693508,37.693645,37.693755,37.693837,37.694041,37.694222,37.694821,37.694892,37.694942,37.695002,37.695046,37.695063,37.695052,37.695019,37.694975,37.694755,37.694706,37.694678,37.694684,37.694717,37.694772,37.694816,37.694931,37.695129,37.695393,37.695634,37.695832,37.696073,37.696249,37.696458,37.696683,37.696886,37.697045,37.69727,37.697523,37.697633,37.698017,37.69844,37.698484,37.69855,37.698715,37.698759,37.698814,37.699012,37.699182,37.699242,37.699297,37.699435,37.699742,37.699808,37.699973,37.700011,37.700033,37.700028,37.699973,37.699841,37.699732,37.699084,37.699012,37.698776,37.698584,37.698557,37.698551,37.698562,37.698617,37.698804,37.698887,37.699106,37.699535,37.699705,37.699804,37.70015,37.70032,37.700502,37.700634,37.700749,37.700985,37.701035,37.701084,37.701254,37.70132,37.701403,37.701524,37.701589,37.701738,37.701787,37.701908,37.701969,37.702144,37.70221,37.702298,37.702419,37.702463,37.702564,37.702617,37.702628,37.702672,37.702644,37.702611,37.70209,37.702018,37.70148,37.701338,37.70125,37.701167,37.701036,37.700805,37.700739,37.700701,37.70069,37.700684,37.700706,37.700767,37.700821,37.701008,37.701047,37.701074,37.701091,37.701107,37.701146,37.701228,37.701354,37.701387,37.701431,37.701459,37.70153,37.701821,37.701876,37.701953,37.702008,37.701997,37.701777,37.701734,37.701695,37.701679,37.70169,37.701679,37.701635,37.701525,37.701058,37.700981,37.700926,37.700811,37.700855,37.700904,37.700959,37.701289,37.70136,37.701624,37.701684,37.701811,37.702063,37.702135,37.702173,37.702206,37.702256,37.702283,37.702283,37.702058,37.702003,37.70191,37.701899,37.701904,37.701921,37.701954,37.702141,37.702212,37.70231,37.702322,37.702377,37.70252,37.702542,37.703009,37.703443,37.70354,37.703639,37.703736,37.703832,37.70394,37.704495,37.704736,37.705133,37.705538,37.705788,37.706199,37.706417,37.70688,37.707095,37.707287,37.707394,37.707491,37.707614,37.707915,37.708618,37.709298,37.709376,37.709568,37.709818,37.709871,37.709952,37.710153,37.710421,37.710614,37.71083,37.711337,37.711917,37.712009,37.712483,37.712679,37.712879,37.713085,37.713309,37.713435,37.713563,37.713684,37.714453,37.714647,37.715178,37.715866,37.715995,37.716082,37.716151,37.716226,37.716279,37.716324,37.71637,37.716402,37.716443,37.716472,37.716516,37.716549,37.716606,37.716663,37.716738,37.716816,37.717118,37.717223,37.717365,37.717395,37.717466,37.71753,37.717585,37.717629,37.717712,37.717742,37.717804,37.717877,37.717995,37.71809,37.71817,37.718404,37.718509,37.718574,37.718658,37.718807,37.718941,37.718999,37.71906,37.719151,37.719259,37.719023,37.718958,37.71889,37.718835,37.718812,37.718796,37.718795,37.7188,37.718824,37.718886,37.718954,37.719212,37.719287,37.719429,37.719509,37.719521,37.719536,37.719582,37.719662,37.719763,37.719777,37.719803,37.71996,37.720125,37.720141,37.720145,37.720143,37.720136,37.720124,37.720107,37.719782,37.719617,37.71952,37.719433,37.719362,37.719217,37.719265,37.719339,37.719368,37.719519,37.719549,37.719564,37.719598,37.719618,37.719634,37.719666,37.719702,37.719722,37.71978,37.719817,37.719828,37.719827,37.719826,37.719818,37.719807,37.719759,37.719692,37.719669,37.719665,37.719662,37.719659,37.719677,37.719708,37.719732,37.719781,37.719867,37.719892,37.719912,37.719917,37.719916,37.719892,37.71986,37.71981,37.719752,37.719651,37.719563,37.719486,37.719439,37.719404,37.719383,37.719361,37.719329,37.719313,37.719275,37.719216,37.719144,37.719029,37.718958,37.718862,37.718824,37.718796,37.718787,37.71879,37.718806,37.718849,37.718939,37.719121,37.719144,37.719163,37.719198,37.719234,37.719377,37.720051,37.720455,37.720726,37.720996,37.721538,37.721617,37.721721,37.7219,37.722085,37.722273,37.722454,37.722587,37.722724,37.722803,37.72286,37.723002,37.723183,37.723359,37.72347,37.723666,37.723842,37.724022,37.724163,37.724287,37.724412,37.725102,37.72764,37.727798,37.727874,37.728067,37.72826,37.728452,37.728603,37.728754,37.728944,37.729031,37.729127,37.729266,37.729304,37.72939,37.729414,37.729599,37.729802,37.729959,37.730034,37.730118,37.730374,37.730406,37.730495,37.730602,37.73067,37.730701,37.730745,37.730847,37.730933,37.731024,37.731075,37.731158,37.731214,37.73127,37.731386,37.731501,37.731544,37.73157,37.731768,37.731997,37.73218,37.732311,37.732467,37.732604,37.732746,37.732891,37.732979,37.733763,37.733805,37.733996,37.734701,37.734879,37.735243,37.7354,37.735555,37.735774,37.736906,37.737584,37.738081,37.738547,37.73968,37.739725,37.740047,37.740239,37.741129,37.741177,37.74123,37.74127,37.741294,37.741347,37.741421,37.742235,37.742363,37.74247,37.742553,37.742634,37.743304,37.743431,37.743704,37.743935,37.744028,37.74432,37.74449,37.744587,37.744674,37.745044,37.745162,37.745291,37.745402,37.745828,37.746425,37.746724,37.747252,37.747359,37.747436,37.747501,37.747553,37.747584,37.747702,37.747721,37.747754,37.747825,37.747873,37.747903,37.747973,37.748247,37.748478,37.748632,37.748835,37.748937,37.749047,37.749162,37.749281,37.749427,37.749549,37.74967,37.749789,37.750561,37.750718,37.750842,37.750935,37.750983,37.751113,37.751208,37.751314,37.75224,37.752414,37.752579,37.752704,37.753077,37.753166,37.753251,37.753289,37.753316,37.753329,37.753326,37.753305,37.753263,37.753213,37.753124,37.752966,37.752751,37.75268,37.752556,37.752426,37.752291,37.75208,37.752012,37.751952,37.751904,37.751815,37.751739,37.751678,37.751592,37.751495,37.751402,37.751325,37.751255,37.751058,37.750872,37.750784,37.750618,37.750491,37.750456,37.750432,37.750428,37.750461,37.750464,37.750456,37.750433,37.750406,37.750373,37.750358,37.750343,37.750348,37.750369,37.750405,37.750455,37.750518,37.750556,37.75063,37.750683,37.75071,37.750757,37.750839,37.750927,37.751017,37.751479,37.751561,37.751763,37.751963,37.752103,37.75216,37.752353,37.753414,37.753493,37.753685,37.753871,37.754252,37.754459,37.75463,37.754873,37.75501,37.755114,37.75526,37.75535,37.755413,37.755577,37.755655,37.755754,37.755857,37.75637,37.756546,37.756605,37.756658,37.75669,37.756785,37.756833,37.756988,37.757249,37.758655,37.759015,37.759256,37.759714,37.759788,37.759968,37.760137,37.760363,37.760573,37.760663,37.760782,37.760857,37.761083,37.761396,37.761579,37.761754,37.761895,37.762002,37.762102,37.762139,37.762223,37.762281,37.762406,37.762619,37.762785,37.762908,37.763046,37.763188,37.763331,37.763476,37.763619,37.76376,37.763912,37.764059,37.764172,37.76444,37.764606,37.764722,37.76487,37.764997,37.765126,37.765255,37.765419,37.765581,37.765768,37.765877,37.765979,37.766059,37.766192,37.76629,37.766343,37.766995,37.767076,37.767168,37.767249,37.767367,37.767493,37.767599,37.767737,37.767813,37.767877,37.76793,37.767987,37.768036,37.768085,37.768131,37.768197,37.768278,37.768409,37.768558,37.76875,37.768857,37.769158,37.769344,37.769506,37.769675,37.769814,37.769842,37.769956,37.770065,37.770174,37.770282,37.77048,37.770741,37.770888,37.771077,37.771611,37.772358,37.772571,37.772829,37.773027,37.773224,37.773677,37.77396,37.774165,37.774319,37.774472,37.774661,37.774904,37.77521,37.775288,37.775596,37.776008,37.776677,37.777208,37.777362,37.777702,37.777869,37.778647,37.779298,37.779439,37.779798,37.78016,37.780451,37.780823,37.781842,37.782015,37.782113,37.782637,37.782743,37.78287,37.782943,37.783007,37.783094,37.783126,37.783144,37.783175,37.783189,37.783217,37.783257,37.783312,37.783365,37.78344,37.783564,37.783775,37.784039,37.784205,37.784829,37.784943,37.785079,37.785181,37.7853,37.785409,37.785473,37.785552,37.785644,37.785686,37.785738,37.785786,37.785847,37.785926,37.786044,37.786091,37.786193,37.786246,37.786289,37.786365,37.786396,37.786421,37.786501,37.786713,37.786771,37.786922,37.787126,37.787283,37.787461,37.787606,37.787727,37.787929,37.788091,37.788367,37.78858,37.788842,37.789057,37.78931,37.789378,37.789517,37.78966,37.78986,37.790418,37.79048,37.791049,37.791191,37.791421,37.791729,37.791834,37.792091,37.792743,37.793176,37.793487,37.79361,37.793725,37.793843,37.793875,37.7939,37.793943,37.793964,37.79397,37.793968,37.793956,37.793909,37.793899,37.79389,37.793899,37.79393,37.79397,37.794022,37.794073,37.794151,37.794238,37.794329,37.794424,37.79452,37.794931,37.795018,37.795107,37.795239,37.795357,37.795425,37.795513,37.795596,37.795641,37.795708,37.795763,37.795805,37.795862,37.795921,37.795978,37.796032,37.79611,37.796188,37.796293,37.796409,37.796535,37.796921,37.797384,37.797437,37.797524,37.797611,37.797856,37.797974,37.798037,37.798103,37.798189,37.798574,37.798733,37.799,37.79921,37.799427,37.799651,37.799749,37.799915,37.800185,37.800315,37.800398,37.800459,37.800529,37.800706,37.800763,37.800823,37.801196,37.801342,37.80158,37.801602,37.801738,37.801851,37.8019,37.802003,37.802108,37.80218,37.802378,37.802592,37.803432,37.803525,37.803684,37.803815,37.803883,37.804023,37.804361,37.804529,37.804606,37.804664,37.804717,37.804775,37.804821,37.804952,37.804986,37.805017,37.805094,37.805145,37.805234,37.805332,37.805437,37.805642,37.805824,37.806463,37.806966,37.807871,37.808142,37.808213,37.808329,37.808443,37.808551,37.808774,37.80887,37.809445,37.809541,37.809584,37.809652,37.809753,37.809825,37.810038,37.810082,37.81014,37.810199,37.810237,37.810353,37.810475,37.810485,37.810489,37.81048,37.81045,37.810411,37.810345,37.810325,37.810304,37.810302,37.81032,37.810343,37.810382,37.810434,37.810772,37.81137,37.811447,37.811534,37.811769,37.811907,37.812199,37.81264,37.812762,37.812861,37.813016,37.813057,37.813096,37.81312,37.81318,37.813208,37.813213,37.81325,37.813288,37.81334,37.81339,37.813479,37.813583,37.813774,37.814082,37.814197,37.814338,37.814421,37.814512,37.814815,37.815237,37.815856,37.81611,37.816236,37.816452,37.816594,37.816775,37.816894,37.817111,37.817188,37.817355,37.817776,37.817947,37.818094,37.818461,37.818882,37.819087,37.81927,37.819549,37.819766,37.819926,37.820246,37.820456,37.820642,37.82079,37.820873,37.82102,37.821148,37.821287,37.821351,37.821478,37.821498,37.821517,37.821592,37.821628,37.821744,37.821906,37.822217,37.822518,37.822952,37.823107,37.823606,37.82382,37.823981,37.824096,37.824246,37.824493,37.82489,37.825023,37.825188,37.825244,37.825276,37.825309,37.825331,37.82534,37.825338,37.825312,37.825277,37.825163,37.825109,37.825101,37.822699,37.815212,37.812895,37.809486,37.808098,37.80694,37.806442,37.80321,37.802134,37.801839,37.800182,37.799906,37.799757,37.799653,37.799473,37.799432,37.796782,37.796713,37.796434,37.794931,37.791127,37.790429,37.790299,37.789129,37.788982,37.788953,37.788847,37.788836,37.78882,37.788787,37.788777,37.788623,37.788432,37.788285,37.788067,37.787848,37.78763,37.787422,37.787204,37.786833,37.78662,37.786413,37.786075,37.785753,37.785705,37.785344,37.785104,37.784728,37.784499,37.784379,37.784292,37.784265,37.784178,37.784032,37.783699,37.783301,37.78309,37.783067,37.782974,37.782838,37.782686,37.782653,37.782594,37.782539,37.782408,37.782261,37.782176,37.78206,37.781798,37.781493,37.781324,37.781105,37.780881,37.78057,37.780078,37.779809,37.7797,37.779677,37.779666,37.779589,37.77944,37.779336,37.77933,37.779362,37.779313,37.77911,37.779099,37.778815,37.778448,37.778202,37.777847,37.777196,37.776508,37.776279,37.776043,37.775704,37.775403,37.774846,37.773677,37.77259,37.771869,37.771471,37.771187,37.771002,37.770931,37.770937,37.770948,37.771058,37.771059,37.771059,37.771059,37.77106,37.77106,37.771137,37.771285,37.771569,37.771995,37.772607,37.773324,37.773756,37.773951,37.773975,37.774025,37.774037,37.773968,37.773843,37.773785,37.773773,37.773615,37.773397,37.773292,37.773238,37.773174,37.773156,37.772983,37.772803,37.772535,37.77229,37.771881,37.771597,37.771303,37.771189,37.770889,37.770577,37.770485,37.770202,37.770175,37.770151,37.770069,37.769799,37.769483,37.7692,37.768911,37.768644,37.768252,37.767848,37.767396,37.766872,37.766436,37.766055,37.765706,37.76539,37.764959,37.764534,37.764474,37.764293,37.764185,37.763841,37.763548,37.763259,37.763107,37.762889,37.762815,37.762258,37.762252,37.762223,37.761811,37.761755,37.761669,37.761599,37.761545,37.761436,37.761289,37.761141,37.76106,37.7607,37.760535,37.760471,37.760436,37.760259,37.760085,37.759852,37.759763,37.759644,37.759409,37.759202,37.758858,37.758498,37.758219,37.757919,37.757722,37.757525,37.757372,37.757273,37.75724,37.757272,37.757305,37.757304,37.757254,37.757199,37.757084,37.757067,37.757191,37.757392,37.75768,37.757924,37.757961,37.758088,37.758383,37.758431,37.758907,37.759401,37.759635,37.759831,37.759928,37.759981,37.76004,37.760142,37.76018,37.760181,37.760167,37.759992,37.759729,37.759292,37.758604,37.757889,37.757588,37.75725,37.756807,37.756229,37.755574,37.75517,37.75457,37.754351,37.754122,37.753915,37.753566,37.752982,37.752415,37.752186,37.751891,37.751607,37.75122,37.750717,37.750253,37.749887,37.749592,37.749254,37.74903,37.748811,37.748571,37.747785,37.747212,37.746966,37.746824,37.746524,37.746109,37.745536,37.744991,37.744691,37.744314,37.743653,37.74291,37.742178,37.741763,37.741369,37.740987,37.74049,37.739808,37.738962,37.73823,37.737821,37.737505,37.73709,37.736817,37.736419,37.735863,37.735198,37.734664,37.734065,37.733608,37.733107,37.732769,37.732732,37.73259,37.732487,37.732411,37.732341,37.732275,37.732074,37.731812,37.731583,37.731021,37.730798,37.730471,37.730166,37.730006,37.729992,37.729867,37.729855,37.729837,37.729813,37.729727,37.729569,37.729362,37.72891,37.728638,37.728202,37.727569,37.727008,37.726572,37.726464,37.725885,37.725292,37.725049,37.724752,37.724644,37.7246,37.724584,37.724568,37.724511,37.724482,37.724319,37.723954,37.723928,37.723503,37.723286,37.723101,37.722894,37.72278,37.722747,37.722682,37.722661,37.722667,37.722678,37.722689,37.722662,37.722657,37.722647,37.722642,37.722664,37.722714,37.722758,37.722878,37.723062,37.72308,37.723132,37.723433,37.723582,37.724131,37.724352,37.725242,37.725869,37.72635,37.727299,37.727447,37.728299,37.729069,37.729435,37.729507,37.729507,37.729447,37.729377,37.729356,37.729329,37.729297,37.729259,37.729297,37.729369,37.72939,37.729462,37.729641,37.73028,37.73093,37.731362,37.731625,37.731814,37.732019,37.73209,37.732153,37.732177,37.732235,37.732364,37.732445,37.732593,37.732703,37.732712,37.732715,37.73272,37.732736,37.732741,37.732769,37.732781,37.732786,37.732779,37.732758,37.732724,37.73268,37.732656,37.732631,37.732635,37.73277,37.733071,37.733084,37.732943,37.732843,37.732744,37.732562,37.732543,37.732443,37.732399,37.732343,37.732143,37.73195,37.731843,37.731643,37.73162,37.731555,37.731318,37.731098,37.731081,37.731043,37.730843,37.730543,37.730445,37.730343,37.730043,37.729746,37.729443,37.729294,37.729258,37.729044,37.728843,37.728743,37.728643,37.728543,37.728243,37.728046,37.727843,37.727543,37.727243,37.726843,37.726143,37.725543,37.725345,37.725245,37.725211,37.725143,37.725044,37.724945,37.724643,37.724543,37.724145,37.722823,37.722443,37.722245,37.721943,37.721643,37.721343,37.721043,37.720965,37.720643,37.720613,37.720343,37.720243,37.719943,37.719743,37.719243,37.719143,37.718942,37.718843,37.718743,37.718692,37.718344,37.718144,37.717743,37.717343,37.717244,37.716643,37.716566,37.716405,37.716262,37.716154,37.716039,37.71575,37.715675,37.715656,37.715515,37.715441,37.715343,37.714951,37.714892,37.714643,37.714544,37.714243,37.713944,37.713543,37.713244,37.712843,37.712443,37.712243,37.712043,37.711881,37.711543,37.71137,37.711143,37.710643,37.710543,37.710143,37.709743,37.709343,37.709051,37.70866,37.707743,37.707443,37.706743,37.706543,37.706143,37.705743,37.705572,37.705443,37.705243,37.704943,37.704906,37.704743,37.703943,37.703543,37.703143,37.702443,37.701943,37.701643,37.701343,37.70053,37.700443,37.700443,37.700443,37.700343,37.700341,37.700043,37.699643,37.699443,37.699243,37.698743,37.698443,37.698143,37.697743,37.697443,37.696943,37.696643,37.696443,37.695943,37.695731,37.695643,37.695612,37.695543,37.69534,37.695143,37.69503,37.694943,37.694843,37.694643,37.694343,37.694043,37.693643,37.693343,37.692743,37.692543,37.692243,37.692043,37.691743,37.691143,37.690606,37.690543,37.690508,37.690443,37.690392,37.690343,37.689843,37.689706,37.689443,37.689224,37.689043,37.688543,37.688243,37.687643,37.687243,37.687212,37.686843,37.686743,37.68659,37.686443,37.686417,37.686349,37.686445,37.68646,37.686461,37.686425,37.686369,37.686308,37.686239,37.686207,37.686104,37.685962,37.685927,37.685893,37.685716,37.685575,37.685363,37.685155,37.684884,37.684746,37.684477,37.684317,37.684099,37.683675,37.683608,37.683421,37.683319,37.683262,37.683156,37.682962,37.682832,37.682786,37.682719,37.682691,37.682042,37.681947,37.68192,37.681872,37.681789,37.681697,37.681677,37.681673,37.681742,37.681704,37.681665,37.681613,37.681443,37.681443,37.681343,37.681343,37.681342,37.681242,37.681042,37.680983,37.680895,37.680887,37.680823,37.680798,37.680778,37.680742,37.680678,37.680541,37.680476,37.680459,37.680444,37.680436,37.680341,37.68026,37.680252,37.680241,37.680141,37.680129,37.680046,37.679972,37.679941,37.67934,37.67914,37.678775,37.678588,37.67854,37.678493,37.678428,37.678363,37.678289,37.678264,37.678035,37.677977,37.677941,37.677749,37.677639,37.67747,37.677454,37.677435,37.677371,37.677294,37.677291,37.67729,37.67729,37.677287,37.67729,37.677313,37.677396,37.677504,37.677578,37.677676,37.677678,37.677723,37.677758,37.677889,37.678027,37.678215,37.678551,37.678732,37.679012,37.679326,37.67965,37.680181,37.680543,37.680833,37.680866,37.680905,37.680971,37.680997,37.681058,37.681119,37.681387,37.681532,37.681689,37.681833,37.682059,37.682069,37.682233,37.682333,37.682733,37.683133,37.683257,37.683734,37.684334,37.684577,37.684834,37.685334,37.685735,37.686135,37.686535,37.687135,37.687859,37.6881,37.688123,37.688154,37.68888,37.688903,37.688936,37.689313,37.689537,37.689776,37.689937,37.690106,37.690118,37.690337,37.690938,37.691324,37.691336,37.691507,37.691518,37.691532,37.69156,37.69163,37.692734,37.692787,37.692837,37.692875,37.692941,37.693043,37.69333,37.693337,37.693344,37.693359,37.693437,37.693777,37.693845,37.694046,37.694438,37.694939,37.695217,37.695539,37.695839,37.69624,37.696455,37.696615,37.696635,37.696642,37.69665,37.69704,37.697269,37.697441,37.697641,37.697741,37.697963,37.698242,37.698342,37.698359,37.698368,37.698373,37.698381,37.698398,37.698435,37.698439,37.698442,37.698542,37.698553,37.698555,37.698643,37.69866,37.698664,37.698704,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698543,37.698543,37.698443,37.698343,37.698143,37.697843,37.697543,37.697243,37.696943,37.696754,37.696543,37.696343,37.696131,37.696043,37.695743,37.695177,37.695143,37.694743,37.694043,37.693443,37.693401,37.692943,37.692616,37.692243,37.691443,37.690843,37.690343,37.689743,37.689143,37.688743,37.688143,37.687757,37.687643,37.687502,37.68732,37.687137,37.687043,37.686643,37.686243,37.686015,37.685743,37.685543,37.685143,37.684943,37.684743,37.684443,37.684039,37.683943,37.683843,37.683743,37.683385,37.683143,37.682996,37.682643,37.682143,37.681643,37.681378,37.681347,37.681243,37.680843,37.680443,37.680268,37.680188,37.679843,37.679337,37.679242,37.678943,37.678643,37.678143,37.677943,37.677343,37.676943,37.676743,37.676443,37.676243,37.676043,37.675943,37.675709,37.675661,37.675643,37.675343,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.674943,37.674943,37.675032,37.675043,37.675043,37.674943,37.674914,37.674912,37.674843,37.674743,37.674543,37.674543,37.674343,37.674291,37.674243,37.674143,37.674043,37.673943,37.673843,37.673735,37.673635,37.673599,37.673555,37.673527,37.673523,37.673443,37.673143,37.672943,37.672843,37.672646,37.672637,37.672443,37.671938,37.671848,37.671793,37.671751,37.671728,37.671685,37.67165,37.671142,37.670644,37.670546,37.67051,37.670472,37.670242,37.670191,37.669042,37.668943,37.668876,37.668855,37.668844,37.668756,37.668733,37.668639,37.668192,37.667944,37.667343,37.666445,37.666066,37.665146,37.664344,37.664051,37.664018,37.663945,37.66324,37.662643,37.662441,37.66203,37.662008,37.661942,37.661856,37.661799,37.661681,37.661543,37.661366,37.661348,37.661144,37.661012,37.660749,37.660252,37.660045,37.659729,37.659629,37.659216,37.659081,37.658746,37.658608,37.65815,37.657908,37.657727,37.657528,37.657468,37.657369,37.657259,37.657083,37.657039,37.656957,37.65688,37.65683,37.656803,37.656709,37.656389,37.656374,37.656374,37.656112,37.65585,37.655206,37.655168,37.655148,37.654748,37.654448,37.654348,37.654048,37.653848,37.653461,37.653448,37.653415,37.653248,37.652647,37.652047,37.651647,37.651147,37.650547,37.650147,37.649646,37.649046,37.648893,37.648869,37.648646,37.648546,37.648446,37.648146,37.648101,37.648089,37.648081,37.647946,37.647846,37.647545,37.647345,37.647345,37.646945,37.646903,37.646895,37.646549,37.646508,37.646454,37.646296,37.646229,37.646045,37.645745,37.64565,37.645453,37.645244,37.644433,37.644391,37.644142,37.643844,37.643698,37.643678,37.643639,37.643241,37.64317,37.643128,37.642743,37.642343,37.641952,37.641943,37.641903,37.641843,37.641696,37.641644,37.641668,37.641689,37.641688,37.641657,37.641608,37.641543,37.641485,37.641306,37.641046,37.640912,37.640873,37.640853,37.640832,37.640642,37.640526,37.640262,37.640062,37.639755,37.63956,37.63956,37.639457,37.639068,37.63884,37.638583,37.638557,37.638536,37.63844,37.638259,37.638132,37.637935,37.637788,37.637772,37.637761,37.637739,37.637678,37.637615,37.637443,37.637044,37.636741,37.636703,37.636645,37.636646,37.636646,37.636546,37.636546,37.636345,37.636045,37.635944,37.635844,37.635637,37.635543,37.635386,37.635379,37.635214,37.635206,37.635143,37.634843,37.63481,37.634743,37.634666,37.634643,37.634609,37.634576,37.634443,37.634383,37.634362,37.634314,37.634293,37.634263,37.634218,37.634143,37.634138,37.634133,37.634077,37.633943,37.63395,37.63396,37.633968,37.633993,37.634043,37.633943,37.633943,37.633985,37.634004,37.634015,37.634024,37.634043,37.634043,37.634036,37.634035,37.63403,37.63401,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633876,37.633851,37.633845,37.633843,37.633842,37.633766,37.633742,37.633698,37.633696,37.633693,37.633691,37.633687,37.633679,37.633642,37.633616,37.633609,37.633542,37.633442,37.633342,37.633257,37.633243,37.633042,37.632442,37.632442,37.632242,37.632042,37.631942,37.63187,37.631742,37.631642,37.631542,37.631642,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.63175,37.631842,37.631918,37.631924,37.631926,37.631928,37.631942,37.631997,37.632019,37.632025,37.632027,37.632029,37.632042,37.632142,37.632209,37.632226,37.632229,37.632242,37.632276,37.632292,37.632442,37.632642,37.632842,37.633142,37.633542,37.633842,37.634242,37.634442,37.634542,37.634642,37.634742,37.634742,37.634792,37.634942,37.635042,37.635065,37.635088,37.635349,37.63561,37.635642,37.635907,37.635924,37.635942,37.635947,37.635952,37.636047,37.636142,37.636542,37.636942,37.636976,37.637006,37.637642,37.637818,37.637894,37.638442,37.638548,37.638559,37.638616,37.638673,37.638678,37.638744,37.638725,37.638539,37.638232,37.638194,37.638042,37.638045,37.638071,37.638073,37.638093,37.638097,37.638136,37.638197,37.6382,37.638226,37.63873,37.639733,37.640343,37.640378,37.640935,37.642038,37.642542,37.642588,37.642634,37.642638,37.642642,37.642518,37.642395,37.642384,37.642374,37.642342,37.642326,37.64218,37.642033,37.641942,37.641244,37.641236,37.641232,37.641214,37.641142,37.64044,37.639737,37.639671,37.639605,37.639542,37.637142,37.635817,37.635742,37.635688,37.63541,37.634642,37.634139,37.633642,37.632969,37.632742,37.631842,37.630642,37.630548,37.629442,37.627442,37.627229,37.627096,37.626964,37.625942,37.625242,37.624142,37.623342,37.622742,37.621742,37.621142,37.620442,37.619642,37.619176,37.619142,37.619002,37.618992,37.618623,37.618524,37.618287,37.617715,37.616869,37.616683,37.616589,37.616552,37.616342,37.61584,37.61544,37.61474,37.614575,37.61454,37.61404,37.61364,37.61264,37.61224,37.61174,37.61114,37.61074,37.610257,37.609854,37.60974,37.60934,37.609264,37.608741,37.608141,37.607341,37.606341,37.605741,37.604441,37.602744,37.602729,37.601741,37.600443,37.600395,37.600364,37.600108,37.599441,37.598941,37.598665,37.598655,37.598601,37.598529,37.598389,37.598344,37.598204,37.598198,37.598192,37.598177,37.59817,37.597641,37.597614,37.59757,37.597545,37.597523,37.597356,37.597241,37.597041,37.596741,37.596597,37.596042,37.595712,37.595564,37.595415,37.595342,37.595322,37.595264,37.594997,37.594838,37.594679,37.594642,37.594516,37.593242,37.591242,37.590542,37.59007,37.58943,37.58924,37.589147,37.588439,37.587932,37.5877,37.587539,37.586895,37.585863,37.585744,37.585455,37.583134,37.582996,37.582863,37.582682,37.582088,37.582042,37.5811,37.580942,37.580146,37.580042,37.579538,37.579042,37.578142,37.577893,37.577668,37.577442,37.577248,37.577052,37.577045,37.576582,37.576442,37.575642,37.575042,37.574342,37.574279,37.57391,37.573542,37.572742,37.572042,37.571752,37.571643,37.571592,37.571542,37.571149,37.570542,37.569742,37.568961,37.568942,37.568367,37.568152,37.568142,37.56792,37.5679,37.56788,37.567161,37.565559,37.564658,37.563643,37.563549,37.563538,37.563512,37.563497,37.563491,37.563233,37.563193,37.563181,37.563045,37.562214,37.562206,37.5622,37.562045,37.562,37.561996,37.561993,37.561948,37.561938,37.561931,37.561927,37.561654,37.561351,37.561198,37.56119,37.561156,37.56075,37.559822,37.55981,37.559748,37.559247,37.559004,37.558985,37.558046,37.556644,37.555543,37.555452,37.555041,37.554742,37.554668,37.554331,37.553942,37.553542,37.553409,37.553383,37.553359,37.553243,37.553108,37.552953,37.552742,37.552642,37.552642,37.552542,37.552446,37.55235,37.552242,37.551642,37.551433,37.551042,37.550846,37.550242,37.550157,37.550015,37.549873,37.549346,37.54915,37.548797,37.548748,37.548535,37.548496,37.548243,37.54793,37.547617,37.547242,37.545742,37.544442,37.544416,37.544343,37.544184,37.544026,37.543343,37.542775,37.541656,37.541304,37.540846,37.539754,37.539218,37.539047,37.538687,37.538629,37.538583,37.538477,37.538209,37.537989,37.537783,37.537743,37.5377,37.537342,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536898,37.536856,37.536845,37.536793,37.536789,37.53678,37.536735,37.536625,37.53657,37.536547,37.536544,37.536535,37.536507,37.536431,37.53642,37.536417,37.536409,37.536346,37.536214,37.536111,37.536108,37.536104,37.536083,37.536062,37.535852,37.535642,37.535642,37.535642,37.535742,37.535827,37.53594,37.535971,37.535973,37.535974,37.535976,37.535979,37.535987,37.536006,37.536041,37.536041,37.536054,37.536056,37.53606,37.536062,37.536064,37.536074,37.536101,37.536102,37.536104,37.536119,37.53614,37.536265,37.536269,37.536342,37.53643,37.536466,37.536491,37.536497,37.536575,37.536583,37.536589,37.536839,37.537139,37.537257,37.53726,37.537271,37.537282,37.537369,37.537424,37.537431,37.537538,37.537725,37.537746,37.537801,37.537856,37.537938,37.538022,37.53805,37.538119,37.538168,37.538171,37.538177,37.538338,37.538622,37.538628,37.538639,37.538647,37.538705,37.538712,37.538721,37.53883,37.538842,37.539041,37.539237,37.539299,37.539305,37.539358,37.539574,37.539789,37.539843,37.540103,37.540276,37.54043,37.540489,37.54049,37.540518,37.540669,37.540685,37.540827,37.54088,37.541213,37.54143,37.541513,37.541568,37.541743,37.541858,37.54188,37.542298,37.542338,37.542351,37.54236,37.542414,37.542945,37.542971,37.543173,37.543199,37.543235,37.543269,37.543319,37.543739,37.5438,37.543895,37.544168,37.544441,37.544674,37.544702,37.544716,37.544841,37.544952,37.545056,37.545094,37.5451,37.545113,37.54535,37.545415,37.54542,37.54544,37.545143,37.544906,37.54475,37.544742,37.54455,37.544448,37.544127,37.544109,37.543941,37.543357,37.54335,37.543269,37.543244,37.543234,37.543004,37.542999,37.542745,37.542631,37.542518,37.542476,37.542471,37.542433,37.542242,37.542243,37.54217,37.542162,37.542167,37.542154,37.54215,37.542142,37.542141,37.542141,37.542125,37.542109,37.542042,37.542073,37.542081,37.542084,37.542092,37.542102,37.54213,37.54231,37.542342,37.542486,37.542642,37.542842,37.543545,37.543603,37.543667,37.544179,37.544243,37.54434,37.544519,37.544539,37.544742,37.54488,37.544932,37.544945,37.545282,37.54532,37.545349,37.545422,37.545625,37.54604,37.546261,37.546335,37.5464,37.546435,37.546479,37.546685,37.547039,37.547337,37.547345,37.547361,37.54739,37.547521,37.547533,37.547539,37.547747,37.547854,37.547951,37.547993,37.548018,37.548443,37.54884,37.548849,37.548888,37.548945,37.548945,37.548944,37.548948,37.548949,37.548947,37.548926,37.548848,37.548748,37.5487,37.548666,37.548663,37.548614,37.548553,37.548546,37.548537,37.548532,37.548515,37.548488,37.548449,37.548373,37.548263,37.548175,37.548087,37.547912,37.547741,37.547642,37.547515,37.547444,37.547378,37.547296,37.547186,37.547076,37.546909,37.546883,37.546778,37.546765,37.546714,37.546691,37.546663,37.546423,37.546357,37.54633,37.546317,37.546308,37.546286,37.54628,37.546297,37.546595,37.546616,37.546682,37.546752,37.546759,37.546858,37.546984,37.547166,37.547468,37.547765,37.54804,37.548134,37.548359,37.548425,37.548475,37.548645,37.549167,37.549354,37.549601,37.54981,37.550018,37.550079,37.55015,37.550235,37.55027,37.550306,37.550348,37.550601,37.550661,37.550683,37.550683,37.550606,37.550524,37.550518,37.550402,37.550392,37.550276,37.550167,37.550112,37.549673,37.549277,37.549227,37.549206,37.549123,37.549073,37.549033,37.549021,37.548998,37.548805,37.548349,37.54785,37.547729,37.54747,37.547304,37.547246,37.547081,37.546944,37.546917,37.54685,37.546812,37.546795,37.546806,37.546828,37.546955,37.54712,37.547411,37.547559,37.547801,37.547988,37.548165,37.548334,37.548384,37.548417,37.548417,37.548413,37.5484,37.548362,37.548303,37.5483,37.548291,37.548214,37.548044,37.547923,37.547874,37.54783,37.547808,37.547794,37.54778,37.547764,37.547731,37.547605,37.547545,37.547484,37.547435,37.547352,37.547254,37.547072,37.546957,37.5469,37.546831,37.546786,37.546719,37.546661,37.546638,37.546625,37.54654,37.546445,37.546364,37.546331,37.546254,37.546193,37.546128,37.546029,37.545906,37.545529,37.545465,37.545444,37.545381,37.545079,37.545035,37.544969,37.544892,37.544749,37.544634,37.544557,37.544458,37.544404,37.544395,37.544385,37.544365,37.544348,37.54434,37.544338,37.544311,37.544267,37.544228,37.544173,37.544002,37.543955,37.543822,37.543778,37.543723,37.543646,37.543609,37.543569,37.543563,37.543559,37.543569,37.543586,37.543616,37.543647,37.543701,37.543712,37.543718,37.543723,37.543707,37.543691,37.543658,37.543597,37.543475,37.543328,37.543224,37.543185,37.543163,37.543131,37.543142,37.543147,37.54318,37.543241,37.54328,37.543426,37.543587,37.543658,37.543702,37.543713,37.543669,37.54366,37.543655,37.543647,37.543642,37.543659,37.543697,37.543774,37.543857,37.543956,37.543994,37.544269,37.544307,37.544406,37.544505,37.544587,37.544686,37.544939,37.544994,37.545054,37.545131,37.545235,37.545312,37.545411,37.545691,37.545955,37.54606,37.546153,37.546159,37.546181,37.546214,37.546252,37.546744,37.546804,37.546843,37.546857,37.546871,37.546937,37.547076,37.556522,37.556707,37.55798,37.558652,37.558676,37.558709,37.558754,37.558763,37.558779,37.558805,37.563903,37.564063,37.566833,37.568716,37.569625,37.569673,37.570109,37.573564,37.575671,37.576404,37.579319,37.579363,37.579898,37.579921,37.5812,37.581211,37.581226,37.581283,37.586869,37.587079,37.587982,37.588,37.58801,37.588262,37.589581,37.596891,37.599322,37.599788,37.600223,37.603706,37.603763,37.60382,37.603872,37.603923,37.607016,37.607839,37.611047,37.613748,37.61385,37.613862,37.613874,37.61396,37.6157,37.616045,37.616075,37.616692,37.617178,37.624546,37.624709,37.625383,37.625529,37.625542,37.625604,37.633349,37.634403,37.63457,37.634588,37.634683,37.634828,37.635168,37.63545,37.636627,37.636651,37.636847,37.6369,37.63694,37.638531,37.641227,37.647016,37.647048]}]],[[{"lng":[-79.172135,-79.172132,-79.172129,-79.172086,-79.172035,-79.171981,-79.171914,-79.171843,-79.171737,-79.171591,-79.171468,-79.171355,-79.171267,-79.171165,-79.171034,-79.17087,-79.170698,-79.170498,-79.170289,-79.170127,-79.169977,-79.169836,-79.169783,-79.16924,-79.168955,-79.168534,-79.168355,-79.168217,-79.167842,-79.167584,-79.167416,-79.167275,-79.167139,-79.167036,-79.166958,-79.166894,-79.166846,-79.166813,-79.166794,-79.166787,-79.166788,-79.166803,-79.166832,-79.166864,-79.166896,-79.166935,-79.166957,-79.166948,-79.166909,-79.166854,-79.166787,-79.166723,-79.166665,-79.166597,-79.166508,-79.166388,-79.166233,-79.166109,-79.165992,-79.165861,-79.165741,-79.165634,-79.165531,-79.165386,-79.165245,-79.165111,-79.165035,-79.164981,-79.164926,-79.164888,-79.164854,-79.164831,-79.164814,-79.164818,-79.164847,-79.164889,-79.164928,-79.164974,-79.165027,-79.165073,-79.165122,-79.16515,-79.165179,-79.165193,-79.165197,-79.165191,-79.165175,-79.165128,-79.165077,-79.165026,-79.164955,-79.164877,-79.164789,-79.164708,-79.164643,-79.164559,-79.16448,-79.164409,-79.164341,-79.164297,-79.164242,-79.16417,-79.164105,-79.164036,-79.163943,-79.163798,-79.163674,-79.163557,-79.163394,-79.163218,-79.163038,-79.162885,-79.162737,-79.16256,-79.162359,-79.16219,-79.162037,-79.161993,-79.161981,-79.161915,-79.161829,-79.161746,-79.161677,-79.161543,-79.161445,-79.161409,-79.161365,-79.161324,-79.161259,-79.161177,-79.161105,-79.161026,-79.160924,-79.160807,-79.16069,-79.160556,-79.160415,-79.160264,-79.16012,-79.16,-79.159859,-79.159749,-79.159642,-79.159549,-79.159474,-79.159398,-79.159295,-79.159179,-79.159043,-79.158888,-79.158736,-79.158629,-79.158529,-79.158436,-79.158343,-79.158181,-79.15812,-79.158075,-79.158032,-79.158016,-79.158017,-79.158021,-79.158047,-79.158103,-79.158163,-79.158226,-79.158307,-79.158381,-79.158447,-79.158517,-79.158604,-79.158716,-79.158852,-79.159022,-79.159162,-79.159311,-79.159451,-79.159576,-79.159702,-79.159827,-79.159959,-79.160091,-79.160164,-79.160224,-79.160259,-79.160274,-79.160271,-79.160248,-79.160214,-79.160166,-79.160098,-79.159978,-79.159878,-79.159769,-79.159659,-79.15956,-79.159468,-79.159358,-79.159238,-79.159104,-79.159002,-79.158913,-79.158803,-79.158727,-79.158655,-79.158583,-79.158462,-79.158321,-79.158155,-79.158066,-79.157986,-79.157907,-79.157827,-79.157748,-79.157721,-79.157774,-79.157886,-79.157952,-79.158022,-79.158105,-79.158199,-79.158321,-79.158457,-79.158571,-79.158697,-79.158815,-79.158922,-79.15903,-79.15918,-79.159309,-79.159399,-79.159498,-79.159598,-79.159733,-79.159796,-79.159907,-79.160022,-79.16013,-79.160152,-79.160114,-79.159979,-79.159865,-79.159795,-79.159699,-79.159585,-79.159454,-79.159326,-79.159222,-79.159129,-79.158964,-79.158802,-79.158667,-79.158526,-79.158365,-79.158206,-79.158089,-79.157984,-79.157899,-79.157824,-79.157756,-79.157708,-79.15766,-79.157582,-79.157469,-79.157379,-79.157304,-79.157228,-79.15717,-79.157112,-79.157064,-79.157019,-79.157002,-79.156992,-79.156983,-79.156981,-79.156991,-79.157009,-79.157056,-79.157104,-79.157181,-79.157251,-79.157321,-79.157374,-79.157416,-79.157454,-79.157483,-79.157494,-79.157478,-79.157458,-79.157438,-79.157404,-79.157329,-79.157229,-79.15713,-79.157027,-79.156913,-79.156758,-79.156565,-79.15641,-79.156251,-79.156099,-79.155947,-79.155803,-79.155675,-79.155544,-79.155396,-79.155231,-79.155097,-79.154963,-79.154856,-79.154757,-79.154674,-79.15461,-79.154568,-79.154547,-79.154537,-79.154531,-79.154536,-79.154554,-79.154562,-79.154595,-79.154616,-79.154645,-79.154694,-79.15474,-79.154789,-79.154856,-79.15494,-79.155017,-79.155094,-79.155219,-79.155512,-79.155675,-79.155814,-79.155985,-79.156159,-79.156311,-79.156451,-79.156604,-79.156732,-79.156844,-79.156896,-79.157003,-79.157135,-79.157267,-79.157372,-79.157455,-79.15754,-79.157596,-79.157618,-79.157636,-79.157683,-79.15776,-79.157838,-79.157915,-79.158006,-79.158067,-79.15821,-79.158298,-79.158348,-79.158442,-79.158557,-79.158675,-79.158742,-79.158794,-79.158843,-79.15891,-79.158973,-79.159026,-79.159051,-79.159058,-79.159049,-79.159036,-79.159023,-79.159002,-79.158987,-79.158963,-79.158948,-79.15887,-79.158777,-79.158715,-79.158632,-79.158521,-79.158335,-79.158197,-79.158072,-79.157948,-79.157821,-79.157721,-79.157635,-79.157545,-79.157446,-79.15737,-79.157312,-79.157268,-79.157217,-79.157205,-79.157202,-79.15719,-79.157123,-79.157089,-79.157066,-79.15705,-79.157037,-79.157031,-79.157032,-79.157016,-79.156964,-79.156889,-79.156797,-79.156718,-79.156642,-79.156567,-79.156491,-79.156419,-79.156378,-79.156351,-79.156345,-79.15636,-79.156381,-79.156402,-79.156424,-79.156442,-79.156453,-79.156405,-79.156343,-79.156258,-79.156192,-79.156117,-79.156024,-79.155917,-79.15582,-79.155744,-79.155654,-79.155537,-79.155406,-79.155302,-79.155205,-79.155057,-79.154905,-79.154764,-79.154678,-79.154596,-79.15451,-79.154407,-79.154339,-79.154271,-79.154192,-79.154103,-79.154004,-79.153936,-79.15386,-79.153757,-79.153654,-79.153561,-79.153467,-79.153395,-79.15333,-79.153279,-79.153186,-79.153135,-79.153119,-79.153134,-79.153166,-79.153205,-79.153241,-79.153283,-79.153333,-79.153396,-79.153435,-79.153452,-79.153488,-79.153499,-79.153493,-79.15347,-79.153436,-79.153428,-79.153389,-79.153327,-79.153235,-79.153149,-79.153095,-79.153082,-79.153083,-79.153101,-79.153126,-79.153155,-79.15319,-79.153218,-79.153233,-79.153226,-79.153196,-79.153159,-79.153111,-79.153015,-79.152912,-79.152823,-79.152748,-79.152641,-79.152493,-79.152314,-79.152169,-79.152024,-79.151865,-79.151703,-79.151555,-79.151448,-79.151334,-79.151183,-79.150993,-79.150834,-79.150692,-79.150661,-79.150523,-79.150306,-79.150189,-79.150037,-79.149903,-79.149757,-79.149607,-79.14949,-79.149391,-79.149264,-79.149247,-79.149158,-79.149053,-79.148971,-79.14889,-79.148794,-79.148712,-79.148638,-79.148569,-79.148518,-79.148457,-79.148378,-79.148264,-79.148133,-79.147972,-79.147962,-79.147782,-79.147638,-79.147497,-79.147342,-79.14718,-79.147043,-79.146926,-79.146785,-79.146582,-79.146457,-79.146353,-79.146229,-79.146083,-79.145942,-79.145814,-79.145662,-79.145521,-79.145374,-79.145219,-79.145103,-79.145004,-79.144915,-79.144795,-79.144717,-79.14459,-79.144473,-79.144388,-79.144351,-79.144332,-79.144336,-79.144354,-79.144373,-79.14439,-79.144456,-79.144526,-79.144603,-79.144694,-79.144781,-79.144854,-79.144924,-79.144958,-79.145029,-79.145085,-79.145131,-79.145063,-79.14493,-79.144841,-79.144776,-79.144704,-79.144621,-79.144528,-79.144454,-79.144329,-79.144229,-79.144133,-79.144051,-79.143997,-79.143963,-79.143947,-79.143958,-79.143987,-79.144002,-79.144027,-79.144072,-79.144142,-79.144223,-79.144296,-79.144314,-79.144325,-79.144374,-79.144444,-79.144521,-79.144621,-79.144736,-79.144875,-79.145032,-79.145164,-79.145299,-79.145439,-79.145554,-79.145662,-79.145804,-79.146,-79.146206,-79.146355,-79.146495,-79.146651,-79.14678,-79.146892,-79.146999,-79.147135,-79.147278,-79.147424,-79.14751,-79.147604,-79.147715,-79.147736,-79.147816,-79.147899,-79.147979,-79.148076,-79.148175,-79.148256,-79.148389,-79.148517,-79.148632,-79.148699,-79.148741,-79.14878,-79.148843,-79.148909,-79.148962,-79.149015,-79.149058,-79.149097,-79.149108,-79.149126,-79.149151,-79.149176,-79.149205,-79.149254,-79.149346,-79.149428,-79.149481,-79.149553,-79.149653,-79.14972,-79.149779,-79.149836,-79.149892,-79.149961,-79.150005,-79.150057,-79.150137,-79.150249,-79.150364,-79.150455,-79.150556,-79.150667,-79.150803,-79.15091,-79.151027,-79.151149,-79.151277,-79.151378,-79.151455,-79.151508,-79.151537,-79.151524,-79.151504,-79.151467,-79.151392,-79.151292,-79.151196,-79.151114,-79.151038,-79.150966,-79.150877,-79.150757,-79.150496,-79.150289,-79.150048,-79.149825,-79.149628,-79.14945,-79.149277,-79.149095,-79.148901,-79.148755,-79.148628,-79.148469,-79.148409,-79.148338,-79.148204,-79.148076,-79.147959,-79.147827,-79.147773,-79.147668,-79.147488,-79.147333,-79.147317,-79.147305,-79.147183,-79.147031,-79.146949,-79.146904,-79.146805,-79.146716,-79.146651,-79.146601,-79.146564,-79.146537,-79.146548,-79.14658,-79.146623,-79.146661,-79.146719,-79.146749,-79.146809,-79.146883,-79.146949,-79.147033,-79.147156,-79.147271,-79.147376,-79.147459,-79.14755,-79.147662,-79.147767,-79.147854,-79.147948,-79.147997,-79.148095,-79.148172,-79.148141,-79.148011,-79.147911,-79.147814,-79.147721,-79.147621,-79.147528,-79.147119,-79.146903,-79.1468,-79.146704,-79.146621,-79.146552,-79.146498,-79.146457,-79.146431,-79.146418,-79.146412,-79.146413,-79.146407,-79.146393,-79.146377,-79.146346,-79.146323,-79.146303,-79.146314,-79.146339,-79.146371,-79.146413,-79.146486,-79.146556,-79.146601,-79.146602,-79.146581,-79.146554,-79.146483,-79.14665,-79.146788,-79.146894,-79.146964,-79.147062,-79.14718,-79.147271,-79.147344,-79.147428,-79.147543,-79.147612,-79.147692,-79.147786,-79.14789,-79.147983,-79.148111,-79.148212,-79.148334,-79.148372,-79.148423,-79.14851,-79.148607,-79.148701,-79.148768,-79.148837,-79.148941,-79.149073,-79.149247,-79.149382,-79.149515,-79.149705,-79.149896,-79.150048,-79.150139,-79.150253,-79.150382,-79.150458,-79.150527,-79.15059,-79.150688,-79.150765,-79.150776,-79.150791,-79.150817,-79.150825,-79.150836,-79.15084,-79.150868,-79.150932,-79.151009,-79.151086,-79.151169,-79.15126,-79.151351,-79.151435,-79.151509,-79.151557,-79.151616,-79.151676,-79.151721,-79.15176,-79.151788,-79.151806,-79.151814,-79.151825,-79.151822,-79.151802,-79.151788,-79.151765,-79.151721,-79.151673,-79.151615,-79.151539,-79.151475,-79.15142,-79.151396,-79.151376,-79.151353,-79.151326,-79.15133,-79.151349,-79.151395,-79.15144,-79.151496,-79.151548,-79.151604,-79.151671,-79.15174,-79.151852,-79.151963,-79.152092,-79.152186,-79.152266,-79.152349,-79.152419,-79.152485,-79.152569,-79.152622,-79.152645,-79.152661,-79.152668,-79.152658,-79.152642,-79.152615,-79.152557,-79.152462,-79.152376,-79.152298,-79.152178,-79.152059,-79.151974,-79.151853,-79.151775,-79.151697,-79.151615,-79.151558,-79.151551,-79.151514,-79.151474,-79.151441,-79.151404,-79.151377,-79.151358,-79.151338,-79.151333,-79.151331,-79.151335,-79.151347,-79.151362,-79.151394,-79.151437,-79.151486,-79.151553,-79.151618,-79.151655,-79.151707,-79.151721,-79.151767,-79.151837,-79.151868,-79.15191,-79.15739,-79.156074,-79.154742,-79.153858,-79.153115,-79.152557,-79.151804,-79.151245,-79.15094,-79.150635,-79.150362,-79.149997,-79.149836,-79.149533,-79.148877,-79.14853,-79.148051,-79.147675,-79.147473,-79.147494,-79.147569,-79.147494,-79.147179,-79.146639,-79.146529,-79.146411,-79.146399,-79.145936,-79.144257,-79.143461,-79.14224,-79.141199,-79.141153,-79.139495,-79.13907,-79.138504,-79.13832,-79.137467,-79.136911,-79.136382,-79.136142,-79.135754,-79.135734,-79.135656,-79.135643,-79.135408,-79.13538,-79.134962,-79.134913,-79.134002,-79.133097,-79.130494,-79.130255,-79.129917,-79.129576,-79.129352,-79.128405,-79.128158,-79.12779,-79.12753,-79.127315,-79.126656,-79.125877,-79.124751,-79.123308,-79.122698,-79.12222,-79.12205,-79.121853,-79.121685,-79.121645,-79.121485,-79.121186,-79.121027,-79.120767,-79.120518,-79.119692,-79.11875,-79.118618,-79.118283,-79.117401,-79.117369,-79.117335,-79.117316,-79.117306,-79.116967,-79.11631,-79.116295,-79.116284,-79.116269,-79.116219,-79.116086,-79.115829,-79.115802,-79.11561,-79.114975,-79.114762,-79.114749,-79.114723,-79.114026,-79.111642,-79.111629,-79.111555,-79.110193,-79.109279,-79.10869,-79.107916,-79.107226,-79.106932,-79.106496,-79.106057,-79.105948,-79.10518,-79.104601,-79.10448,-79.104306,-79.103563,-79.103065,-79.102168,-79.101301,-79.100246,-79.099674,-79.099675,-79.099734,-79.099745,-79.099273,-79.099232,-79.099227,-79.099214,-79.099209,-79.099173,-79.099141,-79.099121,-79.099093,-79.098904,-79.098271,-79.09754,-79.096279,-79.094102,-79.093136,-79.091223,-79.089951,-79.089609,-79.089235,-79.08863,-79.088129,-79.087708,-79.087378,-79.087331,-79.087319,-79.087307,-79.087123,-79.08672,-79.086674,-79.086597,-79.086578,-79.086337,-79.08602,-79.085756,-79.085714,-79.085631,-79.084455,-79.083525,-79.082069,-79.082046,-79.082035,-79.082019,-79.082005,-79.081995,-79.081912,-79.081724,-79.080357,-79.079706,-79.079163,-79.078307,-79.077565,-79.077263,-79.076887,-79.076401,-79.076006,-79.075719,-79.075039,-79.073856,-79.073666,-79.073572,-79.072414,-79.07087,-79.070149,-79.069408,-79.069113,-79.068848,-79.068451,-79.067627,-79.066915,-79.066252,-79.06561,-79.064703,-79.063807,-79.062952,-79.062454,-79.062283,-79.061957,-79.061704,-79.061259,-79.060002,-79.058378,-79.057547,-79.057183,-79.056808,-79.055873,-79.054429,-79.053138,-79.052529,-79.052255,-79.052266,-79.052348,-79.052483,-79.052233,-79.051789,-79.051486,-79.051449,-79.051364,-79.050985,-79.050558,-79.050342,-79.050222,-79.049851,-79.049741,-79.049713,-79.049511,-79.049706,-79.050182,-79.049807,-79.049269,-79.047666,-79.046449,-79.045688,-79.045517,-79.045144,-79.044919,-79.044801,-79.04468,-79.044602,-79.044645,-79.044525,-79.044436,-79.044653,-79.044628,-79.044588,-79.044552,-79.044329,-79.044089,-79.04381,-79.042986,-79.041777,-79.039633,-79.037824,-79.036826,-79.036537,-79.035871,-79.034927,-79.033404,-79.032844,-79.032572,-79.032286,-79.032169,-79.031412,-79.03062,-79.02996,-79.028283,-79.02748,-79.027136,-79.026652,-79.026167,-79.02555,-79.024219,-79.023574,-79.022756,-79.022374,-79.021943,-79.021791,-79.02168,-79.021636,-79.021442,-79.021184,-79.02116,-79.020213,-79.020201,-79.020183,-79.019654,-79.019597,-79.019577,-79.019557,-79.019541,-79.019519,-79.018815,-79.017586,-79.017225,-79.017276,-79.017532,-79.017573,-79.017624,-79.017352,-79.017012,-79.0169,-79.016836,-79.016714,-79.016676,-79.016334,-79.016388,-79.016491,-79.016472,-79.015976,-79.014457,-79.012833,-79.012777,-79.012299,-79.011093,-79.010136,-79.010117,-79.010099,-79.010028,-79.009855,-79.009429,-79.008952,-79.008396,-79.008082,-79.007564,-79.007378,-79.007107,-79.006762,-79.006428,-79.00579,-79.005129,-79.004599,-79.002997,-79.002416,-79.001897,-79.001033,-79.000789,-79.000421,-78.999747,-78.999647,-78.999413,-78.999272,-78.999051,-78.99886,-78.99876,-78.998447,-78.997946,-78.997647,-78.997419,-78.997154,-78.996912,-78.996584,-78.996078,-78.995931,-78.995777,-78.995587,-78.99533,-78.995086,-78.994692,-78.994015,-78.993522,-78.992864,-78.992724,-78.992513,-78.992342,-78.992212,-78.992177,-78.992126,-78.992078,-78.992031,-78.991973,-78.99184,-78.991753,-78.991618,-78.991472,-78.991346,-78.991201,-78.99029,-78.990141,-78.990094,-78.990046,-78.989946,-78.989821,-78.989713,-78.989484,-78.989329,-78.989168,-78.989036,-78.988935,-78.988814,-78.988552,-78.988466,-78.98838,-78.988067,-78.987733,-78.987469,-78.987399,-78.987347,-78.987268,-78.98721,-78.987232,-78.987214,-78.987221,-78.987237,-78.987248,-78.987276,-78.987313,-78.987246,-78.986614,-78.986281,-78.986268,-78.985578,-78.985561,-78.985495,-78.985157,-78.985159,-78.98521,-78.985241,-78.985246,-78.985224,-78.985184,-78.985146,-78.98508,-78.985032,-78.984979,-78.984885,-78.984744,-78.984589,-78.984471,-78.984347,-78.983991,-78.983794,-78.983605,-78.983349,-78.982593,-78.981908,-78.981076,-78.980835,-78.980677,-78.980557,-78.980245,-78.979977,-78.979796,-78.979647,-78.979454,-78.979261,-78.979146,-78.979029,-78.978548,-78.978071,-78.977926,-78.977742,-78.977594,-78.977456,-78.977324,-78.977205,-78.977099,-78.977024,-78.976941,-78.976874,-78.976806,-78.976732,-78.976637,-78.976544,-78.97646,-78.976304,-78.976158,-78.976034,-78.975875,-78.975745,-78.975613,-78.973858,-78.973032,-78.972651,-78.972559,-78.972468,-78.972421,-78.972366,-78.972232,-78.972087,-78.971856,-78.971812,-78.97149,-78.970452,-78.970348,-78.970261,-78.97019,-78.970123,-78.97008,-78.97004,-78.970022,-78.970015,-78.970022,-78.970046,-78.970096,-78.970162,-78.970797,-78.97143,-78.972175,-78.972245,-78.972317,-78.972371,-78.972418,-78.972433,-78.972429,-78.972408,-78.972378,-78.972318,-78.972258,-78.972228,-78.972122,-78.971999,-78.971897,-78.971812,-78.971786,-78.971756,-78.971745,-78.971753,-78.971779,-78.971831,-78.971882,-78.971948,-78.972051,-78.972166,-78.972296,-78.972399,-78.972647,-78.973006,-78.973158,-78.973289,-78.973406,-78.973523,-78.973534,-78.973598,-78.973655,-78.973704,-78.973746,-78.97377,-78.973775,-78.973763,-78.973653,-78.973569,-78.973502,-78.973383,-78.97335,-78.97331,-78.973224,-78.97317,-78.973128,-78.973067,-78.973056,-78.97299,-78.972883,-78.972782,-78.972692,-78.972438,-78.97215,-78.972079,-78.971974,-78.971883,-78.971807,-78.971734,-78.971714,-78.971666,-78.971643,-78.971637,-78.971631,-78.971603,-78.971572,-78.971569,-78.971584,-78.97162,-78.971632,-78.971624,-78.971604,-78.971565,-78.971508,-78.971374,-78.971048,-78.970858,-78.970719,-78.970548,-78.970438,-78.970313,-78.970175,-78.970029,-78.969994,-78.969779,-78.969402,-78.968914,-78.968531,-78.968373,-78.96832,-78.967821,-78.967783,-78.967349,-78.967268,-78.966861,-78.966445,-78.96609,-78.965697,-78.965384,-78.965142,-78.964635,-78.964421,-78.964261,-78.964105,-78.963984,-78.963837,-78.963743,-78.963559,-78.963421,-78.96329,-78.963138,-78.963006,-78.962759,-78.962541,-78.962445,-78.962257,-78.962053,-78.961909,-78.961719,-78.961516,-78.961347,-78.961129,-78.960929,-78.960903,-78.960237,-78.960058,-78.959838,-78.959668,-78.959436,-78.959081,-78.959039,-78.958917,-78.958869,-78.958718,-78.95868,-78.958598,-78.958519,-78.958445,-78.958293,-78.958144,-78.957864,-78.957298,-78.957197,-78.956858,-78.956441,-78.956082,-78.954957,-78.954345,-78.954085,-78.953825,-78.953566,-78.953404,-78.953138,-78.952876,-78.952548,-78.951993,-78.95144,-78.951218,-78.950816,-78.950308,-78.950165,-78.949304,-78.949073,-78.948656,-78.946508,-78.945633,-78.944339,-78.943861,-78.943536,-78.943201,-78.942873,-78.942401,-78.942083,-78.941969,-78.941737,-78.941442,-78.941181,-78.940989,-78.940645,-78.940363,-78.939956,-78.939418,-78.939175,-78.938953,-78.93873,-78.93863,-78.937845,-78.937396,-78.937157,-78.936913,-78.936705,-78.936328,-78.935947,-78.935564,-78.935295,-78.935047,-78.934421,-78.934101,-78.932954,-78.932473,-78.931879,-78.930442,-78.929112,-78.928045,-78.927884,-78.926877,-78.926689,-78.925105,-78.924487,-78.924418,-78.923728,-78.922815,-78.922321,-78.922094,-78.921807,-78.920058,-78.918534,-78.918059,-78.917838,-78.917579,-78.91737,-78.917169,-78.917052,-78.916777,-78.916304,-78.91604,-78.914544,-78.913675,-78.91255,-78.912258,-78.911326,-78.911021,-78.910605,-78.910433,-78.910194,-78.909402,-78.908961,-78.908775,-78.907747,-78.907536,-78.907334,-78.907061,-78.906484,-78.90624,-78.906059,-78.905719,-78.905242,-78.90502,-78.904849,-78.904094,-78.902267,-78.902018,-78.901201,-78.901054,-78.900186,-78.89999,-78.899806,-78.899522,-78.899436,-78.899371,-78.899235,-78.898962,-78.898932,-78.898508,-78.898076,-78.897765,-78.897624,-78.897374,-78.897248,-78.896729,-78.896424,-78.896174,-78.89478,-78.894409,-78.893228,-78.892516,-78.890542,-78.889996,-78.889757,-78.889259,-78.888983,-78.888633,-78.888416,-78.88828,-78.887483,-78.887163,-78.886926,-78.8867,-78.886303,-78.885756,-78.885476,-78.885242,-78.884869,-78.884517,-78.884193,-78.8841,-78.88397,-78.883724,-78.883487,-78.883331,-78.883082,-78.882945,-78.882717,-78.882289,-78.88197,-78.881683,-78.880649,-78.879986,-78.879185,-78.878456,-78.878035,-78.87785,-78.877564,-78.877504,-78.877292,-78.877001,-78.876607,-78.876496,-78.876399,-78.87627,-78.875928,-78.875503,-78.874922,-78.874848,-78.873665,-78.873444,-78.871959,-78.870998,-78.870466,-78.870375,-78.870324,-78.870289,-78.870272,-78.870268,-78.870282,-78.870314,-78.870345,-78.870362,-78.87045,-78.870457,-78.870541,-78.870569,-78.870574,-78.870582,-78.870576,-78.870546,-78.870444,-78.870401,-78.870273,-78.870223,-78.869645,-78.869142,-78.868479,-78.868085,-78.867968,-78.867654,-78.867549,-78.867476,-78.867408,-78.867392,-78.867369,-78.867338,-78.86731,-78.867285,-78.867103,-78.867004,-78.866972,-78.866948,-78.866936,-78.866965,-78.867007,-78.867043,-78.867083,-78.867148,-78.867212,-78.867247,-78.867855,-78.867944,-78.868021,-78.868084,-78.868195,-78.868385,-78.868414,-78.868421,-78.868412,-78.868399,-78.868362,-78.868234,-78.867962,-78.867903,-78.867705,-78.867407,-78.867302,-78.867288,-78.867255,-78.867054,-78.866982,-78.866919,-78.86673,-78.866681,-78.866667,-78.866531,-78.86647,-78.866392,-78.866011,-78.865323,-78.864893,-78.864807,-78.864765,-78.864715,-78.864665,-78.864637,-78.864491,-78.864429,-78.864352,-78.864281,-78.86419,-78.864091,-78.863963,-78.863876,-78.863036,-78.861588,-78.860908,-78.860652,-78.860102,-78.858483,-78.85805,-78.857908,-78.857798,-78.857744,-78.857437,-78.856811,-78.856173,-78.855633,-78.85537,-78.85496,-78.854087,-78.853449,-78.852806,-78.85265,-78.852418,-78.852216,-78.851896,-78.851441,-78.851203,-78.850896,-78.85069,-78.850436,-78.850221,-78.850048,-78.849792,-78.849537,-78.849241,-78.849009,-78.84878,-78.848603,-78.848465,-78.848338,-78.848224,-78.84811,-78.847945,-78.847868,-78.847797,-78.847718,-78.847611,-78.847524,-78.847414,-78.847326,-78.847219,-78.847117,-78.847041,-78.84695,-78.846872,-78.846832,-78.846665,-78.846479,-78.846338,-78.846179,-78.845959,-78.845655,-78.845551,-78.845408,-78.845254,-78.84508,-78.844894,-78.8447,-78.8445,-78.844368,-78.844197,-78.842678,-78.842471,-78.842337,-78.842087,-78.841698,-78.841579,-78.84116,-78.840491,-78.839899,-78.839229,-78.83876,-78.838664,-78.837772,-78.837619,-78.837466,-78.837315,-78.837151,-78.836994,-78.836875,-78.836513,-78.836278,-78.836128,-78.835967,-78.835831,-78.8357,-78.835538,-78.8354,-78.835313,-78.835199,-78.835112,-78.835036,-78.834973,-78.834952,-78.834796,-78.834594,-78.834414,-78.83414,-78.833997,-78.833917,-78.833826,-78.833727,-78.833644,-78.833526,-78.833387,-78.833277,-78.833038,-78.832959,-78.832894,-78.832794,-78.832699,-78.832613,-78.832539,-78.832479,-78.832421,-78.832377,-78.832332,-78.832305,-78.832256,-78.832206,-78.832148,-78.832066,-78.831947,-78.831593,-78.831525,-78.831389,-78.831251,-78.83115,-78.831072,-78.830979,-78.830904,-78.830793,-78.830694,-78.830595,-78.830506,-78.830373,-78.830274,-78.830264,-78.83024,-78.830206,-78.830171,-78.830148,-78.830128,-78.830127,-78.830165,-78.830173,-78.830168,-78.830141,-78.830132,-78.830084,-78.830051,-78.829997,-78.829957,-78.829877,-78.829802,-78.829671,-78.82953,-78.829315,-78.829203,-78.829085,-78.828961,-78.828804,-78.828665,-78.828274,-78.827893,-78.827656,-78.827292,-78.827054,-78.826496,-78.826312,-78.826003,-78.825749,-78.825635,-78.825518,-78.825341,-78.82514,-78.824993,-78.82492,-78.824851,-78.824789,-78.82472,-78.824662,-78.824618,-78.824583,-78.824555,-78.824545,-78.824554,-78.82461,-78.824621,-78.82461,-78.824597,-78.824542,-78.824485,-78.8244,-78.824299,-78.824215,-78.824105,-78.824003,-78.823931,-78.823873,-78.823783,-78.823691,-78.823555,-78.823037,-78.822915,-78.822797,-78.821154,-78.821054,-78.820928,-78.820829,-78.820518,-78.820438,-78.819931,-78.819828,-78.819627,-78.819333,-78.81919,-78.819054,-78.818918,-78.818794,-78.818647,-78.818465,-78.818281,-78.818082,-78.817841,-78.817383,-78.816948,-78.816536,-78.816282,-78.816232,-78.815623,-78.815462,-78.814439,-78.813821,-78.813495,-78.813244,-78.812963,-78.81281,-78.812647,-78.812551,-78.812446,-78.812325,-78.812264,-78.812205,-78.812172,-78.812148,-78.812145,-78.81182,-78.811602,-78.811195,-78.811024,-78.810759,-78.810603,-78.810426,-78.810313,-78.810035,-78.809713,-78.809545,-78.809347,-78.809197,-78.809023,-78.808884,-78.808732,-78.808624,-78.808394,-78.808156,-78.807903,-78.807765,-78.807652,-78.807539,-78.80732,-78.806986,-78.806619,-78.806436,-78.80626,-78.806158,-78.805939,-78.805771,-78.805406,-78.805237,-78.805143,-78.805048,-78.804945,-78.804883,-78.80456,-78.8044,-78.804297,-78.804199,-78.803877,-78.803703,-78.803663,-78.803644,-78.803642,-78.803652,-78.803652,-78.803671,-78.803671,-78.803652,-78.803614,-78.803556,-78.803518,-78.803482,-78.80345,-78.803429,-78.803412,-78.803388,-78.803315,-78.803283,-78.803259,-78.803255,-78.803268,-78.803308,-78.803394,-78.803418,-78.803424,-78.803412,-78.803382,-78.803323,-78.803248,-78.803168,-78.803076,-78.802973,-78.802903,-78.802854,-78.80271,-78.802574,-78.802484,-78.802412,-78.802385,-78.802343,-78.802316,-78.802293,-78.802288,-78.802345,-78.802359,-78.802354,-78.802324,-78.802258,-78.802191,-78.802154,-78.802088,-78.801967,-78.801919,-78.80189,-78.801833,-78.801799,-78.801788,-78.801801,-78.801878,-78.80193,-78.801958,-78.801987,-78.801993,-78.801981,-78.801952,-78.801907,-78.801847,-78.801759,-78.801723,-78.801704,-78.801707,-78.801726,-78.801725,-78.801708,-78.801687,-78.801656,-78.801576,-78.801467,-78.801282,-78.80115,-78.800992,-78.800875,-78.800618,-78.800504,-78.800416,-78.80036,-78.800317,-78.800308,-78.800286,-78.800253,-78.800234,-78.80053,-78.80083,-78.804012,-78.80503,-78.805184,-78.806302,-78.806691,-78.807,-78.807297,-78.807589,-78.807811,-78.808089,-78.808311,-78.808527,-78.808807,-78.809029,-78.809276,-78.809573,-78.809727,-78.80993,-78.810246,-78.810498,-78.810704,-78.810966,-78.811288,-78.81145,-78.81172,-78.81199,-78.812222,-78.812538,-78.812814,-78.813208,-78.813689,-78.814222,-78.815125,-78.815792,-78.816136,-78.816677,-78.817098,-78.817527,-78.817789,-78.818085,-78.818384,-78.818686,-78.818989,-78.819239,-78.819559,-78.819682,-78.819729,-78.81988,-78.819978,-78.82006,-78.820219,-78.82066,-78.820977,-78.821859,-78.822603,-78.823103,-78.824189,-78.824463,-78.824729,-78.824897,-78.825103,-78.825211,-78.825276,-78.825481,-78.825635,-78.825848,-78.826324,-78.826636,-78.82681,-78.827033,-78.827219,-78.827359,-78.82744,-78.827736,-78.828248,-78.828553,-78.828845,-78.829353,-78.829526,-78.829687,-78.83077,-78.831013,-78.831293,-78.831568,-78.831919,-78.833208,-78.833724,-78.833853,-78.834478,-78.834803,-78.834924,-78.83504,-78.835272,-78.835352,-78.835504,-78.835829,-78.836111,-78.836259,-78.836436,-78.836731,-78.837053,-78.837204,-78.837407,-78.837849,-78.838147,-78.838386,-78.838766,-78.839049,-78.839408,-78.839772,-78.840114,-78.840635,-78.841255,-78.843809,-78.844287,-78.845198,-78.845641,-78.846263,-78.846503,-78.848637,-78.850085,-78.850652,-78.850729,-78.85085,-78.851048,-78.851515,-78.851981,-78.852362,-78.853389,-78.853694,-78.854965,-78.855262,-78.85561,-78.855693,-78.856635,-78.856997,-78.857273,-78.85772,-78.858068,-78.85833,-78.858494,-78.860043,-78.860331,-78.861378,-78.861494,-78.861625,-78.861741,-78.861841,-78.861924,-78.861998,-78.862013,-78.86204,-78.862072,-78.862086,-78.862056,-78.862007,-78.861971,-78.861919,-78.861878,-78.861844,-78.861837,-78.861827,-78.861828,-78.861846,-78.861883,-78.861909,-78.861989,-78.862007,-78.862199,-78.862275,-78.86248,-78.862701,-78.86295,-78.863117,-78.863269,-78.863641,-78.863846,-78.864035,-78.8642,-78.864349,-78.864482,-78.864619,-78.864927,-78.865164,-78.865457,-78.865703,-78.866066,-78.86633,-78.86644,-78.866497,-78.866747,-78.866889,-78.867042,-78.867156,-78.867185,-78.867364,-78.867434,-78.867497,-78.868067,-78.868224,-78.868399,-78.868643,-78.868889,-78.869033,-78.869197,-78.869391,-78.869556,-78.869696,-78.870006,-78.870207,-78.870232,-78.870334,-78.870355,-78.870356,-78.870337,-78.870299,-78.870244,-78.870127,-78.869793,-78.869743,-78.86966,-78.869567,-78.869491,-78.869423,-78.869395,-78.8694,-78.869424,-78.869502,-78.869558,-78.869634,-78.869743,-78.869831,-78.870009,-78.870285,-78.870389,-78.870432,-78.870975,-78.87129,-78.871552,-78.871971,-78.872239,-78.87242,-78.872862,-78.873052,-78.873528,-78.873696,-78.873789,-78.873994,-78.874328,-78.874501,-78.874932,-78.875458,-78.875703,-78.875786,-78.876061,-78.876192,-78.876378,-78.876626,-78.876891,-78.876998,-78.877277,-78.877571,-78.877848,-78.878401,-78.879414,-78.879564,-78.879743,-78.880019,-78.880834,-78.882051,-78.882882,-78.884042,-78.884605,-78.885356,-78.885622,-78.885899,-78.8861,-78.886162,-78.886534,-78.887135,-78.887216,-78.887277,-78.887504,-78.887675,-78.887876,-78.888267,-78.888513,-78.888623,-78.888946,-78.889217,-78.889504,-78.889796,-78.890099,-78.890353,-78.890539,-78.890701,-78.891011,-78.891075,-78.891154,-78.891316,-78.891508,-78.891615,-78.891809,-78.891874,-78.892264,-78.892395,-78.892653,-78.892725,-78.892829,-78.892951,-78.893101,-78.893208,-78.893951,-78.894224,-78.89492,-78.895376,-78.895863,-78.896087,-78.896755,-78.897029,-78.897326,-78.897785,-78.89823,-78.898396,-78.898424,-78.898501,-78.898619,-78.898749,-78.898838,-78.899008,-78.89922,-78.899406,-78.899467,-78.899716,-78.900004,-78.900079,-78.900222,-78.900394,-78.900601,-78.900736,-78.900791,-78.90093,-78.901102,-78.901207,-78.901372,-78.901704,-78.902055,-78.902455,-78.902528,-78.903337,-78.904033,-78.904525,-78.90491,-78.905314,-78.905705,-78.907284,-78.907709,-78.907898,-78.908223,-78.908344,-78.908565,-78.908844,-78.90939,-78.910226,-78.912967,-78.913675,-78.914179,-78.91455,-78.914912,-78.915274,-78.915324,-78.915211,-78.91508,-78.914948,-78.914886,-78.914831,-78.914803,-78.914803,-78.914845,-78.914942,-78.915039,-78.915108,-78.915247,-78.915267,-78.915295,-78.915378,-78.915627,-78.915668,-78.915786,-78.915835,-78.915959,-78.916056,-78.916097,-78.91609,-78.916194,-78.916201,-78.91625,-78.916284,-78.916437,-78.916485,-78.916658,-78.91672,-78.916769,-78.916762,-78.916672,-78.916638,-78.916569,-78.916728,-78.91688,-78.91715,-78.917203,-78.917696,-78.917924,-78.918021,-78.918097,-78.918139,-78.918125,-78.918111,-78.918188,-78.918218,-78.918298,-78.918582,-78.919059,-78.919218,-78.919301,-78.919363,-78.919412,-78.919412,-78.91935,-78.919357,-78.919454,-78.919557,-78.919772,-78.919834,-78.919972,-78.920083,-78.920159,-78.920712,-78.920933,-78.921078,-78.921141,-78.921203,-78.921625,-78.92177,-78.921894,-78.92215,-78.922254,-78.922516,-78.922703,-78.922772,-78.922952,-78.923408,-78.923595,-78.923961,-78.924203,-78.9245,-78.924742,-78.92504,-78.925178,-78.925399,-78.925454,-78.92551,-78.925546,-78.925627,-78.92569,-78.92578,-78.925807,-78.926056,-78.926257,-78.926713,-78.926913,-78.927072,-78.927107,-78.927141,-78.927301,-78.927197,-78.927197,-78.92713,-78.927059,-78.926769,-78.926672,-78.926679,-78.926707,-78.926741,-78.927094,-78.927212,-78.927281,-78.927357,-78.927426,-78.927675,-78.928227,-78.928393,-78.928642,-78.928725,-78.928787,-78.928877,-78.928925,-78.928953,-78.929043,-78.929084,-78.929153,-78.929312,-78.930225,-78.930397,-78.930529,-78.930591,-78.930619,-78.930625,-78.930612,-78.930473,-78.930453,-78.930487,-78.930529,-78.930605,-78.930805,-78.931648,-78.931828,-78.932132,-78.932298,-78.932775,-78.932941,-78.933176,-78.933265,-78.933459,-78.933535,-78.933646,-78.933984,-78.93406,-78.934157,-78.934205,-78.934426,-78.934502,-78.934551,-78.934572,-78.934551,-78.934558,-78.934613,-78.93473,-78.934896,-78.934917,-78.934882,-78.934896,-78.934965,-78.934958,-78.93491,-78.934717,-78.934599,-78.934481,-78.934178,-78.934067,-78.934008,-78.936692,-78.937621,-78.939255,-78.939604,-78.940952,-78.943554,-78.944158,-78.944481,-78.944947,-78.946281,-78.946748,-78.948069,-78.948641,-78.948734,-78.948789,-78.948832,-78.948952,-78.949677,-78.950231,-78.95051,-78.950947,-78.951135,-78.951258,-78.951494,-78.953188,-78.953264,-78.953739,-78.954173,-78.954376,-78.954613,-78.954862,-78.955573,-78.955687,-78.955739,-78.955973,-78.956096,-78.956218,-78.956797,-78.957547,-78.957709,-78.957744,-78.958402,-78.95862,-78.958766,-78.958824,-78.958902,-78.958959,-78.959012,-78.958968,-78.958944,-78.958939,-78.958942,-78.958985,-78.959085,-78.959156,-78.959185,-78.959251,-78.959333,-78.959398,-78.959437,-78.959521,-78.959531,-78.959538,-78.959558,-78.959568,-78.959596,-78.959625,-78.959792,-78.959892,-78.959978,-78.96023,-78.960308,-78.960475,-78.960544,-78.960645,-78.960666,-78.960698,-78.961033,-78.961266,-78.961404,-78.961547,-78.961642,-78.961719,-78.961768,-78.961806,-78.961904,-78.962155,-78.962556,-78.963071,-78.963114,-78.963336,-78.963551,-78.963766,-78.963932,-78.964178,-78.964267,-78.964437,-78.964643,-78.964729,-78.964996,-78.965139,-78.96533,-78.965479,-78.965602,-78.965649,-78.966055,-78.96651,-78.966712,-78.966753,-78.966886,-78.967272,-78.967779,-78.967986,-78.968191,-78.968573,-78.96893,-78.969055,-78.969696,-78.969862,-78.969938,-78.970078,-78.970241,-78.970951,-78.971421,-78.971543,-78.971623,-78.971669,-78.971681,-78.971681,-78.971641,-78.971589,-78.971502,-78.97121,-78.970611,-78.969968,-78.969657,-78.96959,-78.969101,-78.968924,-78.968826,-78.968622,-78.968367,-78.968217,-78.968173,-78.967901,-78.967531,-78.96734,-78.967159,-78.967081,-78.96696,-78.966955,-78.966947,-78.966927,-78.9669,-78.966895,-78.966912,-78.966926,-78.967106,-78.967178,-78.967397,-78.967593,-78.967656,-78.967842,-78.968006,-78.968144,-78.968753,-78.969048,-78.969199,-78.969515,-78.970164,-78.970603,-78.970855,-78.971155,-78.971419,-78.971553,-78.971689,-78.971871,-78.972096,-78.972138,-78.972337,-78.972476,-78.972636,-78.972673,-78.972788,-78.972916,-78.973027,-78.973195,-78.973638,-78.973835,-78.973936,-78.974077,-78.974289,-78.974423,-78.974558,-78.97465,-78.974814,-78.974872,-78.974917,-78.974996,-78.975503,-78.976449,-78.976652,-78.977012,-78.977563,-78.978909,-78.979624,-78.980004,-78.980569,-78.980866,-78.980897,-78.980966,-78.981412,-78.981539,-78.981639,-78.981849,-78.981998,-78.982076,-78.982354,-78.982436,-78.982564,-78.982955,-78.983032,-78.983137,-78.983191,-78.98325,-78.983322,-78.983349,-78.983371,-78.983357,-78.98334,-78.983305,-78.983257,-78.983078,-78.982642,-78.982591,-78.982479,-78.982407,-78.982313,-78.982255,-78.982247,-78.982261,-78.982303,-78.982356,-78.982383,-78.982466,-78.982595,-78.982731,-78.982911,-78.9831,-78.98322,-78.983606,-78.983772,-78.983971,-78.984347,-78.984596,-78.985003,-78.985137,-78.985229,-78.985275,-78.985516,-78.985934,-78.986272,-78.98631,-78.98648,-78.986603,-78.986679,-78.986821,-78.986923,-78.987082,-78.987156,-78.987241,-78.987372,-78.987901,-78.988026,-78.988101,-78.988191,-78.988241,-78.988276,-78.988311,-78.988305,-78.988251,-78.988183,-78.988018,-78.987973,-78.987869,-78.987787,-78.987653,-78.987533,-78.987448,-78.987362,-78.987311,-78.987236,-78.987162,-78.987135,-78.987116,-78.98706,-78.986985,-78.986398,-78.986344,-78.986189,-78.986017,-78.985973,-78.985918,-78.985896,-78.985892,-78.985925,-78.985978,-78.986033,-78.986155,-78.986162,-78.986153,-78.98613,-78.986372,-78.986469,-78.986573,-78.986754,-78.986875,-78.986916,-78.987006,-78.987085,-78.987128,-78.987261,-78.987576,-78.98762,-78.987799,-78.98851,-78.989495,-78.98972,-78.990268,-78.99109,-78.991272,-78.991543,-78.991762,-78.992054,-78.992175,-78.992328,-78.992506,-78.99267,-78.992696,-78.992758,-78.992926,-78.992979,-78.993189,-78.993377,-78.993617,-78.993768,-78.994001,-78.994162,-78.994397,-78.994612,-78.994953,-78.995109,-78.995308,-78.995566,-78.995756,-78.995841,-78.996018,-78.996109,-78.996337,-78.996428,-78.996603,-78.996631,-78.996785,-78.997003,-78.997054,-78.997105,-78.997321,-78.997405,-78.997433,-78.997461,-78.99754,-78.997591,-78.99763,-78.997648,-78.997683,-78.99769,-78.997766,-78.997825,-78.997843,-78.997907,-78.997977,-78.998052,-78.998212,-78.998555,-78.998821,-78.999002,-78.999322,-78.999428,-78.999633,-78.999685,-79.000174,-79.000523,-79.000818,-79.001035,-79.001542,-79.001874,-79.00217,-79.002912,-79.003041,-79.003411,-79.003815,-79.004325,-79.004491,-79.004968,-79.005595,-79.005763,-79.005937,-79.005982,-79.00616,-79.006243,-79.006404,-79.006806,-79.006843,-79.006876,-79.007171,-79.00766,-79.007971,-79.008172,-79.008341,-79.008737,-79.008821,-79.008901,-79.008922,-79.008937,-79.008944,-79.00894,-79.008904,-79.008818,-79.008641,-79.008574,-79.008516,-79.008426,-79.008424,-79.008441,-79.008534,-79.008603,-79.008657,-79.008723,-79.008796,-79.008872,-79.008994,-79.00917,-79.009442,-79.009716,-79.009943,-79.010073,-79.010152,-79.010226,-79.010422,-79.010921,-79.011094,-79.011285,-79.011371,-79.011502,-79.011592,-79.011729,-79.011953,-79.011999,-79.012133,-79.012175,-79.012295,-79.012368,-79.012521,-79.012685,-79.012885,-79.012929,-79.01305,-79.013089,-79.013102,-79.013143,-79.013213,-79.013341,-79.013375,-79.013434,-79.013459,-79.013505,-79.013606,-79.013731,-79.013977,-79.0141,-79.014147,-79.014298,-79.014359,-79.014477,-79.014546,-79.014667,-79.014755,-79.014937,-79.015209,-79.015234,-79.015398,-79.015523,-79.016361,-79.016488,-79.016605,-79.016912,-79.017071,-79.017318,-79.017446,-79.017622,-79.018205,-79.019281,-79.019507,-79.019643,-79.019872,-79.020186,-79.020362,-79.020703,-79.020788,-79.021009,-79.021367,-79.021547,-79.021776,-79.021821,-79.022083,-79.022167,-79.022548,-79.02268,-79.022937,-79.023124,-79.023225,-79.023288,-79.023598,-79.023779,-79.023848,-79.023914,-79.024062,-79.024439,-79.024473,-79.024732,-79.025168,-79.025574,-79.025647,-79.025843,-79.025929,-79.026062,-79.026244,-79.02638,-79.026562,-79.02692,-79.027333,-79.0275,-79.028122,-79.028515,-79.028738,-79.029007,-79.029143,-79.029233,-79.02946,-79.029632,-79.029713,-79.029867,-79.029941,-79.030132,-79.030336,-79.030427,-79.030562,-79.030647,-79.03076,-79.030856,-79.030946,-79.031155,-79.031549,-79.031802,-79.032177,-79.032276,-79.03243,-79.032645,-79.032723,-79.032774,-79.032821,-79.03305,-79.033523,-79.034067,-79.034329,-79.034517,-79.03471,-79.035489,-79.03551,-79.036526,-79.036896,-79.038021,-79.03882,-79.039214,-79.039259,-79.039458,-79.039686,-79.03973,-79.039815,-79.04016,-79.040336,-79.040823,-79.041138,-79.041275,-79.041817,-79.041995,-79.042387,-79.04252,-79.04261,-79.042792,-79.042988,-79.043003,-79.04315,-79.043278,-79.043299,-79.043575,-79.043837,-79.044103,-79.044193,-79.04446,-79.044634,-79.044755,-79.045113,-79.045347,-79.045554,-79.045856,-79.046121,-79.046167,-79.046258,-79.046394,-79.046574,-79.046621,-79.046667,-79.04689,-79.047384,-79.047609,-79.047832,-79.047919,-79.048187,-79.048323,-79.048596,-79.048773,-79.048987,-79.049185,-79.049221,-79.049398,-79.049486,-79.049648,-79.049908,-79.049954,-79.050129,-79.050443,-79.050807,-79.050988,-79.051215,-79.051443,-79.051572,-79.05169,-79.051764,-79.052012,-79.052184,-79.052415,-79.052651,-79.053037,-79.053197,-79.05328,-79.054086,-79.054404,-79.054629,-79.054769,-79.054845,-79.05497,-79.05506,-79.055151,-79.055196,-79.055374,-79.05546,-79.055587,-79.055708,-79.055827,-79.056094,-79.05645,-79.056572,-79.056822,-79.056909,-79.057044,-79.057227,-79.057272,-79.057316,-79.057399,-79.057593,-79.057698,-79.057887,-79.057974,-79.058053,-79.058125,-79.058376,-79.058454,-79.058512,-79.058587,-79.058723,-79.058786,-79.058971,-79.059061,-79.059199,-79.05924,-79.059303,-79.059386,-79.059731,-79.05987,-79.060167,-79.060416,-79.060471,-79.060513,-79.060533,-79.060457,-79.060471,-79.060492,-79.06063,-79.060727,-79.060796,-79.06083,-79.060913,-79.060948,-79.061003,-79.061142,-79.061197,-79.061335,-79.061812,-79.061926,-79.062025,-79.062069,-79.062158,-79.062203,-79.062337,-79.062515,-79.062556,-79.062728,-79.062853,-79.063095,-79.063171,-79.063243,-79.063392,-79.063525,-79.063726,-79.063865,-79.063941,-79.0641,-79.064421,-79.064569,-79.06469,-79.064744,-79.064876,-79.065195,-79.065486,-79.065607,-79.066035,-79.066212,-79.066301,-79.066482,-79.0668,-79.06689,-79.066929,-79.066989,-79.067021,-79.0671,-79.067169,-79.067198,-79.067293,-79.06739,-79.067441,-79.067452,-79.067446,-79.067398,-79.067355,-79.067271,-79.067222,-79.067073,-79.066975,-79.066759,-79.066723,-79.066694,-79.066607,-79.066485,-79.066451,-79.066323,-79.066304,-79.066214,-79.066187,-79.066041,-79.065714,-79.065474,-79.06542,-79.065125,-79.0651,-79.065042,-79.064966,-79.064803,-79.064687,-79.064566,-79.06449,-79.064402,-79.064387,-79.064372,-79.064363,-79.064373,-79.06438,-79.064405,-79.064462,-79.064538,-79.064547,-79.064601,-79.064628,-79.064727,-79.064903,-79.065144,-79.065355,-79.065442,-79.065683,-79.065972,-79.066075,-79.066112,-79.066389,-79.066722,-79.067191,-79.067452,-79.067644,-79.067837,-79.068116,-79.068415,-79.068897,-79.06908,-79.069251,-79.069504,-79.069648,-79.069768,-79.069787,-79.069802,-79.069801,-79.069806,-79.0698,-79.069757,-79.069732,-79.069722,-79.069697,-79.069663,-79.069598,-79.069367,-79.069283,-79.069248,-79.069244,-79.069248,-79.069269,-79.069289,-79.069303,-79.069341,-79.069311,-79.06919,-79.069147,-79.069002,-79.068842,-79.068638,-79.068449,-79.068365,-79.068232,-79.068186,-79.068171,-79.068167,-79.068173,-79.068199,-79.068215,-79.068235,-79.068251,-79.068264,-79.068392,-79.068408,-79.068471,-79.06852,-79.068578,-79.068644,-79.06884,-79.068878,-79.068887,-79.068886,-79.068878,-79.068854,-79.06882,-79.06876,-79.068749,-79.068689,-79.068591,-79.068496,-79.068428,-79.068233,-79.067767,-79.06766,-79.067626,-79.067562,-79.067557,-79.06752,-79.067481,-79.067265,-79.067225,-79.067211,-79.067185,-79.067183,-79.0672,-79.06722,-79.067251,-79.067306,-79.067474,-79.067537,-79.067638,-79.067657,-79.067656,-79.067644,-79.067553,-79.067519,-79.06749,-79.06741,-79.067371,-79.067269,-79.067212,-79.067164,-79.067144,-79.067001,-79.066897,-79.0668,-79.066773,-79.066713,-79.06668,-79.066681,-79.066675,-79.066687,-79.06669,-79.066697,-79.066701,-79.066705,-79.066713,-79.066802,-79.066797,-79.06681,-79.066799,-79.066801,-79.066793,-79.066791,-79.066785,-79.066781,-79.066774,-79.066767,-79.06676,-79.066754,-79.066752,-79.066741,-79.066742,-79.066738,-79.06673,-79.066724,-79.066715,-79.066705,-79.066689,-79.066672,-79.066648,-79.066621,-79.066593,-79.066548,-79.066471,-79.066413,-79.06605,-79.06599,-79.065936,-79.065871,-79.065845,-79.065834,-79.065829,-79.06584,-79.065897,-79.06598,-79.066073,-79.066115,-79.066127,-79.066124,-79.06613,-79.066125,-79.066118,-79.066117,-79.066119,-79.066123,-79.066129,-79.06614,-79.066153,-79.066196,-79.06622,-79.066261,-79.066315,-79.066362,-79.066419,-79.066454,-79.066478,-79.066516,-79.066541,-79.066858,-79.067155,-79.067168,-79.06718,-79.067198,-79.067228,-79.067265,-79.067372,-79.067445,-79.067506,-79.067584,-79.067635,-79.067672,-79.067724,-79.067762,-79.067798,-79.067804,-79.067885,-79.067876,-79.067877,-79.067886,-79.067886,-79.067831,-79.067779,-79.067774,-79.067794,-79.067859,-79.067874,-79.067889,-79.067907,-79.068048,-79.068079,-79.068119,-79.068129,-79.068166,-79.068236,-79.068292,-79.068398,-79.068608,-79.06869,-79.069031,-79.069136,-79.069203,-79.069301,-79.069402,-79.069485,-79.069546,-79.069706,-79.069758,-79.069828,-79.069896,-79.069941,-79.070011,-79.070037,-79.07007,-79.070112,-79.070172,-79.070198,-79.070243,-79.070258,-79.070307,-79.070338,-79.070456,-79.070522,-79.070539,-79.070648,-79.070714,-79.070937,-79.071122,-79.071266,-79.071592,-79.071884,-79.072027,-79.072173,-79.072201,-79.07222,-79.072238,-79.072255,-79.072252,-79.072228,-79.072222,-79.072197,-79.072177,-79.072148,-79.071477,-79.071415,-79.071262,-79.071252,-79.071005,-79.070941,-79.070924,-79.070864,-79.070722,-79.070642,-79.070615,-79.070538,-79.070468,-79.070442,-79.070396,-79.070279,-79.070197,-79.070148,-79.070051,-79.069978,-79.069791,-79.069675,-79.069121,-79.06887,-79.06877,-79.068748,-79.068729,-79.06863,-79.068516,-79.067835,-79.067641,-79.067462,-79.067297,-79.067202,-79.067101,-79.067077,-79.067034,-79.066973,-79.06696,-79.06696,-79.066936,-79.06694,-79.066989,-79.067071,-79.067166,-79.067223,-79.067245,-79.067281,-79.067325,-79.067396,-79.067776,-79.067901,-79.068007,-79.068045,-79.068204,-79.068498,-79.068702,-79.068811,-79.068912,-79.06897,-79.069123,-79.069266,-79.069325,-79.06934,-79.069379,-79.069411,-79.069437,-79.069467,-79.069475,-79.069472,-79.069464,-79.069439,-79.069407,-79.069347,-79.069301,-79.069146,-79.069064,-79.068949,-79.06887,-79.068721,-79.0687,-79.068628,-79.068614,-79.068627,-79.068669,-79.068695,-79.068715,-79.068741,-79.068776,-79.068922,-79.069202,-79.069252,-79.069263,-79.069294,-79.069345,-79.069468,-79.069588,-79.069833,-79.069899,-79.07002,-79.070496,-79.070636,-79.070697,-79.07072,-79.070837,-79.070925,-79.07104,-79.071125,-79.071145,-79.071294,-79.071337,-79.071417,-79.071637,-79.071727,-79.071775,-79.071819,-79.071905,-79.071992,-79.072126,-79.072577,-79.072846,-79.072934,-79.073468,-79.073605,-79.07374,-79.073872,-79.073921,-79.074134,-79.074219,-79.074514,-79.074789,-79.07506,-79.075444,-79.075532,-79.075713,-79.075804,-79.075849,-79.075982,-79.07606,-79.076222,-79.076291,-79.076363,-79.076432,-79.076526,-79.076567,-79.07662,-79.076652,-79.076671,-79.07669,-79.076668,-79.076603,-79.076541,-79.07644,-79.076325,-79.076241,-79.076063,-79.075812,-79.075654,-79.0755,-79.075282,-79.07518,-79.075122,-79.075097,-79.075012,-79.074889,-79.074791,-79.074626,-79.074477,-79.074439,-79.074373,-79.074367,-79.074363,-79.074367,-79.074378,-79.074493,-79.074614,-79.074651,-79.074822,-79.074931,-79.075221,-79.075352,-79.075441,-79.075549,-79.07557,-79.075585,-79.075601,-79.075617,-79.075712,-79.075848,-79.076253,-79.07657,-79.076604,-79.076677,-79.076718,-79.07689,-79.077042,-79.077069,-79.077294,-79.077598,-79.077734,-79.077757,-79.077771,-79.077794,-79.07787,-79.077958,-79.078094,-79.078452,-79.078664,-79.078757,-79.078799,-79.07904,-79.079366,-79.079901,-79.080007,-79.080236,-79.08056,-79.080808,-79.081257,-79.081394,-79.081453,-79.081459,-79.08149,-79.081495,-79.081487,-79.08147,-79.0814,-79.081378,-79.081298,-79.081286,-79.081277,-79.081266,-79.081274,-79.081295,-79.08133,-79.081434,-79.081503,-79.081593,-79.081696,-79.081842,-79.081929,-79.082152,-79.082287,-79.082422,-79.082512,-79.082635,-79.082673,-79.08272,-79.082759,-79.083073,-79.083148,-79.083257,-79.083447,-79.083529,-79.083743,-79.084017,-79.084154,-79.084541,-79.084702,-79.084743,-79.084783,-79.084814,-79.084844,-79.084883,-79.08492,-79.084981,-79.085074,-79.085129,-79.085223,-79.085286,-79.085332,-79.085582,-79.085688,-79.085728,-79.085948,-79.086139,-79.086217,-79.086352,-79.086436,-79.08648,-79.086565,-79.08661,-79.086746,-79.086881,-79.087016,-79.087195,-79.087328,-79.087596,-79.087955,-79.088046,-79.088316,-79.088448,-79.088577,-79.088776,-79.089043,-79.08911,-79.089139,-79.089237,-79.089274,-79.089341,-79.089496,-79.089534,-79.08966,-79.08973,-79.089772,-79.089846,-79.089873,-79.089887,-79.089967,-79.089999,-79.090006,-79.090197,-79.090261,-79.090452,-79.090533,-79.090592,-79.091016,-79.091078,-79.091191,-79.091603,-79.091714,-79.091836,-79.091966,-79.09215,-79.092241,-79.092467,-79.092741,-79.092786,-79.093099,-79.093266,-79.093484,-79.093604,-79.093643,-79.093859,-79.093981,-79.094154,-79.09438,-79.094604,-79.094788,-79.095197,-79.095231,-79.095249,-79.095421,-79.095555,-79.0956,-79.095689,-79.095774,-79.096003,-79.096326,-79.096406,-79.096449,-79.096528,-79.096613,-79.096786,-79.096966,-79.097307,-79.097572,-79.097654,-79.097721,-79.097766,-79.097811,-79.098127,-79.09835,-79.098785,-79.099249,-79.099556,-79.099858,-79.100199,-79.100239,-79.100316,-79.100681,-79.100812,-79.100946,-79.101036,-79.10112,-79.101458,-79.101502,-79.101582,-79.101658,-79.101859,-79.102213,-79.102363,-79.102632,-79.102963,-79.10303,-79.103124,-79.103208,-79.103359,-79.103444,-79.103477,-79.103534,-79.103684,-79.103872,-79.103934,-79.104058,-79.104126,-79.104248,-79.104292,-79.104337,-79.104424,-79.104514,-79.104795,-79.105156,-79.105337,-79.105563,-79.106015,-79.106737,-79.106963,-79.107549,-79.107639,-79.107729,-79.107816,-79.107857,-79.107894,-79.107991,-79.108026,-79.108029,-79.108013,-79.107877,-79.107756,-79.107664,-79.107574,-79.107542,-79.107553,-79.107616,-79.107696,-79.108066,-79.1081,-79.10816,-79.108293,-79.108318,-79.108384,-79.108444,-79.108908,-79.109119,-79.109304,-79.109485,-79.109607,-79.109651,-79.109734,-79.109822,-79.110001,-79.110091,-79.110181,-79.110269,-79.110393,-79.11043,-79.110509,-79.110545,-79.110644,-79.110733,-79.110857,-79.110925,-79.110951,-79.111159,-79.111229,-79.111309,-79.111409,-79.111534,-79.111743,-79.111992,-79.112265,-79.11231,-79.112537,-79.112765,-79.112902,-79.113299,-79.113517,-79.113652,-79.11395,-79.114041,-79.114176,-79.114219,-79.114281,-79.114406,-79.114485,-79.114685,-79.114827,-79.114862,-79.115009,-79.11502,-79.115079,-79.115238,-79.11534,-79.115615,-79.115661,-79.115772,-79.115789,-79.115813,-79.115932,-79.115967,-79.116131,-79.116261,-79.116306,-79.116434,-79.116639,-79.116713,-79.116778,-79.116816,-79.117027,-79.117169,-79.117286,-79.117373,-79.117409,-79.117721,-79.11776,-79.117807,-79.117876,-79.118001,-79.118188,-79.118153,-79.118158,-79.118174,-79.1182,-79.118209,-79.118306,-79.118417,-79.118659,-79.118763,-79.118895,-79.118923,-79.118993,-79.119339,-79.119789,-79.119997,-79.120101,-79.120136,-79.120101,-79.119963,-79.11979,-79.119603,-79.119292,-79.11914,-79.118877,-79.11867,-79.118518,-79.118462,-79.118636,-79.118948,-79.118948,-79.118851,-79.118713,-79.118658,-79.118692,-79.118886,-79.119108,-79.119246,-79.119524,-79.119787,-79.119939,-79.120016,-79.119981,-79.119926,-79.119912,-79.120099,-79.120653,-79.120965,-79.121214,-79.121505,-79.121713,-79.121921,-79.122198,-79.122392,-79.122841,-79.12327,-79.123478,-79.123672,-79.123914,-79.124122,-79.124752,-79.125166,-79.125387,-79.125616,-79.125865,-79.126107,-79.126716,-79.127069,-79.127305,-79.12752,-79.127727,-79.128032,-79.128322,-79.128385,-79.12862,-79.128661,-79.128661,-79.128986,-79.129297,-79.129339,-79.129387,-79.129553,-79.129878,-79.130065,-79.130203,-79.130273,-79.130432,-79.130778,-79.131158,-79.131635,-79.132057,-79.132396,-79.132652,-79.132978,-79.133372,-79.133877,-79.134397,-79.134805,-79.135123,-79.135338,-79.135434,-79.13549,-79.135607,-79.135692,-79.136049,-79.13607,-79.135917,-79.135848,-79.135876,-79.136028,-79.136221,-79.136311,-79.136353,-79.136387,-79.136553,-79.136663,-79.136781,-79.136933,-79.137203,-79.137541,-79.13768,-79.137819,-79.137964,-79.138179,-79.138483,-79.138887,-79.138901,-79.139016,-79.139605,-79.140616,-79.140921,-79.141198,-79.141364,-79.141939,-79.142382,-79.142506,-79.142666,-79.142894,-79.143241,-79.143628,-79.144023,-79.144439,-79.145083,-79.145325,-79.145519,-79.145831,-79.146789,-79.146821,-79.147347,-79.148455,-79.148801,-79.149203,-79.149757,-79.150241,-79.150692,-79.151183,-79.151592,-79.15209,-79.152423,-79.152942,-79.15306,-79.153295,-79.153427,-79.154078,-79.154666,-79.155158,-79.155546,-79.15594,-79.156702,-79.157152,-79.157484,-79.15799,-79.158426,-79.15871,-79.158987,-79.159264,-79.159638,-79.159838,-79.159949,-79.160475,-79.161202,-79.161549,-79.161915,-79.162151,-79.162462,-79.162712,-79.162996,-79.163245,-79.163639,-79.16375,-79.163882,-79.164172,-79.164311,-79.164505,-79.164712,-79.1651,-79.165717,-79.166167,-79.16645,-79.166762,-79.167454,-79.167603,-79.167615,-79.167967,-79.168098,-79.169801,-79.170103,-79.171171,-79.17151,-79.171926,-79.172131,-79.172134,-79.172135],"lat":[37.803215,37.803286,37.803364,37.803511,37.803662,37.80382,37.804007,37.804183,37.804399,37.804661,37.804867,37.80506,37.805216,37.805377,37.805535,37.805675,37.805797,37.805949,37.806136,37.806299,37.806453,37.806581,37.806623,37.806982,37.807129,37.807341,37.807435,37.807517,37.807753,37.807956,37.808106,37.808255,37.808441,37.808611,37.80876,37.808905,37.809037,37.809181,37.809339,37.809436,37.809524,37.809625,37.809755,37.809868,37.809971,37.810099,37.81024,37.810405,37.81059,37.810742,37.810911,37.811088,37.811249,37.811395,37.811515,37.81163,37.811744,37.811824,37.81189,37.81196,37.812022,37.812077,37.812127,37.812192,37.812271,37.812382,37.812469,37.812549,37.812642,37.812708,37.81277,37.812829,37.812901,37.812982,37.813076,37.81318,37.813262,37.81335,37.813464,37.813572,37.813673,37.813733,37.813798,37.813876,37.813968,37.814046,37.814129,37.814289,37.814434,37.81457,37.81474,37.814921,37.815131,37.815341,37.815521,37.815721,37.815875,37.816012,37.816145,37.816236,37.816327,37.816415,37.816475,37.816524,37.81657,37.81663,37.816675,37.816704,37.816724,37.816734,37.816746,37.816766,37.816786,37.816792,37.816784,37.816767,37.816746,37.816718,37.816711,37.816686,37.816681,37.816694,37.816711,37.816789,37.816903,37.81697,37.817056,37.817142,37.817245,37.817365,37.817461,37.817548,37.817652,37.817755,37.817852,37.81796,37.818069,37.818201,37.818346,37.818476,37.818605,37.818685,37.818758,37.818837,37.818923,37.81901,37.819086,37.819135,37.81917,37.819203,37.819239,37.819266,37.819304,37.819358,37.819427,37.819578,37.819643,37.81973,37.819881,37.820013,37.820137,37.82027,37.820411,37.820559,37.820672,37.82077,37.820878,37.820984,37.821079,37.821162,37.821241,37.821319,37.821407,37.821516,37.821605,37.821707,37.821809,37.821903,37.821985,37.82205,37.822117,37.822202,37.822257,37.822311,37.822383,37.822488,37.822583,37.822669,37.822747,37.822827,37.822923,37.823076,37.823197,37.823331,37.823469,37.823598,37.823718,37.823854,37.823997,37.824159,37.824285,37.824396,37.824512,37.824585,37.82465,37.824706,37.824773,37.824829,37.824884,37.824912,37.824938,37.824968,37.825003,37.825054,37.82514,37.825225,37.825325,37.825387,37.825445,37.825508,37.825567,37.825631,37.825694,37.825745,37.825799,37.825853,37.825905,37.825956,37.826045,37.826123,37.82618,37.82624,37.826306,37.826387,37.826422,37.826479,37.826525,37.826574,37.826681,37.826742,37.826805,37.826827,37.826832,37.826831,37.826839,37.826861,37.826889,37.826918,37.826956,37.827045,37.827142,37.827211,37.827281,37.827395,37.827538,37.82768,37.827835,37.827985,37.828117,37.828246,37.828354,37.828458,37.828581,37.828713,37.828797,37.828865,37.828929,37.82898,37.829038,37.829105,37.829178,37.829224,37.829249,37.829336,37.829496,37.829562,37.829629,37.82971,37.829781,37.829874,37.829947,37.830027,37.830094,37.83016,37.830224,37.830312,37.83041,37.830532,37.830649,37.830743,37.830829,37.830932,37.831032,37.831121,37.831203,37.83128,37.831366,37.831457,37.831523,37.831588,37.831652,37.831718,37.831783,37.83185,37.831927,37.832027,37.832143,37.832243,37.832353,37.832453,37.832552,37.832652,37.832774,37.832912,37.833076,37.833204,37.833313,37.833433,37.833568,37.83364,37.833806,37.83391,37.834019,37.834136,37.834225,37.834302,37.834388,37.834487,37.834571,37.834644,37.83473,37.834897,37.834995,37.835083,37.835178,37.835262,37.83533,37.835389,37.835469,37.835535,37.83558,37.8356,37.835642,37.835699,37.835758,37.835809,37.835873,37.836001,37.836146,37.836262,37.836376,37.83652,37.836679,37.836806,37.836911,37.837013,37.837077,37.837207,37.837272,37.837308,37.837364,37.837448,37.837553,37.837627,37.837694,37.837761,37.837851,37.83794,37.838018,37.838089,37.838177,37.838282,37.838375,37.838451,37.838525,37.838563,37.838623,37.838661,37.838794,37.838888,37.838915,37.838936,37.838961,37.839004,37.839036,37.839079,37.839135,37.8392,37.839257,37.839318,37.839402,37.839511,37.839588,37.839651,37.839716,37.839868,37.840036,37.840177,37.84029,37.840584,37.840709,37.840814,37.84092,37.841061,37.841203,37.841316,37.841388,37.841478,37.84158,37.841689,37.841774,37.841856,37.841939,37.842019,37.842083,37.842136,37.842212,37.842309,37.842402,37.842474,37.842545,37.842616,37.842688,37.842748,37.842854,37.842919,37.843006,37.843073,37.843129,37.843183,37.843232,37.843273,37.843304,37.843336,37.843374,37.843413,37.843444,37.843474,37.84354,37.843623,37.843713,37.843777,37.84385,37.843951,37.844099,37.84422,37.844331,37.844449,37.844573,37.844701,37.844795,37.844882,37.844967,37.845028,37.845075,37.845116,37.845146,37.84519,37.845249,37.845386,37.845488,37.845607,37.845749,37.845877,37.845997,37.846102,37.846211,37.846331,37.846447,37.846518,37.846549,37.846671,37.846795,37.846905,37.847012,37.847109,37.847125,37.847204,37.847293,37.847401,37.847514,37.847657,37.847782,37.847891,37.847979,37.848082,37.848166,37.848239,37.848295,37.848361,37.848442,37.848545,37.848624,37.848695,37.848817,37.848941,37.849048,37.849135,37.849225,37.849326,37.849434,37.849516,37.849586,37.849656,37.849729,37.849803,37.849865,37.849929,37.849992,37.850049,37.850084,37.850121,37.850133,37.850186,37.850306,37.850382,37.850492,37.8506,37.850724,37.850844,37.85094,37.851035,37.851209,37.851242,37.85141,37.85163,37.851797,37.851949,37.852126,37.852281,37.852415,37.852545,37.852649,37.852753,37.852848,37.852941,37.853023,37.853126,37.853134,37.853269,37.853392,37.853507,37.853616,37.853731,37.853856,37.853998,37.854132,37.854221,37.85424,37.854246,37.85425,37.854269,37.8543,37.854335,37.854406,37.854522,37.854689,37.854878,37.855027,37.855169,37.855313,37.855504,37.855621,37.855768,37.855912,37.856096,37.856242,37.856369,37.856492,37.856589,37.856643,37.85669,37.856788,37.856866,37.856932,37.857006,37.85708,37.857147,37.857208,37.857255,37.857343,37.857384,37.857484,37.857649,37.857846,37.857971,37.858065,37.858149,37.85823,37.858311,37.858368,37.858457,37.858544,37.858664,37.858792,37.858903,37.859011,37.859141,37.859283,37.859433,37.859512,37.859583,37.859658,37.859743,37.859792,37.859844,37.859898,37.860008,37.86009,37.860154,37.860206,37.860262,37.860315,37.860374,37.860432,37.86048,37.860553,37.860665,37.860775,37.86088,37.86099,37.861111,37.861224,37.861307,37.861385,37.861474,37.861547,37.86161,37.86167,37.861738,37.8618,37.861849,37.861871,37.861889,37.861908,37.861912,37.861925,37.861938,37.861956,37.861986,37.862022,37.862046,37.86208,37.862132,37.862222,37.862298,37.862365,37.862435,37.862536,37.862636,37.862715,37.862816,37.862953,37.863121,37.863172,37.863252,37.863359,37.863461,37.863533,37.863674,37.863892,37.86407,37.864182,37.86431,37.864475,37.864582,37.864673,37.864765,37.86488,37.865012,37.865094,37.86516,37.865229,37.865306,37.86539,37.865456,37.865509,37.865544,37.865569,37.865578,37.865582,37.865601,37.865653,37.865714,37.865774,37.865844,37.865981,37.866127,37.866245,37.866338,37.866447,37.866571,37.866683,37.866778,37.866863,37.866949,37.867046,37.867162,37.867381,37.867541,37.86772,37.86789,37.868042,37.868185,37.868322,37.86847,37.868635,37.868771,37.868887,37.869004,37.869042,37.869087,37.86916,37.869215,37.869249,37.869273,37.869278,37.869289,37.869286,37.869278,37.869279,37.869282,37.869308,37.869386,37.869448,37.869482,37.86959,37.86972,37.869863,37.870031,37.870158,37.870271,37.870393,37.870484,37.870565,37.87064,37.870751,37.870809,37.870909,37.871016,37.871105,37.871199,37.87132,37.871424,37.871521,37.871605,37.871697,37.8718,37.871887,37.871958,37.872035,37.872075,37.872149,37.872237,37.872335,37.872437,37.872485,37.872524,37.872565,37.872613,37.872678,37.872879,37.873002,37.873067,37.873135,37.873205,37.873287,37.873394,37.873509,37.873608,37.873714,37.87383,37.873942,37.874049,37.87413,37.874214,37.874335,37.874401,37.874485,37.874577,37.874637,37.874689,37.874736,37.874795,37.874855,37.874922,37.87502,37.875059,37.875122,37.875224,37.875344,37.875445,37.87553,37.875592,37.87568,37.875781,37.875854,37.875911,37.875962,37.87602,37.876066,37.876092,37.876097,37.876082,37.876052,37.876031,37.87604,37.876057,37.876065,37.876075,37.876104,37.876151,37.876203,37.876246,37.87628,37.876315,37.876349,37.876392,37.876424,37.87645,37.876478,37.876502,37.87652,37.876535,37.876559,37.876589,37.876607,37.876625,37.876655,37.876725,37.876794,37.876863,37.876983,37.877291,37.877332,37.87741,37.877473,37.877564,37.877672,37.877774,37.877854,37.877929,37.878004,37.878077,37.878148,37.878207,37.87825,37.878304,37.87836,37.878416,37.878479,37.878551,37.878645,37.878732,37.878793,37.878865,37.878967,37.879011,37.879081,37.879194,37.879292,37.879388,37.879499,37.879592,37.879676,37.879738,37.879818,37.879908,37.880011,37.880117,37.88021,37.880308,37.880369,37.880429,37.880476,37.880522,37.880577,37.880631,37.880712,37.880765,37.880822,37.880868,37.880909,37.880952,37.88099,37.881026,37.881083,37.881171,37.881227,37.881266,37.881343,37.881414,37.881523,37.881627,37.881755,37.881921,37.882047,37.882163,37.882351,37.882554,37.882693,37.882879,37.883008,37.883168,37.883356,37.883514,37.883536,37.883664,37.883833,37.884012,37.884201,37.884318,37.884433,37.884573,37.884756,37.884908,37.885051,37.885169,37.885293,37.885426,37.885546,37.885653,37.885771,37.885878,37.885935,37.886007,37.886026,37.88608,37.886152,37.886185,37.886226,37.891003,37.891316,37.891497,37.891721,37.891948,37.892104,37.892327,37.892527,37.892647,37.892622,37.892371,37.891846,37.89141,37.890812,37.89024,37.8903,37.890348,37.890331,37.890201,37.889838,37.889555,37.889244,37.889002,37.888826,37.888835,37.888844,37.888845,37.888882,37.88982,37.890168,37.890799,37.891058,37.891069,37.891317,37.891326,37.891372,37.891355,37.891391,37.891578,37.892077,37.892302,37.892525,37.892529,37.892563,37.892566,37.892621,37.892628,37.892726,37.892737,37.892841,37.893491,37.894459,37.894723,37.895098,37.895472,37.895587,37.89552,37.895518,37.895526,37.895777,37.895766,37.895782,37.895883,37.895771,37.895807,37.895798,37.895982,37.89625,37.896546,37.896884,37.896964,37.897286,37.897623,37.897817,37.89815,37.898469,37.899612,37.900578,37.900721,37.901083,37.901503,37.901518,37.901534,37.901543,37.901548,37.90171,37.901971,37.901977,37.901981,37.901987,37.902007,37.90206,37.902058,37.902058,37.902057,37.90199,37.902058,37.902062,37.902071,37.902294,37.902849,37.902852,37.902869,37.903186,37.903389,37.903545,37.903701,37.903477,37.903385,37.902941,37.902528,37.902426,37.902424,37.902574,37.902601,37.902639,37.903089,37.903391,37.903659,37.903739,37.904218,37.904903,37.904918,37.905612,37.906336,37.906812,37.90695,37.906968,37.907012,37.90703,37.907149,37.907256,37.907322,37.907389,37.907626,37.907988,37.908372,37.908942,37.909792,37.910201,37.910931,37.911138,37.911208,37.911319,37.911723,37.91186,37.911908,37.91183,37.911819,37.911816,37.911813,37.911769,37.91166,37.91165,37.911634,37.91163,37.911647,37.911725,37.911735,37.911737,37.91174,37.911784,37.912051,37.9129,37.912913,37.912919,37.912928,37.912936,37.912942,37.912992,37.913033,37.913413,37.913695,37.913685,37.913872,37.914447,37.914889,37.915073,37.915127,37.914866,37.914699,37.914088,37.913836,37.913899,37.913909,37.913955,37.913751,37.913628,37.913353,37.91336,37.913489,37.913746,37.91426,37.9145,37.91503,37.915681,37.916517,37.917144,37.917488,37.9176,37.91752,37.917382,37.917059,37.916341,37.915154,37.914143,37.913393,37.912941,37.912626,37.912624,37.912847,37.912981,37.912955,37.912794,37.912584,37.912351,37.911473,37.910119,37.909184,37.90853,37.908428,37.908077,37.907788,37.90723,37.907037,37.906618,37.905087,37.904587,37.903789,37.903161,37.902678,37.899972,37.89985,37.899511,37.898758,37.898151,37.897754,37.897351,37.896472,37.895853,37.895593,37.895263,37.894505,37.893756,37.892999,37.892346,37.891234,37.891147,37.891011,37.890888,37.890903,37.891048,37.891216,37.891472,37.891582,37.891666,37.891879,37.892409,37.892461,37.892584,37.892461,37.892054,37.892097,37.892067,37.89214,37.892166,37.892308,37.892128,37.892135,37.892373,37.892395,37.89233,37.892238,37.892146,37.892029,37.892017,37.892024,37.892078,37.8921,37.892197,37.892388,37.892443,37.892465,37.892592,37.892709,37.89272,37.893071,37.893076,37.893083,37.893317,37.893342,37.893351,37.89336,37.893367,37.893377,37.893493,37.893518,37.89345,37.893209,37.892782,37.892612,37.892289,37.891912,37.891492,37.891418,37.891274,37.890951,37.890589,37.889887,37.888969,37.888389,37.888051,37.88755,37.886217,37.88505,37.88501,37.884673,37.884106,37.883706,37.883698,37.88369,37.88366,37.883624,37.883538,37.883335,37.882745,37.882527,37.882534,37.882511,37.882468,37.882282,37.881935,37.881587,37.88169,37.882309,37.884149,37.884599,37.884751,37.884982,37.885126,37.885722,37.886688,37.886738,37.886893,37.887031,37.887307,37.887517,37.8877,37.888238,37.888361,37.888438,37.888509,37.88852,37.888602,37.888706,37.888872,37.888983,37.889065,37.889185,37.889314,37.889383,37.889571,37.890074,37.890537,37.891049,37.891259,37.891567,37.891843,37.892053,37.892093,37.892157,37.892204,37.892264,37.892352,37.892539,37.892687,37.892866,37.893007,37.893138,37.893283,37.894181,37.89433,37.894385,37.894438,37.894472,37.894554,37.894559,37.894645,37.894705,37.894758,37.894893,37.895015,37.895169,37.895332,37.895417,37.895518,37.895649,37.895804,37.895869,37.895958,37.896047,37.896169,37.896459,37.896718,37.897001,37.897102,37.897308,37.897494,37.897671,37.897922,37.898338,37.899403,37.900075,37.900101,37.901491,37.901525,37.901602,37.901996,37.901959,37.901769,37.901606,37.901464,37.901326,37.90121,37.901147,37.901081,37.901056,37.901039,37.901028,37.901032,37.901052,37.901078,37.901126,37.901311,37.901397,37.901463,37.901533,37.901691,37.901828,37.902002,37.902057,37.90211,37.902162,37.902335,37.902491,37.902579,37.902639,37.902701,37.902753,37.90278,37.902801,37.902872,37.902952,37.902989,37.903046,37.903108,37.903182,37.903265,37.903353,37.903451,37.903536,37.903646,37.903761,37.903905,37.904018,37.904138,37.904228,37.904293,37.904384,37.904451,37.904495,37.904537,37.904562,37.904577,37.904713,37.904785,37.904804,37.904806,37.904808,37.904804,37.9048,37.904781,37.904748,37.904684,37.904672,37.904564,37.904141,37.904087,37.904025,37.90396,37.903876,37.903795,37.903687,37.903597,37.903484,37.903394,37.903294,37.903161,37.903033,37.902116,37.901202,37.900074,37.899957,37.899806,37.899651,37.899434,37.899281,37.899129,37.898977,37.898857,37.898708,37.898587,37.898525,37.898349,37.898179,37.898003,37.89782,37.897704,37.897509,37.897286,37.897153,37.897021,37.896866,37.896741,37.896621,37.896479,37.896343,37.896215,37.896131,37.895958,37.89573,37.895612,37.895491,37.89536,37.895197,37.895178,37.895071,37.89494,37.894791,37.894617,37.894442,37.89426,37.894017,37.893129,37.892436,37.892077,37.891543,37.891434,37.891251,37.890553,37.890119,37.889966,37.889818,37.889798,37.889682,37.889544,37.889439,37.889361,37.889176,37.888948,37.88888,37.888762,37.888635,37.888503,37.88834,37.888288,37.888128,37.888014,37.887974,37.887932,37.887651,37.887181,37.887014,37.886662,37.8863,37.886083,37.885812,37.885676,37.885543,37.885413,37.885193,37.884728,37.884444,37.884212,37.883956,37.883823,37.883698,37.883582,37.883484,37.883461,37.883318,37.883095,37.882806,37.882625,37.88255,37.882525,37.882326,37.882311,37.882166,37.882136,37.881998,37.881875,37.881812,37.881762,37.881748,37.881742,37.881743,37.881733,37.88172,37.881693,37.881661,37.88161,37.881565,37.881456,37.881361,37.881259,37.881123,37.880977,37.880678,37.880391,37.880267,37.880048,37.879836,37.879724,37.879594,37.879476,37.879395,37.879305,37.879236,37.879227,37.87907,37.879024,37.878955,37.878891,37.878785,37.878607,37.878586,37.878539,37.878524,37.878489,37.878481,37.878471,37.878467,37.878465,37.878474,37.878498,37.878567,37.878749,37.878775,37.878836,37.878886,37.878914,37.87902,37.879074,37.879086,37.879083,37.879066,37.879045,37.879,37.878941,37.878845,37.878665,37.878497,37.87843,37.878329,37.878211,37.878179,37.878005,37.877959,37.877873,37.877458,37.877281,37.877036,37.876937,37.876863,37.876772,37.876666,37.87647,37.876339,37.876297,37.876221,37.876138,37.876077,37.876041,37.875988,37.875956,37.875916,37.875845,37.875802,37.87575,37.875693,37.875661,37.875375,37.875222,37.875155,37.875097,37.875061,37.87501,37.874974,37.874951,37.874936,37.874918,37.874847,37.874792,37.874562,37.874462,37.874339,37.874033,37.873758,37.873555,37.873523,37.873342,37.873305,37.872992,37.872863,37.872849,37.872705,37.872506,37.872412,37.87238,37.872354,37.872236,37.872134,37.87209,37.872053,37.87199,37.871923,37.871842,37.871788,37.871609,37.871268,37.871509,37.872836,37.873608,37.874618,37.87489,37.875727,37.876008,37.87642,37.876613,37.876894,37.877875,37.878395,37.878622,37.879871,37.880112,37.880341,37.880638,37.881171,37.881372,37.881506,37.881718,37.881998,37.882116,37.8822,37.882551,37.883426,37.883545,37.883924,37.883992,37.884432,37.884555,37.884688,37.884943,37.885022,37.885092,37.885239,37.885486,37.885514,37.885824,37.886031,37.886137,37.886175,37.886218,37.886236,37.886273,37.88629,37.886304,37.886408,37.886431,37.886508,37.88656,37.88669,37.886719,37.886727,37.886723,37.886708,37.886672,37.886639,37.886619,37.886478,37.886431,37.886402,37.886382,37.886382,37.886418,37.88645,37.886482,37.886567,37.88667,37.886781,37.886812,37.886855,37.886937,37.887008,37.887055,37.887116,37.887143,37.887176,37.887218,37.887241,37.887269,37.887357,37.887411,37.887477,37.887542,37.887588,37.887623,37.887699,37.88772,37.887795,37.88791,37.888128,37.888197,37.888257,37.888339,37.888558,37.888822,37.889195,37.889243,37.88999,37.890126,37.888571,37.887539,37.886942,37.886819,37.886724,37.886624,37.886521,37.886423,37.886326,37.886233,37.88616,37.88612,37.885936,37.885916,37.88567,37.885533,37.885476,37.885336,37.885222,37.885054,37.884718,37.884636,37.884462,37.884406,37.883922,37.883583,37.883149,37.882867,37.882764,37.882431,37.882292,37.882176,37.881959,37.881608,37.881268,37.881082,37.881003,37.880958,37.880677,37.880496,37.880405,37.880123,37.879976,37.879717,37.879469,37.879364,37.879283,37.879188,37.879117,37.879084,37.878333,37.87823,37.878122,37.878008,37.877772,37.877243,37.877088,37.876949,37.876837,37.876784,37.876688,37.876458,37.876022,37.875916,37.875556,37.874982,37.874697,37.874671,37.874622,37.874392,37.874302,37.874236,37.874026,37.873933,37.873898,37.873441,37.87331,37.873186,37.87276,37.872057,37.87164,37.871535,37.871479,37.871407,37.871305,37.871221,37.870876,37.870776,37.870684,37.870627,37.870578,37.870541,37.870514,37.870507,37.87048,37.870492,37.870496,37.870497,37.870515,37.870504,37.870493,37.870476,37.870452,37.870436,37.870379,37.87025,37.870098,37.869922,37.869821,37.869629,37.869182,37.868865,37.868538,37.868464,37.868367,37.868295,37.868205,37.868099,37.868032,37.86793,37.867876,37.867828,37.867804,37.867794,37.867804,37.867829,37.867874,37.867924,37.867988,37.86805,37.868115,37.868193,37.868282,37.868403,37.868624,37.868701,37.868755,37.868802,37.868849,37.868864,37.868869,37.868863,37.868843,37.868808,37.868769,37.868703,37.868627,37.868577,37.868464,37.868321,37.868199,37.868042,37.867799,37.867431,37.867326,37.867203,37.867089,37.866992,37.866909,37.866837,37.866779,37.866748,37.866707,37.866292,37.866251,37.866235,37.866227,37.866233,37.866234,37.866226,37.86619,37.866148,37.866106,37.866061,37.86605,37.865946,37.865942,37.865952,37.865977,37.866029,37.866094,37.866156,37.866369,37.866513,37.86661,37.866696,37.866755,37.86679,37.866814,37.866819,37.866811,37.866781,37.866742,37.866691,37.866629,37.866602,37.866343,37.866047,37.865816,37.865502,37.865353,37.865296,37.86525,37.865216,37.865199,37.865199,37.865217,37.865247,37.865337,37.865351,37.865351,37.865332,37.865299,37.865253,37.865196,37.86513,37.865033,37.864925,37.864733,37.864672,37.8646,37.864548,37.864502,37.864453,37.864409,37.864329,37.864314,37.864293,37.86428,37.864286,37.864301,37.864333,37.864374,37.864458,37.864551,37.864673,37.864836,37.865134,37.865318,37.865355,37.865408,37.865458,37.865527,37.8656,37.865771,37.865927,37.866144,37.866254,37.866392,37.866569,37.866626,37.866814,37.866914,37.867038,37.86711,37.867226,37.867313,37.86743,37.867541,37.867687,37.867754,37.867813,37.867864,37.867916,37.867949,37.868016,37.868091,37.868144,37.868244,37.868321,37.868528,37.868584,37.868659,37.868736,37.868761,37.868772,37.868766,37.868746,37.868744,37.868752,37.868774,37.868808,37.868851,37.868905,37.868966,37.86905,37.869138,37.869228,37.869318,37.869502,37.869601,37.86972,37.869767,37.869899,37.870001,37.870122,37.870235,37.870303,37.870366,37.870405,37.870422,37.870435,37.870444,37.870447,37.870435,37.870327,37.870302,37.870279,37.869957,37.869949,37.869951,37.869963,37.87003,37.869801,37.868653,37.868434,37.868032,37.867386,37.867071,37.866787,37.866516,37.866293,37.86607,37.865827,37.865617,37.865415,37.865204,37.864823,37.864472,37.86417,37.86398,37.863941,37.863456,37.863331,37.862535,37.862037,37.861789,37.861584,37.861341,37.861193,37.861003,37.86087,37.860698,37.860462,37.86031,37.860117,37.859955,37.859729,37.859517,37.859537,37.859557,37.859607,37.859637,37.859696,37.859736,37.859798,37.859841,37.85996,37.860118,37.860229,37.860378,37.860503,37.860663,37.860771,37.860869,37.860926,37.861024,37.861109,37.861183,37.861208,37.861218,37.861219,37.8612,37.861155,37.861088,37.861043,37.860984,37.860941,37.860822,37.860719,37.860461,37.860358,37.860315,37.860287,37.860272,37.86027,37.860289,37.860289,37.860303,37.860331,37.860477,37.860565,37.860386,37.860221,37.860033,37.859702,37.859375,37.858936,37.858791,37.858647,37.858505,37.858363,37.858249,37.858142,37.858012,37.857879,37.857626,37.857519,37.85734,37.857229,37.857087,37.856943,37.856793,37.856615,37.856373,37.856255,37.856136,37.856018,37.855901,37.855766,37.855667,37.855594,37.855532,37.85548,37.855455,37.85544,37.855386,37.85532,37.855261,37.855199,37.855167,37.855117,37.85507,37.854991,37.85491,37.854582,37.854396,37.854209,37.853989,37.853636,37.853356,37.85323,37.853051,37.852762,37.852634,37.852527,37.852173,37.85182,37.851643,37.851544,37.85131,37.85111,37.850949,37.850668,37.850471,37.850274,37.850079,37.849899,37.849732,37.849552,37.84946,37.849364,37.84911,37.848931,37.848781,37.848642,37.848562,37.848484,37.848339,37.848167,37.847909,37.847737,37.847572,37.847469,37.847268,37.847158,37.847056,37.846956,37.846853,37.846826,37.846747,37.846519,37.846324,37.846319,37.846302,37.846026,37.845945,37.845933,37.845837,37.845797,37.845759,37.845708,37.845643,37.845579,37.845498,37.845419,37.845332,37.845199,37.845076,37.84492,37.844705,37.844605,37.84449,37.844336,37.844229,37.844162,37.84409,37.844022,37.844002,37.843984,37.843982,37.843999,37.844041,37.844094,37.844193,37.844341,37.844516,37.844803,37.845015,37.845126,37.845311,37.845446,37.845566,37.845627,37.84568,37.845718,37.845742,37.845751,37.845741,37.845709,37.845689,37.845681,37.845646,37.845624,37.845598,37.845548,37.845374,37.845233,37.844803,37.844434,37.844174,37.843634,37.843494,37.843334,37.843219,37.843062,37.842971,37.842917,37.842727,37.842569,37.842321,37.841668,37.841213,37.840985,37.840723,37.840526,37.840393,37.840316,37.840071,37.839665,37.839442,37.839208,37.838766,37.8386,37.838434,37.837252,37.836981,37.836637,37.836263,37.835713,37.833538,37.832692,37.832462,37.831396,37.830858,37.830649,37.83045,37.830075,37.829945,37.829691,37.829112,37.828649,37.828399,37.828099,37.827595,37.827081,37.826823,37.826506,37.82588,37.825481,37.825182,37.824737,37.824425,37.824047,37.823685,37.823377,37.822925,37.822413,37.820229,37.819835,37.81912,37.818784,37.818303,37.818117,37.81648,37.815369,37.81492,37.814859,37.814768,37.814609,37.814248,37.813912,37.813637,37.812818,37.812587,37.811605,37.811371,37.811115,37.81105,37.810311,37.810041,37.809826,37.809478,37.809184,37.808944,37.8088,37.807274,37.80698,37.805911,37.805775,37.8056,37.805417,37.805228,37.805035,37.804813,37.804751,37.804637,37.804434,37.80423,37.8033,37.801869,37.800826,37.799738,37.798631,37.797901,37.797754,37.797529,37.797235,37.796942,37.796687,37.796548,37.79622,37.796159,37.795651,37.795518,37.795184,37.794857,37.794541,37.794344,37.794174,37.793755,37.793511,37.793258,37.793007,37.79275,37.792487,37.792175,37.791345,37.790592,37.789659,37.788816,37.787709,37.786827,37.786496,37.786325,37.7855,37.785049,37.784562,37.784152,37.784047,37.783414,37.783141,37.782893,37.780782,37.780198,37.779571,37.778648,37.777735,37.777135,37.776517,37.775859,37.775252,37.774711,37.773551,37.772762,37.772667,37.772091,37.771869,37.771601,37.771378,37.771157,37.770938,37.770634,37.769822,37.769714,37.769515,37.769255,37.768991,37.768671,37.768234,37.767941,37.767698,37.767257,37.767034,37.766809,37.766557,37.766389,37.766097,37.765669,37.765508,37.765441,37.764618,37.764153,37.763766,37.763131,37.762724,37.762438,37.761685,37.761321,37.760309,37.75991,37.759637,37.758979,37.757832,37.757307,37.755918,37.754182,37.7535,37.753336,37.752882,37.752665,37.752385,37.752042,37.751707,37.751591,37.751306,37.75103,37.750792,37.750337,37.749535,37.749418,37.749262,37.749032,37.748391,37.747417,37.746752,37.74585,37.745388,37.74478,37.744575,37.744355,37.744182,37.744125,37.743824,37.743353,37.743287,37.743237,37.743037,37.74287,37.742653,37.742188,37.741886,37.741743,37.741322,37.740996,37.74065,37.740253,37.73984,37.739521,37.739262,37.739024,37.738485,37.738356,37.738191,37.737819,37.737307,37.736972,37.736394,37.73617,37.735006,37.734583,37.733852,37.733694,37.733486,37.733284,37.733073,37.732922,37.731982,37.731648,37.73078,37.730223,37.729608,37.729327,37.72847,37.728104,37.727687,37.72702,37.726333,37.726054,37.726009,37.725886,37.725684,37.725462,37.725322,37.725016,37.72461,37.724274,37.724145,37.723665,37.723131,37.722992,37.722764,37.722523,37.722261,37.722103,37.722043,37.721897,37.721732,37.721632,37.721492,37.721237,37.720998,37.720766,37.720722,37.720265,37.719882,37.719604,37.719372,37.719084,37.718784,37.717479,37.71712,37.716972,37.716733,37.716654,37.716525,37.716378,37.716116,37.715714,37.714415,37.714085,37.713842,37.71367,37.71352,37.713388,37.713372,37.713201,37.71291,37.712651,37.712371,37.712031,37.711767,37.711542,37.71085,37.710542,37.710136,37.709927,37.709598,37.709416,37.709345,37.709208,37.708928,37.708867,37.70862,37.70856,37.708313,37.708153,37.708066,37.707917,37.70733,37.70722,37.707017,37.706912,37.706555,37.70633,37.705979,37.705797,37.705457,37.705314,37.704776,37.704671,37.704551,37.704347,37.704062,37.703441,37.703302,37.702002,37.701574,37.701327,37.701074,37.7008,37.700173,37.700009,37.699668,37.699591,37.699383,37.698746,37.697949,37.697664,37.697466,37.697263,37.696977,37.696735,37.695835,37.695686,37.695324,37.695148,37.694863,37.694806,37.694681,37.694616,37.694583,37.694495,37.694374,37.694248,37.694176,37.694077,37.693298,37.6931,37.692952,37.69271,37.692578,37.692122,37.69182,37.691738,37.691606,37.691337,37.691194,37.69087,37.690607,37.69025,37.689909,37.689442,37.689206,37.688893,37.688772,37.68858,37.688432,37.688097,37.687778,37.68713,37.687026,37.686493,37.686136,37.685362,37.685098,37.684851,37.684763,37.684609,37.683094,37.68222,37.682094,37.681799,37.68149,37.680446,37.680144,37.680012,37.67988,37.679787,37.679249,37.679095,37.679051,37.679024,37.679013,37.679007,37.679018,37.679029,37.679013,37.678996,37.678974,37.678925,37.67887,37.678821,37.678562,37.678486,37.678403,37.678282,37.677689,37.677546,37.67742,37.677332,37.677266,37.677173,37.677058,37.676712,37.676624,37.676481,37.676398,37.676316,37.676179,37.675663,37.675542,37.675152,37.674987,37.674597,37.67441,37.673966,37.673768,37.673537,37.673482,37.673356,37.673026,37.672916,37.672702,37.67262,37.672384,37.672274,37.672164,37.672054,37.67178,37.671675,37.671428,37.671132,37.670862,37.67078,37.670555,37.670494,37.670368,37.670302,37.670209,37.670148,37.670143,37.670152,37.670176,37.670176,37.670166,37.665732,37.663976,37.661498,37.660921,37.65934,37.656304,37.655738,37.655418,37.654969,37.653831,37.653406,37.65232,37.651838,37.651731,37.651678,37.651653,37.651584,37.65101,37.65055,37.650235,37.649849,37.649683,37.64958,37.649394,37.648061,37.648005,37.647661,37.647374,37.647225,37.647048,37.647476,37.648712,37.64891,37.649,37.649408,37.64962,37.649833,37.650286,37.650806,37.650931,37.650953,37.651494,37.651723,37.651903,37.652,37.652153,37.652265,37.652391,37.652467,37.652536,37.652571,37.652643,37.652854,37.653274,37.653517,37.653585,37.653679,37.653765,37.653814,37.653833,37.653995,37.654015,37.654029,37.654068,37.654087,37.654141,37.654197,37.654566,37.654803,37.655043,37.655972,37.656258,37.65681,37.656979,37.657177,37.657209,37.657275,37.657858,37.658282,37.658621,37.659142,37.659598,37.660093,37.660484,37.660659,37.660933,37.661505,37.662528,37.663897,37.66399,37.664495,37.664926,37.665318,37.665609,37.66599,37.666113,37.666325,37.66656,37.666643,37.666838,37.666925,37.667022,37.667086,37.667139,37.667159,37.66732,37.667482,37.667548,37.667561,37.667604,37.667713,37.667875,37.667949,37.668029,37.6682,37.668358,37.668401,37.668588,37.668648,37.668688,37.668779,37.668903,37.669553,37.670032,37.670182,37.670349,37.670523,37.670665,37.670878,37.671053,37.671212,37.671377,37.671818,37.672973,37.67411,37.674623,37.674715,37.675273,37.675434,37.675509,37.67565,37.675801,37.675873,37.675894,37.67601,37.676168,37.676266,37.676375,37.676412,37.676479,37.676585,37.676604,37.676654,37.676758,37.676901,37.67697,37.677004,37.677252,37.677338,37.677566,37.677754,37.677814,37.67797,37.6781,37.678194,37.678568,37.678737,37.678816,37.678957,37.679216,37.679404,37.679489,37.679573,37.67963,37.67965,37.679661,37.679654,37.679623,37.679611,37.679524,37.679431,37.679305,37.679272,37.679172,37.679024,37.678912,37.678791,37.678542,37.678451,37.678408,37.67835,37.678285,37.678262,37.678249,37.678253,37.678277,37.678286,37.678294,37.67832,37.678488,37.678839,37.678918,37.679069,37.679317,37.67991,37.680295,37.680492,37.680794,37.680961,37.680987,37.681033,37.681437,37.681539,37.681611,37.681748,37.68183,37.681867,37.681987,37.682018,37.682058,37.682152,37.682189,37.682258,37.682315,37.682412,37.682554,37.682658,37.682871,37.683082,37.683187,37.683327,37.683464,37.683865,37.684797,37.684934,37.685279,37.685558,37.685978,37.686294,37.686507,37.686613,37.686752,37.686851,37.686879,37.686982,37.687084,37.687178,37.687287,37.687387,37.687437,37.687547,37.687605,37.687692,37.687893,37.688049,37.688385,37.688482,37.688534,37.688561,37.688663,37.688807,37.688916,37.688935,37.688987,37.689035,37.689074,37.689163,37.689234,37.689361,37.689402,37.689428,37.689459,37.689563,37.689606,37.689647,37.689726,37.689786,37.689851,37.689996,37.690174,37.690456,37.690699,37.691178,37.691279,37.691477,37.691604,37.691789,37.691939,37.692064,37.692229,37.692365,37.692642,37.693281,37.693458,37.693527,37.693663,37.693792,37.694596,37.694693,37.695065,37.695546,37.695756,37.696108,37.696392,37.696648,37.696672,37.69673,37.696827,37.697241,37.697347,37.697418,37.697473,37.697732,37.697808,37.697878,37.697986,37.698034,37.698051,37.698081,37.698107,37.698118,37.698142,37.69819,37.698199,37.698223,37.698348,37.698489,37.698514,37.69854,37.698565,37.698575,37.698603,37.698651,37.698751,37.698801,37.698878,37.698988,37.699113,37.699137,37.699194,37.699362,37.69942,37.699677,37.699907,37.700201,37.700379,37.700598,37.700723,37.700892,37.701024,37.701196,37.701275,37.701403,37.701568,37.701665,37.70169,37.701728,37.701734,37.701734,37.701724,37.701684,37.701671,37.701601,37.701473,37.701438,37.701403,37.70122,37.701094,37.701027,37.700923,37.7005,37.700291,37.700188,37.700155,37.70007,37.700054,37.699925,37.699857,37.699837,37.699786,37.699741,37.699701,37.699633,37.699536,37.699485,37.699468,37.699461,37.699454,37.699441,37.699437,37.699352,37.699269,37.699178,37.699125,37.698969,37.698853,37.69876,37.69858,37.698543,37.698403,37.698284,37.69813,37.698071,37.697864,37.697575,37.697518,37.697477,37.697475,37.697507,37.697537,37.697605,37.697836,37.697856,37.69788,37.698047,37.698308,37.698459,37.698541,37.698594,37.698678,37.698705,37.698749,37.698781,37.698815,37.69885,37.698885,37.698988,37.699114,37.699322,37.699414,37.699511,37.69975,37.699892,37.700034,37.700234,37.700326,37.700383,37.700432,37.700475,37.700513,37.700561,37.700601,37.700619,37.700625,37.700639,37.700676,37.70071,37.700751,37.700899,37.701258,37.701373,37.701469,37.701493,37.701523,37.701534,37.701532,37.7015,37.701501,37.701519,37.701533,37.701583,37.701625,37.701756,37.701925,37.702158,37.70222,37.702411,37.702485,37.702509,37.70261,37.702813,37.70326,37.703362,37.703494,37.703561,37.70366,37.703856,37.704044,37.704344,37.704533,37.704632,37.705037,37.705133,37.705285,37.705332,37.705381,37.705398,37.705404,37.705394,37.705392,37.705375,37.705352,37.70518,37.705141,37.705087,37.704933,37.704864,37.704775,37.704738,37.704702,37.704616,37.70445,37.70443,37.704426,37.70443,37.704477,37.704516,37.704614,37.704642,37.704687,37.704744,37.704762,37.704765,37.704761,37.704699,37.704672,37.704485,37.704425,37.704308,37.704208,37.704136,37.704085,37.703779,37.703625,37.703577,37.70353,37.703448,37.70325,37.703226,37.703082,37.702826,37.70254,37.702497,37.70241,37.702386,37.702366,37.702351,37.702349,37.70236,37.702406,37.702478,37.702507,37.702627,37.702716,37.702751,37.702779,37.702787,37.702784,37.702768,37.70272,37.702688,37.702613,37.702571,37.702475,37.702395,37.702386,37.702404,37.702429,37.70249,37.702566,37.702646,37.702879,37.703398,37.703778,37.704308,37.704468,37.704686,37.704959,37.705047,37.705105,37.705166,37.705431,37.705911,37.70644,37.706686,37.70684,37.70699,37.707555,37.707565,37.708223,37.708433,37.709039,37.709449,37.709626,37.709644,37.709723,37.7098,37.709809,37.709834,37.70992,37.709955,37.710036,37.71007,37.710077,37.710031,37.709999,37.709909,37.709882,37.709873,37.709868,37.709903,37.709906,37.709945,37.709979,37.709984,37.710058,37.71012,37.71016,37.710168,37.710202,37.710245,37.710292,37.710445,37.710553,37.710628,37.710703,37.710751,37.710752,37.710761,37.710759,37.710748,37.710739,37.71074,37.710717,37.710688,37.710681,37.710668,37.710655,37.71064,37.710637,37.710646,37.710676,37.710736,37.710813,37.710835,37.710926,37.710971,37.711036,37.711099,37.711103,37.711136,37.711175,37.711192,37.711191,37.711183,37.711199,37.711232,37.711287,37.711334,37.711503,37.711609,37.711723,37.711832,37.711965,37.712033,37.712062,37.71239,37.712529,37.71265,37.71274,37.71278,37.712821,37.712834,37.712841,37.712838,37.712812,37.712792,37.712756,37.71271,37.712659,37.712528,37.712373,37.712326,37.712239,37.712219,37.7122,37.712206,37.712212,37.712223,37.712251,37.712345,37.712413,37.712568,37.71265,37.712737,37.712827,37.713163,37.713249,37.713302,37.713342,37.713386,37.713412,37.713516,37.713653,37.713823,37.713856,37.713884,37.7139,37.713906,37.713939,37.714065,37.714257,37.714312,37.714373,37.714521,37.714905,37.715213,37.715339,37.715455,37.715521,37.715603,37.71568,37.715982,37.716059,37.716158,37.716323,37.716366,37.71641,37.716416,37.716434,37.716471,37.716467,37.716468,37.716464,37.716475,37.716503,37.716518,37.716562,37.716604,37.716705,37.716744,37.716787,37.716867,37.716964,37.717156,37.717296,37.717384,37.717597,37.71806,37.718233,37.718334,37.71839,37.718484,37.718687,37.718858,37.718906,37.719026,37.719061,37.719073,37.719074,37.719053,37.71906,37.719069,37.719083,37.719091,37.719127,37.719173,37.7192,37.719322,37.719483,37.719619,37.719725,37.719909,37.720117,37.720255,37.720458,37.720556,37.72081,37.721007,37.721511,37.721575,37.721641,37.721804,37.721992,37.722036,37.722202,37.722234,37.722331,37.72236,37.722493,37.72283,37.723058,37.723114,37.723383,37.723412,37.723466,37.723554,37.723767,37.723997,37.724263,37.724466,37.724742,37.724812,37.724918,37.725021,37.725174,37.725206,37.725323,37.725485,37.725639,37.725655,37.725754,37.725792,37.725952,37.7262,37.7265,37.72674,37.726823,37.727037,37.727262,37.727332,37.727352,37.727535,37.727721,37.727938,37.728081,37.728229,37.728425,37.72875,37.729109,37.729714,37.729918,37.730129,37.730426,37.730608,37.730838,37.730907,37.731012,37.731048,37.731084,37.731162,37.731195,37.731225,37.73126,37.73129,37.731354,37.731446,37.731745,37.731909,37.732013,37.732083,37.732189,37.732401,37.732506,37.732612,37.732677,37.732753,37.732984,37.733047,37.733227,37.7334,37.733634,37.733875,37.734001,37.734227,37.734363,37.734433,37.734503,37.734574,37.734678,37.734708,37.734744,37.734764,37.734778,37.734956,37.734989,37.735082,37.73514,37.735235,37.735366,37.735875,37.736048,37.736152,37.736257,37.736362,37.736502,37.736642,37.736772,37.736806,37.736899,37.737017,37.737092,37.737139,37.737286,37.737675,37.737789,37.737856,37.738061,37.738096,37.738198,37.738262,37.738488,37.738552,37.738586,37.738689,37.738761,37.738866,37.738935,37.739001,37.739098,37.739307,37.739401,37.739598,37.739703,37.739845,37.740093,37.740509,37.740611,37.740677,37.740914,37.741015,37.741249,37.741346,37.741406,37.741438,37.7416,37.741759,37.741957,37.742025,37.742233,37.742408,37.742479,37.742514,37.742726,37.742774,37.742838,37.742879,37.742937,37.743008,37.7435,37.743569,37.74392,37.74406,37.744095,37.744317,37.74441,37.744516,37.744551,37.744585,37.744691,37.744817,37.74497,37.745005,37.745075,37.74511,37.745146,37.745174,37.745205,37.745257,37.74532,37.74539,37.745432,37.745491,37.745542,37.745589,37.745652,37.745741,37.745795,37.746065,37.746119,37.746176,37.746272,37.74634,37.746411,37.746517,37.74659,37.746801,37.747082,37.747361,37.747539,37.747647,37.747682,37.747753,37.748254,37.748397,37.74847,37.748726,37.748828,37.748946,37.749079,37.749151,37.749365,37.749436,37.749556,37.749712,37.749812,37.74991,37.74996,37.75001,37.750074,37.750094,37.750588,37.750945,37.750973,37.751006,37.751042,37.751098,37.75116,37.75134,37.751482,37.75159,37.751862,37.752135,37.752375,37.752752,37.752889,37.75306,37.753109,37.753649,37.753825,37.753931,37.754,37.754069,37.754314,37.75456,37.75463,37.754736,37.754942,37.755011,37.755151,37.755221,37.755626,37.755691,37.755753,37.755787,37.75585,37.755918,37.755974,37.756039,37.756104,37.756134,37.756309,37.756373,37.756419,37.756511,37.756606,37.756689,37.756739,37.756953,37.75705,37.757217,37.757496,37.757596,37.757726,37.757794,37.757859,37.757958,37.758125,37.7583,37.758508,37.758542,37.758714,37.758889,37.759265,37.759723,37.759792,37.760136,37.760306,37.760773,37.761056,37.761237,37.761534,37.761854,37.761991,37.762171,37.762218,37.762249,37.762318,37.762423,37.762458,37.762561,37.76258,37.762653,37.762714,37.762799,37.764526,37.764696,37.765083,37.765117,37.765719,37.765888,37.76592,37.766074,37.766407,37.766572,37.76664,37.766769,37.76686,37.766888,37.76695,37.767058,37.767142,37.767202,37.767277,37.767319,37.767414,37.767467,37.767625,37.767706,37.767744,37.767752,37.767759,37.767804,37.767863,37.768284,37.768432,37.768591,37.768759,37.768881,37.769038,37.769069,37.769169,37.769412,37.769517,37.769587,37.76987,37.769976,37.770148,37.770352,37.770549,37.770683,37.770713,37.770778,37.770838,37.770967,37.771482,37.771585,37.771652,37.771672,37.771742,37.771835,37.771914,37.771978,37.772046,37.7721,37.77223,37.77241,37.772506,37.772539,37.772602,37.772668,37.772736,37.772875,37.772946,37.773017,37.773052,37.77312,37.773186,37.773281,37.773342,37.773515,37.7736,37.77371,37.773796,37.773973,37.774005,37.774173,37.774385,37.774491,37.774702,37.774769,37.774801,37.774868,37.774933,37.775153,37.775627,37.775725,37.77576,37.775826,37.775963,37.776267,37.776496,37.776837,37.776912,37.777017,37.777344,37.777434,37.777487,37.777518,37.77771,37.777872,37.778064,37.778158,37.77818,37.778261,37.778271,37.778303,37.778348,37.778355,37.778369,37.778374,37.778394,37.778409,37.778423,37.778454,37.778478,37.778492,37.778546,37.77854,37.778528,37.778507,37.778495,37.778456,37.778433,37.778339,37.778246,37.778155,37.778051,37.778032,37.778016,37.778017,37.778021,37.778043,37.778079,37.778144,37.778191,37.778234,37.778281,37.778403,37.778466,37.778563,37.778664,37.778804,37.778872,37.779075,37.779206,37.779257,37.779328,37.779386,37.779411,37.779443,37.779528,37.779599,37.779676,37.779804,37.779875,37.77993,37.77996,37.780043,37.780148,37.780223,37.780391,37.780568,37.780633,37.780765,37.7808,37.780906,37.781118,37.781152,37.781305,37.78141,37.781431,37.781548,37.781612,37.781715,37.781746,37.781761,37.781772,37.781774,37.781775,37.781776,37.781777,37.781783,37.781783,37.781746,37.78174,37.781764,37.781805,37.781822,37.781866,37.781891,37.781895,37.78192,37.781976,37.781994,37.781997,37.781999,37.782001,37.782011,37.782016,37.782016,37.78197,37.781903,37.781856,37.78187,37.781972,37.782164,37.782548,37.782615,37.782731,37.782862,37.78295,37.783126,37.783217,37.783271,37.783306,37.78341,37.78348,37.783549,37.783619,37.783787,37.783856,37.784169,37.784309,37.784343,37.784449,37.784657,37.784762,37.784902,37.785178,37.78527,37.78535,37.785419,37.785504,37.785527,37.785559,37.78556,37.785553,37.785542,37.785499,37.785479,37.785463,37.785444,37.78524,37.785198,37.785133,37.785035,37.785002,37.784941,37.784929,37.784932,37.785031,37.785098,37.785118,37.785141,37.785158,37.785179,37.785203,37.785224,37.785276,37.785373,37.785469,37.785632,37.785727,37.785787,37.786162,37.786357,37.78642,37.786886,37.787124,37.78721,37.787306,37.787332,37.78734,37.787363,37.787371,37.787378,37.787378,37.78737,37.787352,37.787333,37.787304,37.787276,37.787282,37.787315,37.78734,37.787371,37.787453,37.787591,37.787638,37.787665,37.787739,37.78776,37.787807,37.787938,37.787957,37.787998,37.788009,37.787994,37.787953,37.787925,37.787891,37.787617,37.787551,37.787517,37.787163,37.787069,37.786837,37.786739,37.786686,37.786274,37.786223,37.786113,37.785789,37.785727,37.785679,37.785646,37.785612,37.785612,37.785631,37.78563,37.785633,37.785676,37.785703,37.785753,37.785803,37.785823,37.785953,37.786001,37.786047,37.786065,37.786094,37.786096,37.786083,37.786079,37.786077,37.78606,37.786039,37.786038,37.786025,37.785999,37.785882,37.785686,37.785652,37.785641,37.785608,37.785584,37.785543,37.785515,37.785421,37.785375,37.785354,37.785347,37.785341,37.785341,37.78531,37.785275,37.78518,37.785038,37.784972,37.784898,37.784806,37.784789,37.784768,37.784772,37.784782,37.784805,37.784816,37.784842,37.784973,37.784983,37.785015,37.785055,37.785137,37.785295,37.785377,37.785509,37.785699,37.785745,37.785821,37.785903,37.78608,37.786205,37.78627,37.786366,37.786583,37.786902,37.786996,37.787145,37.78719,37.787237,37.787245,37.787248,37.787265,37.787274,37.787284,37.78731,37.787316,37.78733,37.78734,37.787406,37.787415,37.787423,37.787428,37.78742,37.787403,37.787388,37.787368,37.787248,37.787146,37.787111,37.787077,37.786893,37.786744,37.786622,37.786458,37.786319,37.786285,37.786152,37.786025,37.785667,37.785644,37.785592,37.785498,37.785469,37.785422,37.785369,37.785035,37.784901,37.784798,37.784691,37.784646,37.784637,37.784608,37.78459,37.784564,37.784566,37.784574,37.784593,37.784631,37.784652,37.784684,37.784705,37.784777,37.784857,37.785045,37.785176,37.785244,37.785713,37.785844,37.785971,37.786089,37.786193,37.786325,37.786413,37.786491,37.786497,37.786505,37.786499,37.786491,37.786415,37.786363,37.786349,37.786364,37.786369,37.786385,37.786398,37.786408,37.786449,37.786486,37.786627,37.786765,37.786809,37.787028,37.787061,37.787193,37.787488,37.787604,37.787884,37.787943,37.788053,37.788085,37.788114,37.78822,37.788243,37.788305,37.788336,37.788341,37.788374,37.788451,37.788492,37.788541,37.788561,37.788748,37.788928,37.789119,37.789284,37.789386,37.790131,37.790129,37.790116,37.790199,37.790309,37.79038,37.790435,37.790465,37.790556,37.790615,37.790635,37.790858,37.79116,37.791681,37.791956,37.79245,37.792851,37.793126,37.793593,37.793938,37.794158,37.794361,37.794597,37.794801,37.794954,37.795191,37.795548,37.795971,37.796081,37.796246,37.796444,37.796636,37.796856,37.79735,37.797981,37.79824,37.798492,37.79875,37.798904,37.799096,37.7993,37.799437,37.799536,37.7997,37.799876,37.800112,37.800453,37.800634,37.80081,37.801117,37.801364,37.801803,37.801979,37.802199,37.802418,37.8025,37.802528,37.802572,37.802572,37.802445,37.802252,37.802208,37.802153,37.802153,37.802203,37.802274,37.802194,37.802172,37.802161,37.802217,37.802239,37.802272,37.802201,37.802113,37.801976,37.801937,37.801976,37.802141,37.802223,37.802597,37.802696,37.802822,37.803212,37.803531,37.803745,37.803888,37.803965,37.80407,37.804207,37.804361,37.804641,37.804795,37.80507,37.805548,37.805998,37.806432,37.806751,37.806894,37.806993,37.80701,37.807081,37.80712,37.807225,37.807384,37.807604,37.807846,37.808181,37.808532,37.808745,37.809631,37.809735,37.810131,37.810405,37.810658,37.810872,37.811076,37.811208,37.811372,37.812031,37.812339,37.812943,37.813224,37.813416,37.813575,37.813715,37.813773,37.813971,37.814141,37.814152,37.814147,37.814043,37.814039,37.81401,37.813873,37.813588,37.813456,37.813308,37.813286,37.813264,37.813198,37.813154,37.813028,37.812929,37.812748,37.812627,37.812518,37.812304,37.811837,37.811678,37.811601,37.811541,37.811387,37.811382,37.811261,37.81108,37.811009,37.810894,37.810696,37.810482,37.810263,37.809862,37.809505,37.809329,37.809132,37.808939,37.808874,37.808627,37.808583,37.808533,37.808336,37.808149,37.808034,37.807897,37.807573,37.80732,37.807172,37.807167,37.807008,37.806925,37.806914,37.806958,37.807101,37.807129,37.807101,37.80692,37.806684,37.806618,37.806574,37.806492,37.806327,37.806272,37.80624,37.806141,37.805959,37.805938,37.805938,37.806004,37.80602,37.805993,37.805916,37.805663,37.805284,37.805092,37.805015,37.804982,37.804631,37.804543,37.804529,37.804121,37.803969,37.803538,37.803464,37.803252,37.803199,37.803135,37.803097,37.803154,37.803215]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F89106","#CAAF34","#F4A611","#F89106","#F89106"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Median family income: $67,656<br>Census Tract: 9501.02<br>Area Name: Lovingston","Median family income: $105,938<br>Census Tract: 9502.02<br>Area Name: Wintergreen-Rockfish Valley","Median family income: $85,833<br>Census Tract: 9502.01<br>Area Name: Afton-Schuyler","Median family income: $67,841<br>Census Tract: 9501.01<br>Area Name: Wintergreen-Wingina","Median family income: $69,871<br>Census Tract: 9503<br>Area Name: Roseland"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#EE6400","#F47B03","#F89106","#F4A611","#CAAF34","#89B162","#49B492","#2EB1AA","#4CA7A9"],"labels":["20,000 &ndash; 40,000","40,000 &ndash; 60,000","60,000 &ndash; 80,000","80,000 &ndash; 100,000","100,000 &ndash; 120,000","120,000 &ndash; 140,000","140,000 &ndash; 160,000","160,000 &ndash; 180,000","180,000 &ndash; 200,000"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Median family income","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.535642,38.04737],"lng":[-79.172135,-78.64078]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

The Lovingston tract has the lowest median family incomes at \$67,656.
By contrast, the Wintergreen-Rockfish Valley tract has the highest
median family income at \$105,938.

The following map shows the concentration of low-paid families. Similar
to the other counties, in Fluvanna County, the tract with the lowest
median family income also has the highest percentage of families making
less than \$35,000 yearly.

##### Percent of Families Making under \$35,000 in Nelson County

<div id="htmlwidget-9a4ba1fdb49b3e23d4bc" style="width:100%;height:480px;" class="leaflet html-widget "></div>
<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-9a4ba1fdb49b3e23d4bc">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["CartoDB.Positron",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"detectRetina":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-78.908844,-78.908565,-78.908344,-78.908223,-78.907898,-78.907709,-78.907284,-78.905705,-78.905314,-78.90491,-78.904525,-78.904033,-78.903337,-78.902528,-78.902455,-78.902055,-78.901704,-78.901372,-78.901207,-78.901102,-78.90093,-78.900791,-78.900736,-78.900601,-78.900394,-78.900222,-78.900079,-78.900004,-78.899716,-78.899467,-78.899406,-78.89922,-78.899008,-78.898838,-78.898749,-78.898619,-78.898501,-78.898424,-78.898396,-78.89823,-78.897785,-78.897326,-78.897029,-78.896755,-78.896087,-78.895863,-78.895376,-78.89492,-78.894224,-78.893951,-78.893208,-78.893101,-78.892951,-78.892829,-78.892725,-78.892653,-78.892395,-78.892264,-78.891874,-78.891809,-78.891615,-78.891508,-78.891316,-78.891154,-78.891075,-78.891011,-78.890701,-78.890539,-78.890353,-78.890099,-78.889796,-78.889504,-78.889217,-78.888946,-78.888623,-78.888513,-78.888267,-78.887876,-78.887675,-78.887504,-78.887277,-78.887216,-78.887135,-78.886534,-78.886162,-78.8861,-78.885899,-78.885622,-78.885356,-78.884605,-78.884042,-78.882882,-78.882051,-78.880834,-78.880019,-78.879743,-78.879564,-78.879414,-78.878401,-78.877848,-78.877571,-78.877277,-78.876998,-78.876891,-78.876626,-78.876378,-78.876192,-78.876061,-78.875786,-78.875703,-78.875458,-78.874932,-78.874501,-78.874328,-78.873994,-78.873789,-78.873696,-78.873528,-78.873052,-78.872862,-78.87242,-78.872239,-78.871971,-78.871552,-78.87129,-78.870975,-78.870432,-78.870389,-78.870285,-78.870009,-78.869831,-78.869743,-78.869634,-78.869558,-78.869502,-78.869424,-78.8694,-78.869395,-78.869423,-78.869491,-78.869567,-78.86966,-78.869743,-78.869793,-78.870127,-78.870244,-78.870299,-78.870337,-78.870356,-78.870355,-78.870334,-78.870232,-78.870207,-78.870006,-78.869696,-78.869556,-78.869391,-78.869197,-78.869033,-78.868889,-78.868643,-78.868399,-78.868224,-78.868067,-78.867497,-78.867434,-78.867364,-78.867185,-78.867156,-78.867042,-78.866889,-78.866747,-78.866497,-78.86644,-78.86633,-78.866066,-78.865703,-78.865457,-78.865164,-78.864927,-78.864619,-78.864482,-78.864349,-78.8642,-78.864035,-78.863846,-78.863641,-78.863269,-78.863117,-78.86295,-78.862701,-78.86248,-78.862275,-78.862199,-78.862007,-78.861989,-78.861909,-78.861883,-78.861846,-78.861828,-78.861827,-78.861837,-78.861844,-78.861878,-78.861919,-78.861971,-78.862007,-78.862056,-78.862086,-78.862072,-78.86204,-78.862013,-78.861998,-78.861924,-78.861841,-78.861741,-78.861625,-78.861494,-78.861378,-78.860331,-78.860043,-78.858494,-78.85833,-78.858068,-78.85772,-78.857273,-78.856997,-78.856635,-78.855693,-78.85561,-78.855262,-78.854965,-78.853694,-78.853389,-78.852362,-78.851981,-78.851515,-78.851048,-78.85085,-78.850729,-78.850652,-78.850085,-78.848637,-78.846503,-78.846263,-78.845641,-78.845198,-78.844287,-78.843809,-78.841255,-78.840635,-78.840114,-78.839772,-78.839408,-78.839049,-78.838766,-78.838386,-78.838147,-78.837849,-78.837407,-78.837204,-78.837053,-78.836731,-78.836436,-78.836259,-78.836111,-78.835829,-78.835504,-78.835352,-78.835272,-78.83504,-78.834924,-78.834803,-78.834478,-78.833853,-78.833724,-78.833208,-78.831919,-78.831568,-78.831293,-78.831013,-78.83077,-78.829687,-78.829526,-78.829353,-78.828845,-78.828553,-78.828248,-78.827736,-78.82744,-78.827359,-78.827219,-78.827033,-78.82681,-78.826636,-78.826324,-78.825848,-78.825635,-78.825481,-78.825276,-78.825211,-78.825103,-78.824897,-78.824729,-78.824463,-78.824189,-78.823103,-78.822603,-78.821859,-78.820977,-78.82066,-78.820219,-78.82006,-78.819978,-78.81988,-78.819729,-78.819682,-78.819559,-78.819239,-78.818989,-78.818686,-78.818384,-78.818085,-78.817789,-78.817527,-78.817098,-78.816677,-78.816136,-78.815792,-78.815125,-78.814222,-78.813689,-78.813208,-78.812814,-78.812538,-78.812222,-78.81199,-78.81172,-78.81145,-78.811288,-78.810966,-78.810704,-78.810498,-78.810246,-78.80993,-78.809727,-78.809573,-78.809276,-78.809029,-78.808807,-78.808527,-78.808311,-78.808089,-78.807811,-78.807589,-78.807297,-78.807,-78.806691,-78.806302,-78.805184,-78.80503,-78.804012,-78.80083,-78.80053,-78.800234,-78.799993,-78.799728,-78.799411,-78.799034,-78.798785,-78.798479,-78.798306,-78.798051,-78.797729,-78.797459,-78.797198,-78.796949,-78.796086,-78.795771,-78.795579,-78.79536,-78.795129,-78.794879,-78.79462,-78.794354,-78.794027,-78.793805,-78.793467,-78.793125,-78.792933,-78.792722,-78.792238,-78.791688,-78.791137,-78.790713,-78.790444,-78.79016,-78.78988,-78.789604,-78.789287,-78.789014,-78.788681,-78.788395,-78.788106,-78.787653,-78.787324,-78.787056,-78.786677,-78.78636,-78.786295,-78.785994,-78.785644,-78.785267,-78.784941,-78.784589,-78.782216,-78.780494,-78.779989,-78.778484,-78.778415,-78.777773,-78.777066,-78.776444,-78.775647,-78.774632,-78.773646,-78.773628,-78.773448,-78.773282,-78.772981,-78.772128,-78.771161,-78.770651,-78.769991,-78.768859,-78.768162,-78.767015,-78.76637,-78.765119,-78.761663,-78.760903,-78.760298,-78.75996,-78.7597,-78.759535,-78.759118,-78.758781,-78.758276,-78.758071,-78.757154,-78.756986,-78.756546,-78.756115,-78.755862,-78.755244,-78.754769,-78.754377,-78.753945,-78.753673,-78.753364,-78.753217,-78.752739,-78.752046,-78.75166,-78.751401,-78.751134,-78.750789,-78.750504,-78.750081,-78.74973,-78.749369,-78.748998,-78.748624,-78.748053,-78.747045,-78.746537,-78.746473,-78.745985,-78.7456,-78.744986,-78.744673,-78.744246,-78.743761,-78.743416,-78.742954,-78.742639,-78.742337,-78.742294,-78.741896,-78.741503,-78.741291,-78.741254,-78.740963,-78.740705,-78.740668,-78.740453,-78.739901,-78.739675,-78.739434,-78.739176,-78.73895,-78.738655,-78.738411,-78.738094,-78.737733,-78.737429,-78.73708,-78.73657,-78.736186,-78.735435,-78.734529,-78.733874,-78.733562,-78.733042,-78.732716,-78.732117,-78.732092,-78.730987,-78.730857,-78.73083,-78.730436,-78.730265,-78.72937,-78.727769,-78.727047,-78.726791,-78.726032,-78.725983,-78.725865,-78.725856,-78.725821,-78.725236,-78.723828,-78.722711,-78.722294,-78.721771,-78.721301,-78.72097,-78.72053,-78.718964,-78.718063,-78.717596,-78.717323,-78.71615,-78.713065,-78.71304,-78.712079,-78.709018,-78.708638,-78.708046,-78.708375,-78.708789,-78.709471,-78.709749,-78.710232,-78.710504,-78.710721,-78.711038,-78.711298,-78.711465,-78.711693,-78.712242,-78.712655,-78.71383,-78.714552,-78.714964,-78.715303,-78.715743,-78.716375,-78.717822,-78.718285,-78.719546,-78.720396,-78.721294,-78.721782,-78.722159,-78.722293,-78.722653,-78.722782,-78.723057,-78.723061,-78.723077,-78.723153,-78.723237,-78.723354,-78.723431,-78.72354,-78.723649,-78.723743,-78.723855,-78.723932,-78.724056,-78.724239,-78.72438,-78.72456,-78.724964,-78.725277,-78.725434,-78.725636,-78.726047,-78.726185,-78.726236,-78.726356,-78.726417,-78.726538,-78.726656,-78.726849,-78.726972,-78.727234,-78.727941,-78.72843,-78.728795,-78.728923,-78.729059,-78.729327,-78.729511,-78.729918,-78.730184,-78.730311,-78.730455,-78.730559,-78.730696,-78.73084,-78.731058,-78.731102,-78.731375,-78.732437,-78.732619,-78.732797,-78.732935,-78.73332,-78.733547,-78.733766,-78.734557,-78.735044,-78.735275,-78.735709,-78.735837,-78.735932,-78.736568,-78.736973,-78.737062,-78.73716,-78.737244,-78.737374,-78.737511,-78.737786,-78.737965,-78.738402,-78.738563,-78.738761,-78.738929,-78.739097,-78.739198,-78.740003,-78.740852,-78.741034,-78.74123,-78.741381,-78.741479,-78.741907,-78.742052,-78.742191,-78.74227,-78.742316,-78.742404,-78.742969,-78.74305,-78.743213,-78.743273,-78.743315,-78.74334,-78.743347,-78.74335,-78.743387,-78.743425,-78.743521,-78.743559,-78.743647,-78.743712,-78.743792,-78.743886,-78.743956,-78.744088,-78.744157,-78.74423,-78.744548,-78.744631,-78.744701,-78.744747,-78.744783,-78.744812,-78.744838,-78.744859,-78.744882,-78.7449,-78.744949,-78.745027,-78.745083,-78.745638,-78.745779,-78.745897,-78.745948,-78.746023,-78.746106,-78.746153,-78.746261,-78.746372,-78.746388,-78.746562,-78.746657,-78.746886,-78.746991,-78.747076,-78.747302,-78.747364,-78.747401,-78.74743,-78.747452,-78.747465,-78.7475,-78.747531,-78.747643,-78.747776,-78.747925,-78.748143,-78.748285,-78.748237,-78.748254,-78.74828,-78.748318,-78.748407,-78.748592,-78.748658,-78.748724,-78.74876,-78.749078,-78.749373,-78.749494,-78.74963,-78.749783,-78.74992,-78.750088,-78.750234,-78.750431,-78.750759,-78.751002,-78.751115,-78.751218,-78.75131,-78.751359,-78.751425,-78.751481,-78.751517,-78.751563,-78.75158,-78.751578,-78.751565,-78.751442,-78.751442,-78.751459,-78.751495,-78.751548,-78.751617,-78.751678,-78.751763,-78.751858,-78.751981,-78.752067,-78.75218,-78.752253,-78.752462,-78.75256,-78.752659,-78.752757,-78.752877,-78.752982,-78.753023,-78.753076,-78.753227,-78.753348,-78.753454,-78.753769,-78.754175,-78.75471,-78.754897,-78.754967,-78.75513,-78.755239,-78.755294,-78.755455,-78.755468,-78.755593,-78.755629,-78.755683,-78.75575,-78.755788,-78.75595,-78.756074,-78.756205,-78.756297,-78.756395,-78.756466,-78.756555,-78.75662,-78.756717,-78.756862,-78.757005,-78.757213,-78.75739,-78.757465,-78.757776,-78.757926,-78.757982,-78.758052,-78.758262,-78.758412,-78.758666,-78.759227,-78.759509,-78.760097,-78.760543,-78.760921,-78.761139,-78.761325,-78.761448,-78.761672,-78.761836,-78.761955,-78.762134,-78.762299,-78.762422,-78.762563,-78.762667,-78.763052,-78.763143,-78.763285,-78.76342,-78.763508,-78.763583,-78.763653,-78.763749,-78.76384,-78.763939,-78.764043,-78.76481,-78.764912,-78.765008,-78.765195,-78.765296,-78.765384,-78.765491,-78.765565,-78.7659,-78.76597,-78.766112,-78.767055,-78.767384,-78.767631,-78.767956,-78.768302,-78.768444,-78.769044,-78.769714,-78.76983,-78.770023,-78.770103,-78.770323,-78.770578,-78.770764,-78.770891,-78.770921,-78.771034,-78.771102,-78.771142,-78.771158,-78.771156,-78.771128,-78.77107,-78.770945,-78.77091,-78.770895,-78.77092,-78.770961,-78.771143,-78.771268,-78.771334,-78.771399,-78.771532,-78.771612,-78.771636,-78.771642,-78.77163,-78.771597,-78.771588,-78.771524,-78.771428,-78.771316,-78.771163,-78.770927,-78.77086,-78.770767,-78.770713,-78.770687,-78.770685,-78.770688,-78.770693,-78.7707,-78.77071,-78.770724,-78.77074,-78.770764,-78.770797,-78.770872,-78.770944,-78.771047,-78.771164,-78.771282,-78.77144,-78.771608,-78.773084,-78.773196,-78.773375,-78.773575,-78.77367,-78.773764,-78.773842,-78.773937,-78.773997,-78.774039,-78.774048,-78.774038,-78.774012,-78.773957,-78.773895,-78.773788,-78.773578,-78.773503,-78.773423,-78.773362,-78.773313,-78.773283,-78.773273,-78.773281,-78.773307,-78.773352,-78.77341,-78.773511,-78.773671,-78.773739,-78.773851,-78.77398,-78.774023,-78.774108,-78.774179,-78.774247,-78.774306,-78.774348,-78.774442,-78.774526,-78.774563,-78.774638,-78.77471,-78.774902,-78.775131,-78.775363,-78.775582,-78.775666,-78.77625,-78.776548,-78.776977,-78.779067,-78.779479,-78.779712,-78.779783,-78.77995,-78.780016,-78.780124,-78.780259,-78.780748,-78.782272,-78.782519,-78.782715,-78.782848,-78.783097,-78.783182,-78.783287,-78.78343,-78.783513,-78.783603,-78.783724,-78.78382,-78.783956,-78.784251,-78.784373,-78.784478,-78.784515,-78.78508,-78.785162,-78.785182,-78.785226,-78.785272,-78.785301,-78.785307,-78.785291,-78.785307,-78.78534,-78.785391,-78.785428,-78.785455,-78.785516,-78.785643,-78.785725,-78.78591,-78.786101,-78.786298,-78.786498,-78.786658,-78.786917,-78.787041,-78.787192,-78.787279,-78.787473,-78.78763,-78.787826,-78.788158,-78.788273,-78.788408,-78.788515,-78.788783,-78.789074,-78.789213,-78.789449,-78.78967,-78.789731,-78.789822,-78.789968,-78.790152,-78.790345,-78.790562,-78.790771,-78.790942,-78.791013,-78.791073,-78.791117,-78.791195,-78.791234,-78.791292,-78.791367,-78.79142,-78.791604,-78.791762,-78.791865,-78.79198,-78.792128,-78.792256,-78.792378,-78.792496,-78.79261,-78.792709,-78.792881,-78.793026,-78.793553,-78.79371,-78.793893,-78.794063,-78.794828,-78.794894,-78.794939,-78.794979,-78.794987,-78.794996,-78.794991,-78.794956,-78.79462,-78.794582,-78.794561,-78.794558,-78.794578,-78.794614,-78.794667,-78.794737,-78.794822,-78.795061,-78.795263,-78.795515,-78.795788,-78.79588,-78.795929,-78.796028,-78.796225,-78.796362,-78.796503,-78.797072,-78.797239,-78.797382,-78.797516,-78.797639,-78.797771,-78.798204,-78.798426,-78.798799,-78.799112,-78.799226,-78.799381,-78.799549,-78.800164,-78.800277,-78.800377,-78.800585,-78.801025,-78.801157,-78.801447,-78.801763,-78.801957,-78.803036,-78.803143,-78.80323,-78.803318,-78.803393,-78.803847,-78.803912,-78.803974,-78.804008,-78.803974,-78.803951,-78.803952,-78.804274,-78.804327,-78.804396,-78.804405,-78.804512,-78.804545,-78.804601,-78.804666,-78.804762,-78.804775,-78.804775,-78.804752,-78.804657,-78.804635,-78.804591,-78.804592,-78.804592,-78.8046,-78.804615,-78.804654,-78.80471,-78.804783,-78.804892,-78.805002,-78.805137,-78.805278,-78.805376,-78.805381,-78.805387,-78.805391,-78.805376,-78.805361,-78.805342,-78.805304,-78.80528,-78.805227,-78.805164,-78.805072,-78.805022,-78.804988,-78.804896,-78.804715,-78.804533,-78.804457,-78.80395,-78.803791,-78.803651,-78.803415,-78.803149,-78.802938,-78.802913,-78.802825,-78.802796,-78.802702,-78.802646,-78.802596,-78.802508,-78.802459,-78.802423,-78.802395,-78.802386,-78.802394,-78.802403,-78.802406,-78.802458,-78.802473,-78.80249,-78.802519,-78.802564,-78.802638,-78.802728,-78.80285,-78.802915,-78.803001,-78.803069,-78.803101,-78.803106,-78.803114,-78.803108,-78.803089,-78.803047,-78.802983,-78.802902,-78.802804,-78.802737,-78.802675,-78.802254,-78.80203,-78.801816,-78.801496,-78.800961,-78.800869,-78.800862,-78.800874,-78.800889,-78.800925,-78.801584,-78.801954,-78.802171,-78.802342,-78.80248,-78.802652,-78.802905,-78.80308,-78.803319,-78.803451,-78.803624,-78.803764,-78.803913,-78.804038,-78.804142,-78.804405,-78.804732,-78.804845,-78.804953,-78.805053,-78.805164,-78.805263,-78.805355,-78.805422,-78.805508,-78.805588,-78.805702,-78.805755,-78.80586,-78.805989,-78.806089,-78.806317,-78.806441,-78.80652,-78.806657,-78.806826,-78.808352,-78.808398,-78.808445,-78.808599,-78.808861,-78.809088,-78.809147,-78.809271,-78.809374,-78.809437,-78.809528,-78.809752,-78.809992,-78.810058,-78.810247,-78.81045,-78.810564,-78.811067,-78.811537,-78.811812,-78.812062,-78.812846,-78.812985,-78.813343,-78.813492,-78.813764,-78.813929,-78.814154,-78.814443,-78.815033,-78.816207,-78.816282,-78.816359,-78.816436,-78.81651,-78.816672,-78.816899,-78.818187,-78.81924,-78.819434,-78.819551,-78.820814,-78.821654,-78.821963,-78.822037,-78.822096,-78.822488,-78.823095,-78.823388,-78.824461,-78.82478,-78.825145,-78.825406,-78.825657,-78.825818,-78.825978,-78.826103,-78.826276,-78.826441,-78.826566,-78.826949,-78.827014,-78.827054,-78.827073,-78.827086,-78.827099,-78.827094,-78.827073,-78.827044,-78.826973,-78.826792,-78.826742,-78.826665,-78.826542,-78.826447,-78.82634,-78.826277,-78.826026,-78.825945,-78.825874,-78.825817,-78.825775,-78.825763,-78.825741,-78.825743,-78.825813,-78.825811,-78.825784,-78.825743,-78.825677,-78.825614,-78.825495,-78.82537,-78.825086,-78.824967,-78.824856,-78.824773,-78.824698,-78.824617,-78.824563,-78.824517,-78.824481,-78.82439,-78.824327,-78.824304,-78.824167,-78.824159,-78.824169,-78.824198,-78.824282,-78.824377,-78.82449,-78.824632,-78.825069,-78.825146,-78.825553,-78.825839,-78.825984,-78.826189,-78.826439,-78.826603,-78.82666,-78.826695,-78.826829,-78.82691,-78.826938,-78.827139,-78.827348,-78.827471,-78.827541,-78.827611,-78.827708,-78.827956,-78.828272,-78.828934,-78.829201,-78.829534,-78.829727,-78.830019,-78.830328,-78.830527,-78.830962,-78.831021,-78.831052,-78.831066,-78.831062,-78.831042,-78.830863,-78.830664,-78.830718,-78.831243,-78.831499,-78.831516,-78.831907,-78.832128,-78.83257,-78.832681,-78.832764,-78.832874,-78.833013,-78.83331,-78.833448,-78.833884,-78.834126,-78.834222,-78.83434,-78.834388,-78.834423,-78.834464,-78.834519,-78.834602,-78.834665,-78.835038,-78.835107,-78.835328,-78.83539,-78.83548,-78.835639,-78.835812,-78.835874,-78.835936,-78.83622,-78.836317,-78.836379,-78.836441,-78.836738,-78.836821,-78.836932,-78.837015,-78.837243,-78.837347,-78.83745,-78.837506,-78.837526,-78.837581,-78.837616,-78.837657,-78.837775,-78.837816,-78.837872,-78.837934,-78.837982,-78.83801,-78.838079,-78.838307,-78.838383,-78.83857,-78.838646,-78.838763,-78.838839,-78.838943,-78.838991,-78.839047,-78.839102,-78.839178,-78.83924,-78.839289,-78.839365,-78.839545,-78.840132,-78.840243,-78.841183,-78.841259,-78.84139,-78.841446,-78.84148,-78.84154,-78.841653,-78.841722,-78.841985,-78.842137,-78.84222,-78.842351,-78.842413,-78.842593,-78.842628,-78.842676,-78.84271,-78.842807,-78.842904,-78.843028,-78.843415,-78.843477,-78.843519,-78.843636,-78.84374,-78.843885,-78.84412,-78.844369,-78.844963,-78.845094,-78.845212,-78.845619,-78.845792,-78.845875,-78.846151,-78.846297,-78.846373,-78.846504,-78.846649,-78.847009,-78.84761,-78.847762,-78.848758,-78.848944,-78.849221,-78.84938,-78.849456,-78.849525,-78.849601,-78.849712,-78.849739,-78.849795,-78.849787,-78.849801,-78.849836,-78.849967,-78.850078,-78.85014,-78.850209,-78.850499,-78.850575,-78.850603,-78.850699,-78.850837,-78.850893,-78.851065,-78.851072,-78.8511,-78.850692,-78.850284,-78.849959,-78.849772,-78.849565,-78.849426,-78.849322,-78.849233,-78.849253,-78.849322,-78.849364,-78.849447,-78.84955,-78.84964,-78.849751,-78.849889,-78.850283,-78.850394,-78.850553,-78.850705,-78.850836,-78.850995,-78.851119,-78.851188,-78.851264,-78.851713,-78.851872,-78.852107,-78.852218,-78.852321,-78.852425,-78.852473,-78.852473,-78.852439,-78.85239,-78.85212,-78.851816,-78.851615,-78.851532,-78.851443,-78.851187,-78.851062,-78.850655,-78.850537,-78.850454,-78.850399,-78.850364,-78.85035,-78.850371,-78.85044,-78.850682,-78.850751,-78.850792,-78.850806,-78.850792,-78.850902,-78.850937,-78.851027,-78.851441,-78.851614,-78.851697,-78.852084,-78.8529,-78.853169,-78.853501,-78.853625,-78.853701,-78.853943,-78.854026,-78.854095,-78.85422,-78.854324,-78.854455,-78.854559,-78.854635,-78.854773,-78.854814,-78.854945,-78.854994,-78.855235,-78.855291,-78.855436,-78.855587,-78.85567,-78.855739,-78.85596,-78.856209,-78.856956,-78.857184,-78.857336,-78.857536,-78.857626,-78.85793,-78.858048,-78.858338,-78.858428,-78.858601,-78.858787,-78.859679,-78.860273,-78.860363,-78.860398,-78.860404,-78.860342,-78.86028,-78.860086,-78.860003,-78.859927,-78.859692,-78.859595,-78.859547,-78.859491,-78.859422,-78.859235,-78.859207,-78.85918,-78.859166,-78.859173,-78.859262,-78.859428,-78.859511,-78.859608,-78.859774,-78.85996,-78.860126,-78.860271,-78.860437,-78.860548,-78.860686,-78.861024,-78.861273,-78.86137,-78.861481,-78.861598,-78.861646,-78.861688,-78.86175,-78.861764,-78.861729,-78.861681,-78.861612,-78.861307,-78.860816,-78.860712,-78.860111,-78.860021,-78.85991,-78.859814,-78.859751,-78.859544,-78.858915,-78.858666,-78.858494,-78.858335,-78.858106,-78.857851,-78.857657,-78.857491,-78.857455,-78.857446,-78.857367,-78.857359,-78.857363,-78.857401,-78.857449,-78.857522,-78.857641,-78.858138,-78.858349,-78.858597,-78.858913,-78.859139,-78.859183,-78.85957,-78.859764,-78.859916,-78.860172,-78.860448,-78.860642,-78.861209,-78.861968,-78.862093,-78.862166,-78.862255,-78.862535,-78.862704,-78.862775,-78.862827,-78.862876,-78.862925,-78.862999,-78.863094,-78.86318,-78.863345,-78.863452,-78.86352,-78.863562,-78.863585,-78.863589,-78.863585,-78.863552,-78.863502,-78.863437,-78.863226,-78.863054,-78.862997,-78.862942,-78.86291,-78.86289,-78.862882,-78.862893,-78.862923,-78.86295,-78.863034,-78.863089,-78.863123,-78.863171,-78.863191,-78.863196,-78.863217,-78.863266,-78.863615,-78.863668,-78.863696,-78.8637,-78.863693,-78.863687,-78.86366,-78.863641,-78.863525,-78.863465,-78.863407,-78.863343,-78.863259,-78.863196,-78.863087,-78.862948,-78.862895,-78.862844,-78.862801,-78.862767,-78.862736,-78.862635,-78.862542,-78.862414,-78.862251,-78.862036,-78.861946,-78.861377,-78.861008,-78.860654,-78.860594,-78.860549,-78.860518,-78.860511,-78.860529,-78.86056,-78.860598,-78.860644,-78.860935,-78.861271,-78.861951,-78.862543,-78.862782,-78.86375,-78.864068,-78.864494,-78.865109,-78.865487,-78.865602,-78.865734,-78.866107,-78.866519,-78.866746,-78.866841,-78.867744,-78.868282,-78.868608,-78.868967,-78.869252,-78.870002,-78.870445,-78.870499,-78.870554,-78.870675,-78.870706,-78.870826,-78.870938,-78.871076,-78.871413,-78.872081,-78.872643,-78.872834,-78.87298,-78.873277,-78.873636,-78.874105,-78.87435,-78.874991,-78.875166,-78.875382,-78.875439,-78.875611,-78.875767,-78.875845,-78.876138,-78.876539,-78.876587,-78.876617,-78.876629,-78.876698,-78.876932,-78.877111,-78.877285,-78.877766,-78.881219,-78.882919,-78.883881,-78.884444,-78.885375,-78.887075,-78.887826,-78.888283,-78.888458,-78.888806,-78.889384,-78.889603,-78.88986,-78.890388,-78.891808,-78.892261,-78.892837,-78.892982,-78.893277,-78.893863,-78.894578,-78.894722,-78.894946,-78.895082,-78.89522,-78.895326,-78.895502,-78.895719,-78.895866,-78.896046,-78.896221,-78.896426,-78.896632,-78.896828,-78.898628,-78.89886,-78.899011,-78.899171,-78.899338,-78.899476,-78.899616,-78.899865,-78.900044,-78.900223,-78.9004,-78.900569,-78.900824,-78.901094,-78.90126,-78.901954,-78.903451,-78.903624,-78.903941,-78.904161,-78.90446,-78.904931,-78.905277,-78.905625,-78.905996,-78.906316,-78.906717,-78.907055,-78.907698,-78.907828,-78.908155,-78.908409,-78.908484,-78.908579,-78.908664,-78.90875,-78.908804,-78.908844],"lat":[37.716378,37.716525,37.716654,37.716733,37.716972,37.71712,37.717479,37.718784,37.719084,37.719372,37.719604,37.719882,37.720265,37.720722,37.720766,37.720998,37.721237,37.721492,37.721632,37.721732,37.721897,37.722043,37.722103,37.722261,37.722523,37.722764,37.722992,37.723131,37.723665,37.724145,37.724274,37.72461,37.725016,37.725322,37.725462,37.725684,37.725886,37.726009,37.726054,37.726333,37.72702,37.727687,37.728104,37.72847,37.729327,37.729608,37.730223,37.73078,37.731648,37.731982,37.732922,37.733073,37.733284,37.733486,37.733694,37.733852,37.734583,37.735006,37.73617,37.736394,37.736972,37.737307,37.737819,37.738191,37.738356,37.738485,37.739024,37.739262,37.739521,37.73984,37.740253,37.74065,37.740996,37.741322,37.741743,37.741886,37.742188,37.742653,37.74287,37.743037,37.743237,37.743287,37.743353,37.743824,37.744125,37.744182,37.744355,37.744575,37.74478,37.745388,37.74585,37.746752,37.747417,37.748391,37.749032,37.749262,37.749418,37.749535,37.750337,37.750792,37.75103,37.751306,37.751591,37.751707,37.752042,37.752385,37.752665,37.752882,37.753336,37.7535,37.754182,37.755918,37.757307,37.757832,37.758979,37.759637,37.75991,37.760309,37.761321,37.761685,37.762438,37.762724,37.763131,37.763766,37.764153,37.764618,37.765441,37.765508,37.765669,37.766097,37.766389,37.766557,37.766809,37.767034,37.767257,37.767698,37.767941,37.768234,37.768671,37.768991,37.769255,37.769515,37.769714,37.769822,37.770634,37.770938,37.771157,37.771378,37.771601,37.771869,37.772091,37.772667,37.772762,37.773551,37.774711,37.775252,37.775859,37.776517,37.777135,37.777735,37.778648,37.779571,37.780198,37.780782,37.782893,37.783141,37.783414,37.784047,37.784152,37.784562,37.785049,37.7855,37.786325,37.786496,37.786827,37.787709,37.788816,37.789659,37.790592,37.791345,37.792175,37.792487,37.79275,37.793007,37.793258,37.793511,37.793755,37.794174,37.794344,37.794541,37.794857,37.795184,37.795518,37.795651,37.796159,37.79622,37.796548,37.796687,37.796942,37.797235,37.797529,37.797754,37.797901,37.798631,37.799738,37.800826,37.801869,37.8033,37.80423,37.804434,37.804637,37.804751,37.804813,37.805035,37.805228,37.805417,37.8056,37.805775,37.805911,37.80698,37.807274,37.8088,37.808944,37.809184,37.809478,37.809826,37.810041,37.810311,37.81105,37.811115,37.811371,37.811605,37.812587,37.812818,37.813637,37.813912,37.814248,37.814609,37.814768,37.814859,37.81492,37.815369,37.81648,37.818117,37.818303,37.818784,37.81912,37.819835,37.820229,37.822413,37.822925,37.823377,37.823685,37.824047,37.824425,37.824737,37.825182,37.825481,37.82588,37.826506,37.826823,37.827081,37.827595,37.828099,37.828399,37.828649,37.829112,37.829691,37.829945,37.830075,37.83045,37.830649,37.830858,37.831396,37.832462,37.832692,37.833538,37.835713,37.836263,37.836637,37.836981,37.837252,37.838434,37.8386,37.838766,37.839208,37.839442,37.839665,37.840071,37.840316,37.840393,37.840526,37.840723,37.840985,37.841213,37.841668,37.842321,37.842569,37.842727,37.842917,37.842971,37.843062,37.843219,37.843334,37.843494,37.843634,37.844174,37.844434,37.844803,37.845233,37.845374,37.845548,37.845598,37.845624,37.845646,37.845681,37.845689,37.845709,37.845741,37.845751,37.845742,37.845718,37.84568,37.845627,37.845566,37.845446,37.845311,37.845126,37.845015,37.844803,37.844516,37.844341,37.844193,37.844094,37.844041,37.843999,37.843982,37.843984,37.844002,37.844022,37.84409,37.844162,37.844229,37.844336,37.84449,37.844605,37.844705,37.84492,37.845076,37.845199,37.845332,37.845419,37.845498,37.845579,37.845643,37.845708,37.845759,37.845797,37.845837,37.845933,37.845945,37.846026,37.846302,37.846319,37.846324,37.846321,37.846308,37.846279,37.846225,37.846179,37.846109,37.846061,37.845973,37.845844,37.84572,37.845583,37.845434,37.844834,37.84463,37.844506,37.844379,37.844259,37.844147,37.844048,37.843962,37.843875,37.843828,37.843774,37.84374,37.843732,37.843723,37.84372,37.843732,37.843731,37.843712,37.843693,37.843657,37.843607,37.843542,37.843449,37.843357,37.84323,37.843111,37.843,37.842845,37.842748,37.84268,37.842606,37.842556,37.842546,37.84251,37.842484,37.842472,37.842474,37.84249,37.842664,37.842791,37.842825,37.842954,37.842963,37.843042,37.843144,37.84325,37.843402,37.843601,37.843786,37.843789,37.843824,37.843855,37.843912,37.844091,37.844316,37.844441,37.844616,37.844941,37.845142,37.845472,37.845658,37.846012,37.84701,37.847224,37.847402,37.847506,37.847596,37.847656,37.847819,37.847967,37.848201,37.848301,37.848747,37.848829,37.849062,37.849306,37.849458,37.849843,37.85013,37.85038,37.850672,37.850873,37.851127,37.851259,37.851715,37.852374,37.852719,37.852929,37.853132,37.853376,37.853564,37.853824,37.854021,37.854207,37.85438,37.854531,37.854743,37.85508,37.855262,37.855285,37.855474,37.855635,37.855911,37.856064,37.856299,37.856591,37.856817,37.857145,37.857387,37.85764,37.85768,37.858045,37.85843,37.858648,37.858686,37.859027,37.859351,37.859398,37.85968,37.860385,37.860647,37.860902,37.861151,37.861357,37.861604,37.861795,37.862025,37.862262,37.862445,37.862638,37.862893,37.863088,37.86348,37.863942,37.864271,37.864427,37.864704,37.86487,37.865174,37.865124,37.862901,37.862606,37.862546,37.86165,37.861262,37.859755,37.857064,37.855847,37.855416,37.85414,37.854062,37.853857,37.85384,37.853781,37.852799,37.850433,37.848543,37.847841,37.846965,37.846258,37.84576,37.845098,37.842743,37.841387,37.84068,37.840273,37.838507,37.833558,37.833517,37.831904,37.826762,37.826111,37.825101,37.825109,37.825163,37.825277,37.825312,37.825338,37.82534,37.825331,37.825309,37.825276,37.825244,37.825188,37.825023,37.82489,37.824493,37.824246,37.824096,37.823981,37.82382,37.823606,37.823107,37.822952,37.822518,37.822217,37.821906,37.821744,37.821628,37.821592,37.821517,37.821498,37.821478,37.821351,37.821287,37.821148,37.82102,37.820873,37.82079,37.820642,37.820456,37.820246,37.819926,37.819766,37.819549,37.81927,37.819087,37.818882,37.818461,37.818094,37.817947,37.817776,37.817355,37.817188,37.817111,37.816894,37.816775,37.816594,37.816452,37.816236,37.81611,37.815856,37.815237,37.814815,37.814512,37.814421,37.814338,37.814197,37.814082,37.813774,37.813583,37.813479,37.81339,37.81334,37.813288,37.81325,37.813213,37.813208,37.81318,37.81312,37.813096,37.813057,37.813016,37.812861,37.812762,37.81264,37.812199,37.811907,37.811769,37.811534,37.811447,37.81137,37.810772,37.810434,37.810382,37.810343,37.81032,37.810302,37.810304,37.810325,37.810345,37.810411,37.81045,37.81048,37.810489,37.810485,37.810475,37.810353,37.810237,37.810199,37.81014,37.810082,37.810038,37.809825,37.809753,37.809652,37.809584,37.809541,37.809445,37.80887,37.808774,37.808551,37.808443,37.808329,37.808213,37.808142,37.807871,37.806966,37.806463,37.805824,37.805642,37.805437,37.805332,37.805234,37.805145,37.805094,37.805017,37.804986,37.804952,37.804821,37.804775,37.804717,37.804664,37.804606,37.804529,37.804361,37.804023,37.803883,37.803815,37.803684,37.803525,37.803432,37.802592,37.802378,37.80218,37.802108,37.802003,37.8019,37.801851,37.801738,37.801602,37.80158,37.801342,37.801196,37.800823,37.800763,37.800706,37.800529,37.800459,37.800398,37.800315,37.800185,37.799915,37.799749,37.799651,37.799427,37.79921,37.799,37.798733,37.798574,37.798189,37.798103,37.798037,37.797974,37.797856,37.797611,37.797524,37.797437,37.797384,37.796921,37.796535,37.796409,37.796293,37.796188,37.79611,37.796032,37.795978,37.795921,37.795862,37.795805,37.795763,37.795708,37.795641,37.795596,37.795513,37.795425,37.795357,37.795239,37.795107,37.795018,37.794931,37.79452,37.794424,37.794329,37.794238,37.794151,37.794073,37.794022,37.79397,37.79393,37.793899,37.79389,37.793899,37.793909,37.793956,37.793968,37.79397,37.793964,37.793943,37.7939,37.793875,37.793843,37.793725,37.79361,37.793487,37.793176,37.792743,37.792091,37.791834,37.791729,37.791421,37.791191,37.791049,37.79048,37.790418,37.78986,37.78966,37.789517,37.789378,37.78931,37.789057,37.788842,37.78858,37.788367,37.788091,37.787929,37.787727,37.787606,37.787461,37.787283,37.787126,37.786922,37.786771,37.786713,37.786501,37.786421,37.786396,37.786365,37.786289,37.786246,37.786193,37.786091,37.786044,37.785926,37.785847,37.785786,37.785738,37.785686,37.785644,37.785552,37.785473,37.785409,37.7853,37.785181,37.785079,37.784943,37.784829,37.784205,37.784039,37.783775,37.783564,37.78344,37.783365,37.783312,37.783257,37.783217,37.783189,37.783175,37.783144,37.783126,37.783094,37.783007,37.782943,37.78287,37.782743,37.782637,37.782113,37.782015,37.781842,37.780823,37.780451,37.78016,37.779798,37.779439,37.779298,37.778647,37.777869,37.777702,37.777362,37.777208,37.776677,37.776008,37.775596,37.775288,37.77521,37.774904,37.774661,37.774472,37.774319,37.774165,37.77396,37.773677,37.773224,37.773027,37.772829,37.772571,37.772358,37.771611,37.771077,37.770888,37.770741,37.77048,37.770282,37.770174,37.770065,37.769956,37.769842,37.769814,37.769675,37.769506,37.769344,37.769158,37.768857,37.76875,37.768558,37.768409,37.768278,37.768197,37.768131,37.768085,37.768036,37.767987,37.76793,37.767877,37.767813,37.767737,37.767599,37.767493,37.767367,37.767249,37.767168,37.767076,37.766995,37.766343,37.76629,37.766192,37.766059,37.765979,37.765877,37.765768,37.765581,37.765419,37.765255,37.765126,37.764997,37.76487,37.764722,37.764606,37.76444,37.764172,37.764059,37.763912,37.76376,37.763619,37.763476,37.763331,37.763188,37.763046,37.762908,37.762785,37.762619,37.762406,37.762281,37.762223,37.762139,37.762102,37.762002,37.761895,37.761754,37.761579,37.761396,37.761083,37.760857,37.760782,37.760663,37.760573,37.760363,37.760137,37.759968,37.759788,37.759714,37.759256,37.759015,37.758655,37.757249,37.756988,37.756833,37.756785,37.75669,37.756658,37.756605,37.756546,37.75637,37.755857,37.755754,37.755655,37.755577,37.755413,37.75535,37.75526,37.755114,37.75501,37.754873,37.75463,37.754459,37.754252,37.753871,37.753685,37.753493,37.753414,37.752353,37.75216,37.752103,37.751963,37.751763,37.751561,37.751479,37.751017,37.750927,37.750839,37.750757,37.75071,37.750683,37.75063,37.750556,37.750518,37.750455,37.750405,37.750369,37.750348,37.750343,37.750358,37.750373,37.750406,37.750433,37.750456,37.750464,37.750461,37.750428,37.750432,37.750456,37.750491,37.750618,37.750784,37.750872,37.751058,37.751255,37.751325,37.751402,37.751495,37.751592,37.751678,37.751739,37.751815,37.751904,37.751952,37.752012,37.75208,37.752291,37.752426,37.752556,37.75268,37.752751,37.752966,37.753124,37.753213,37.753263,37.753305,37.753326,37.753329,37.753316,37.753289,37.753251,37.753166,37.753077,37.752704,37.752579,37.752414,37.75224,37.751314,37.751208,37.751113,37.750983,37.750935,37.750842,37.750718,37.750561,37.749789,37.74967,37.749549,37.749427,37.749281,37.749162,37.749047,37.748937,37.748835,37.748632,37.748478,37.748247,37.747973,37.747903,37.747873,37.747825,37.747754,37.747721,37.747702,37.747584,37.747553,37.747501,37.747436,37.747359,37.747252,37.746724,37.746425,37.745828,37.745402,37.745291,37.745162,37.745044,37.744674,37.744587,37.74449,37.74432,37.744028,37.743935,37.743704,37.743431,37.743304,37.742634,37.742553,37.74247,37.742363,37.742235,37.741421,37.741347,37.741294,37.74127,37.74123,37.741177,37.741129,37.740239,37.740047,37.739725,37.73968,37.738547,37.738081,37.737584,37.736906,37.735774,37.735555,37.7354,37.735243,37.734879,37.734701,37.733996,37.733805,37.733763,37.732979,37.732891,37.732746,37.732604,37.732467,37.732311,37.73218,37.731997,37.731768,37.73157,37.731544,37.731501,37.731386,37.73127,37.731214,37.731158,37.731075,37.731024,37.730933,37.730847,37.730745,37.730701,37.73067,37.730602,37.730495,37.730406,37.730374,37.730118,37.730034,37.729959,37.729802,37.729599,37.729414,37.72939,37.729304,37.729266,37.729127,37.729031,37.728944,37.728754,37.728603,37.728452,37.72826,37.728067,37.727874,37.727798,37.72764,37.725102,37.724412,37.724287,37.724163,37.724022,37.723842,37.723666,37.72347,37.723359,37.723183,37.723002,37.72286,37.722803,37.722724,37.722587,37.722454,37.722273,37.722085,37.7219,37.721721,37.721617,37.721538,37.720996,37.720726,37.720455,37.720051,37.719377,37.719234,37.719198,37.719163,37.719144,37.719121,37.718939,37.718849,37.718806,37.71879,37.718787,37.718796,37.718824,37.718862,37.718958,37.719029,37.719144,37.719216,37.719275,37.719313,37.719329,37.719361,37.719383,37.719404,37.719439,37.719486,37.719563,37.719651,37.719752,37.71981,37.71986,37.719892,37.719916,37.719917,37.719912,37.719892,37.719867,37.719781,37.719732,37.719708,37.719677,37.719659,37.719662,37.719665,37.719669,37.719692,37.719759,37.719807,37.719818,37.719826,37.719827,37.719828,37.719817,37.71978,37.719722,37.719702,37.719666,37.719634,37.719618,37.719598,37.719564,37.719549,37.719519,37.719368,37.719339,37.719265,37.719217,37.719362,37.719433,37.71952,37.719617,37.719782,37.720107,37.720124,37.720136,37.720143,37.720145,37.720141,37.720125,37.71996,37.719803,37.719777,37.719763,37.719662,37.719582,37.719536,37.719521,37.719509,37.719429,37.719287,37.719212,37.718954,37.718886,37.718824,37.7188,37.718795,37.718796,37.718812,37.718835,37.71889,37.718958,37.719023,37.719259,37.719151,37.71906,37.718999,37.718941,37.718807,37.718658,37.718574,37.718509,37.718404,37.71817,37.71809,37.717995,37.717877,37.717804,37.717742,37.717712,37.717629,37.717585,37.71753,37.717466,37.717395,37.717365,37.717223,37.717118,37.716816,37.716738,37.716663,37.716606,37.716549,37.716516,37.716472,37.716443,37.716402,37.71637,37.716324,37.716279,37.716226,37.716151,37.716082,37.715995,37.715866,37.715178,37.714647,37.714453,37.713684,37.713563,37.713435,37.713309,37.713085,37.712879,37.712679,37.712483,37.712009,37.711917,37.711337,37.71083,37.710614,37.710421,37.710153,37.709952,37.709871,37.709818,37.709568,37.709376,37.709298,37.708618,37.707915,37.707614,37.707491,37.707394,37.707287,37.707095,37.70688,37.706417,37.706199,37.705788,37.705538,37.705133,37.704736,37.704495,37.70394,37.703832,37.703736,37.703639,37.70354,37.703443,37.703009,37.702542,37.70252,37.702377,37.702322,37.70231,37.702212,37.702141,37.701954,37.701921,37.701904,37.701899,37.70191,37.702003,37.702058,37.702283,37.702283,37.702256,37.702206,37.702173,37.702135,37.702063,37.701811,37.701684,37.701624,37.70136,37.701289,37.700959,37.700904,37.700855,37.700811,37.700926,37.700981,37.701058,37.701525,37.701635,37.701679,37.70169,37.701679,37.701695,37.701734,37.701777,37.701997,37.702008,37.701953,37.701876,37.701821,37.70153,37.701459,37.701431,37.701387,37.701354,37.701228,37.701146,37.701107,37.701091,37.701074,37.701047,37.701008,37.700821,37.700767,37.700706,37.700684,37.70069,37.700701,37.700739,37.700805,37.701036,37.701167,37.70125,37.701338,37.70148,37.702018,37.70209,37.702611,37.702644,37.702672,37.702628,37.702617,37.702564,37.702463,37.702419,37.702298,37.70221,37.702144,37.701969,37.701908,37.701787,37.701738,37.701589,37.701524,37.701403,37.70132,37.701254,37.701084,37.701035,37.700985,37.700749,37.700634,37.700502,37.70032,37.70015,37.699804,37.699705,37.699535,37.699106,37.698887,37.698804,37.698617,37.698562,37.698551,37.698557,37.698584,37.698776,37.699012,37.699084,37.699732,37.699841,37.699973,37.700028,37.700033,37.700011,37.699973,37.699808,37.699742,37.699435,37.699297,37.699242,37.699182,37.699012,37.698814,37.698759,37.698715,37.69855,37.698484,37.69844,37.698017,37.697633,37.697523,37.69727,37.697045,37.696886,37.696683,37.696458,37.696249,37.696073,37.695832,37.695634,37.695393,37.695129,37.694931,37.694816,37.694772,37.694717,37.694684,37.694678,37.694706,37.694755,37.694975,37.695019,37.695052,37.695063,37.695046,37.695002,37.694942,37.694892,37.694821,37.694222,37.694041,37.693837,37.693755,37.693645,37.693508,37.69342,37.693359,37.693228,37.693118,37.692673,37.692239,37.691888,37.691778,37.691701,37.691525,37.691465,37.691317,37.691262,37.691202,37.691141,37.691075,37.690987,37.690889,37.690746,37.690389,37.690257,37.690142,37.69007,37.689785,37.689329,37.689274,37.689197,37.689065,37.689032,37.689043,37.689163,37.689388,37.689416,37.689405,37.689416,37.689443,37.689613,37.689663,37.68969,37.689718,37.689728,37.689717,37.689662,37.689608,37.689465,37.689404,37.689091,37.68902,37.688811,37.688729,37.688317,37.687927,37.687811,37.687756,37.687652,37.687586,37.687536,37.687553,37.687585,37.687695,37.687767,37.688069,37.688156,37.688327,37.688359,37.688387,37.688398,37.688288,37.688254,37.688216,37.68815,37.688084,37.687903,37.68776,37.687414,37.687184,37.687068,37.686777,37.686602,37.686464,37.686217,37.686063,37.685794,37.685734,37.685619,37.685487,37.685426,37.685256,37.685091,37.685031,37.68497,37.684888,37.684816,37.684778,37.68475,37.684745,37.68475,37.684767,37.684827,37.684876,37.684909,37.684931,37.684937,37.684931,37.684909,37.684821,37.684717,37.68453,37.684415,37.684299,37.683959,37.683498,37.683388,37.682619,37.682526,37.682444,37.682389,37.682372,37.682345,37.682318,37.68229,37.682263,37.682192,37.682022,37.681742,37.681489,37.681242,37.681176,37.681107,37.680766,37.680661,37.680626,37.680524,37.680464,37.680422,37.680371,37.680316,37.680257,37.680174,37.680033,37.679905,37.679951,37.680307,37.680456,37.680554,37.680686,37.680812,37.680889,37.681081,37.681423,37.68168,37.681795,37.681902,37.68218,37.682378,37.682502,37.682619,37.682683,37.682728,37.682775,37.682818,37.682872,37.682997,37.683094,37.683172,37.683252,37.683337,37.683372,37.683407,37.683493,37.683574,37.683647,37.683853,37.684044,37.684127,37.684235,37.684326,37.684419,37.684563,37.684708,37.684851,37.684935,37.685141,37.685309,37.685437,37.685672,37.685859,37.686398,37.686509,37.686637,37.687269,37.687414,37.687564,37.68764,37.688238,37.688769,37.689305,37.689499,37.690388,37.690805,37.691106,37.691379,37.691917,37.692203,37.692565,37.692976,37.693183,37.693491,37.693651,37.693746,37.693806,37.693949,37.694058,37.694186,37.694332,37.694505,37.694571,37.695028,37.695311,37.695604,37.695668,37.695739,37.695831,37.695895,37.695956,37.696005,37.696041,37.69607,37.696196,37.696356,37.696656,37.696937,37.697033,37.697451,37.697593,37.697784,37.698061,37.698264,37.698338,37.69844,37.698785,37.699202,37.699407,37.699486,37.700361,37.700865,37.701157,37.701502,37.701799,37.702512,37.702924,37.702998,37.703051,37.70315,37.703184,37.703313,37.703415,37.703522,37.703822,37.704449,37.70499,37.705167,37.705301,37.705593,37.705928,37.70638,37.706602,37.707213,37.70738,37.707599,37.707651,37.707809,37.707972,37.708047,37.708305,37.708702,37.708769,37.708842,37.708934,37.708939,37.70897,37.709006,37.709056,37.709231,37.710519,37.711138,37.711498,37.7117,37.712049,37.71266,37.712925,37.713093,37.713151,37.713275,37.713501,37.713601,37.713736,37.714057,37.714956,37.715238,37.715579,37.71566,37.715815,37.716098,37.716427,37.716478,37.716545,37.716577,37.7166,37.716611,37.716619,37.716613,37.716599,37.716568,37.716522,37.716448,37.716357,37.716255,37.715142,37.715004,37.714927,37.714862,37.714811,37.714778,37.714755,37.714726,37.714721,37.714731,37.714754,37.714792,37.714864,37.714952,37.715012,37.71524,37.715751,37.715812,37.715913,37.715975,37.716048,37.716145,37.716201,37.716241,37.716268,37.716279,37.71628,37.716264,37.71622,37.716205,37.716179,37.716169,37.716178,37.716202,37.716233,37.716277,37.716323,37.716378]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.985241,-78.98521,-78.985159,-78.985157,-78.9851,-78.984941,-78.98477,-78.984388,-78.984216,-78.984155,-78.984064,-78.983333,-78.982587,-78.981903,-78.981119,-78.979704,-78.978743,-78.977874,-78.977207,-78.976287,-78.975568,-78.974941,-78.974131,-78.973219,-78.973069,-78.972784,-78.972572,-78.972346,-78.971895,-78.971792,-78.971533,-78.971265,-78.971167,-78.971046,-78.970807,-78.970595,-78.970291,-78.969855,-78.969335,-78.969187,-78.969046,-78.968659,-78.968242,-78.967245,-78.96687,-78.966515,-78.965907,-78.965679,-78.965528,-78.965387,-78.965265,-78.964035,-78.963482,-78.962974,-78.962873,-78.962746,-78.962642,-78.962443,-78.962179,-78.962079,-78.961868,-78.961675,-78.961492,-78.961162,-78.96067,-78.96005,-78.959894,-78.959739,-78.959561,-78.958918,-78.958624,-78.958381,-78.957769,-78.957519,-78.957139,-78.95691,-78.956722,-78.95662,-78.956529,-78.956412,-78.956192,-78.956056,-78.955927,-78.955753,-78.955283,-78.95505,-78.95501,-78.955122,-78.955184,-78.955245,-78.95537,-78.955448,-78.955621,-78.955795,-78.956001,-78.956139,-78.956203,-78.956286,-78.956435,-78.956737,-78.956861,-78.956953,-78.957169,-78.957531,-78.957543,-78.957552,-78.95795,-78.957979,-78.958141,-78.958626,-78.958679,-78.958704,-78.958778,-78.95879,-78.958808,-78.95894,-78.959026,-78.959049,-78.959068,-78.959057,-78.959056,-78.959039,-78.959032,-78.959026,-78.958986,-78.95896,-78.958912,-78.958871,-78.958848,-78.958845,-78.958731,-78.958672,-78.958528,-78.958497,-78.958486,-78.958351,-78.958338,-78.958273,-78.958268,-78.958249,-78.958138,-78.958045,-78.957969,-78.957779,-78.95758,-78.957528,-78.957435,-78.957386,-78.957322,-78.957297,-78.957263,-78.957225,-78.957077,-78.957024,-78.956995,-78.956972,-78.956942,-78.956915,-78.956954,-78.956976,-78.956985,-78.957016,-78.956994,-78.956982,-78.956959,-78.956949,-78.956808,-78.956631,-78.956373,-78.95617,-78.956001,-78.955984,-78.955969,-78.955926,-78.955694,-78.955496,-78.955105,-78.954996,-78.954983,-78.954913,-78.954874,-78.954816,-78.95478,-78.954771,-78.954652,-78.95463,-78.95459,-78.954456,-78.954448,-78.954413,-78.954067,-78.953542,-78.953521,-78.953412,-78.95339,-78.953375,-78.953212,-78.953131,-78.952992,-78.952976,-78.952957,-78.952942,-78.952874,-78.952796,-78.952773,-78.952741,-78.952654,-78.952544,-78.952447,-78.952346,-78.952328,-78.952312,-78.95216,-78.95212,-78.952074,-78.952059,-78.952,-78.951957,-78.951878,-78.951866,-78.951764,-78.951711,-78.95166,-78.951543,-78.951437,-78.951152,-78.950932,-78.950662,-78.95062,-78.95061,-78.950588,-78.95057,-78.95056,-78.950551,-78.950004,-78.949777,-78.949405,-78.949328,-78.949293,-78.94901,-78.948653,-78.948176,-78.947617,-78.947323,-78.947107,-78.947005,-78.946982,-78.946955,-78.94694,-78.946839,-78.946745,-78.946627,-78.946501,-78.946355,-78.946274,-78.946171,-78.946139,-78.946103,-78.946011,-78.945976,-78.945905,-78.945795,-78.945749,-78.945642,-78.945466,-78.945099,-78.944944,-78.944868,-78.944822,-78.944793,-78.944724,-78.944656,-78.944318,-78.944049,-78.943669,-78.943362,-78.9433,-78.942875,-78.942687,-78.942544,-78.942525,-78.942512,-78.942383,-78.942357,-78.942279,-78.942262,-78.942068,-78.94198,-78.941863,-78.94157,-78.941355,-78.941085,-78.940727,-78.940537,-78.9403,-78.939991,-78.939781,-78.939571,-78.939251,-78.939014,-78.938762,-78.938334,-78.937958,-78.937653,-78.937278,-78.936932,-78.936434,-78.935952,-78.935063,-78.934363,-78.934197,-78.93374,-78.933475,-78.933232,-78.933039,-78.932763,-78.932471,-78.932338,-78.932136,-78.931943,-78.93179,-78.931525,-78.931312,-78.931067,-78.930895,-78.930245,-78.93004,-78.929603,-78.929348,-78.929207,-78.928973,-78.928691,-78.928345,-78.928,-78.927776,-78.927359,-78.926749,-78.926526,-78.926211,-78.925694,-78.925501,-78.925258,-78.924387,-78.922969,-78.92255,-78.922058,-78.921636,-78.9213,-78.92121,-78.921099,-78.92108,-78.921101,-78.921145,-78.921186,-78.921299,-78.92133,-78.921301,-78.921241,-78.921159,-78.920978,-78.920847,-78.920746,-78.9206,-78.920301,-78.920191,-78.920099,-78.920029,-78.92002,-78.920074,-78.920134,-78.920108,-78.920064,-78.919963,-78.919831,-78.919658,-78.919451,-78.919338,-78.919229,-78.918965,-78.918822,-78.91867,-78.918578,-78.918507,-78.918315,-78.918142,-78.91802,-78.917867,-78.917735,-78.917581,-78.917439,-78.917332,-78.917224,-78.917176,-78.916993,-78.91684,-78.916731,-78.916647,-78.916443,-78.916276,-78.916157,-78.915912,-78.915784,-78.915674,-78.915502,-78.914737,-78.914049,-78.91375,-78.913415,-78.913029,-78.912674,-78.912573,-78.912462,-78.91235,-78.912176,-78.912105,-78.911819,-78.911299,-78.910902,-78.910303,-78.909429,-78.908463,-78.908171,-78.907278,-78.906545,-78.906315,-78.906082,-78.905989,-78.90592,-78.905759,-78.905523,-78.905404,-78.90514,-78.905017,-78.904896,-78.904744,-78.904598,-78.904469,-78.904075,-78.903768,-78.903627,-78.903514,-78.903321,-78.903179,-78.903098,-78.902988,-78.902754,-78.902431,-78.901975,-78.901871,-78.901741,-78.901509,-78.901133,-78.900745,-78.900458,-78.900248,-78.899698,-78.899543,-78.899428,-78.899296,-78.899093,-78.899053,-78.899084,-78.899196,-78.899379,-78.899501,-78.899644,-78.899764,-78.899928,-78.900081,-78.900295,-78.900428,-78.90052,-78.900566,-78.900616,-78.900675,-78.900696,-78.900758,-78.900817,-78.900943,-78.900984,-78.901158,-78.901341,-78.901535,-78.901718,-78.901861,-78.902128,-78.902282,-78.902325,-78.902338,-78.902259,-78.902149,-78.901923,-78.893409,-78.893257,-78.892889,-78.892722,-78.892438,-78.891807,-78.891335,-78.891175,-78.89094,-78.89069,-78.890433,-78.890163,-78.889698,-78.889524,-78.889358,-78.888664,-78.888442,-78.888172,-78.887679,-78.887554,-78.887471,-78.887374,-78.88711,-78.886881,-78.886618,-78.886056,-78.885716,-78.885563,-78.885445,-78.885355,-78.885161,-78.885036,-78.884897,-78.884793,-78.884411,-78.884286,-78.884134,-78.88396,-78.883856,-78.883801,-78.883773,-78.883703,-78.883516,-78.883433,-78.883314,-78.88321,-78.883113,-78.883009,-78.882599,-78.88246,-78.882391,-78.882252,-78.882044,-78.88187,-78.881558,-78.881315,-78.881156,-78.881058,-78.881017,-78.880912,-78.880579,-78.880357,-78.88017,-78.880059,-78.879996,-78.879975,-78.879989,-78.880024,-78.880051,-78.88001,-78.879871,-78.879642,-78.879205,-78.879031,-78.878878,-78.87867,-78.878413,-78.87817,-78.878073,-78.87799,-78.877927,-78.877808,-78.87776,-78.877586,-78.877579,-78.877502,-78.877433,-78.877391,-78.87737,-78.877439,-78.877425,-78.877231,-78.877057,-78.876967,-78.876939,-78.877008,-78.877001,-78.87705,-78.877209,-78.877223,-78.877146,-78.877202,-78.877306,-78.877382,-78.877375,-78.877326,-78.877222,-78.877083,-78.87684,-78.876563,-78.876368,-78.876146,-78.875362,-78.874744,-78.874228,-78.874061,-78.873957,-78.873825,-78.873638,-78.873562,-78.87352,-78.87264,-78.872224,-78.871704,-78.871614,-78.871545,-78.871406,-78.871288,-78.87099,-78.870838,-78.870599,-78.87047,-78.869908,-78.869797,-78.869548,-78.869458,-78.869305,-78.869194,-78.869,-78.868417,-78.867966,-78.867772,-78.867411,-78.867252,-78.866792,-78.866684,-78.866616,-78.866422,-78.866289,-78.866209,-78.86608,-78.865955,-78.865657,-78.865419,-78.865199,-78.864974,-78.864543,-78.863975,-78.863402,-78.862739,-78.862603,-78.862413,-78.862167,-78.861925,-78.861744,-78.861581,-78.86142,-78.861357,-78.860583,-78.86043,-78.86028,-78.860135,-78.859996,-78.859943,-78.859641,-78.859254,-78.859066,-78.858936,-78.858723,-78.858504,-78.858308,-78.857941,-78.857592,-78.85725,-78.857037,-78.856905,-78.856789,-78.856694,-78.856543,-78.856443,-78.856365,-78.856262,-78.85598,-78.855774,-78.855682,-78.855583,-78.855481,-78.855378,-78.855132,-78.854881,-78.854662,-78.854477,-78.854319,-78.854184,-78.85404,-78.85389,-78.853766,-78.853249,-78.853124,-78.852963,-78.852864,-78.852753,-78.852644,-78.852539,-78.852442,-78.852257,-78.852131,-78.851944,-78.851891,-78.851802,-78.85168,-78.851544,-78.85119,-78.851116,-78.850998,-78.850873,-78.850732,-78.85064,-78.850437,-78.850192,-78.850076,-78.849976,-78.849785,-78.849721,-78.849528,-78.849373,-78.849202,-78.849153,-78.849063,-78.849013,-78.848769,-78.848669,-78.848487,-78.848364,-78.848286,-78.848158,-78.848085,-78.847992,-78.847892,-78.847807,-78.84714,-78.846968,-78.846829,-78.846696,-78.846411,-78.846211,-78.84611,-78.846033,-78.84595,-78.845928,-78.845859,-78.845811,-78.845726,-78.84561,-78.845543,-78.845414,-78.845224,-78.844677,-78.843752,-78.843306,-78.842583,-78.84199,-78.84139,-78.841102,-78.840904,-78.840018,-78.839827,-78.839645,-78.839543,-78.83943,-78.839356,-78.839274,-78.839187,-78.839345,-78.839358,-78.839357,-78.839336,-78.839324,-78.839283,-78.839214,-78.839123,-78.839015,-78.83889,-78.838743,-78.838453,-78.838238,-78.837913,-78.837686,-78.837508,-78.83728,-78.837175,-78.836629,-78.835394,-78.835212,-78.835068,-78.834992,-78.834927,-78.834862,-78.834762,-78.834665,-78.834634,-78.834623,-78.834628,-78.834651,-78.834756,-78.834948,-78.834986,-78.835017,-78.835082,-78.835203,-78.835238,-78.835255,-78.835254,-78.835231,-78.835194,-78.83514,-78.835068,-78.834982,-78.834854,-78.834678,-78.834502,-78.833765,-78.833366,-78.83319,-78.832907,-78.832859,-78.832753,-78.832665,-78.832492,-78.832314,-78.832243,-78.832223,-78.832189,-78.832175,-78.832175,-78.832189,-78.832277,-78.832325,-78.832403,-78.832496,-78.832597,-78.832686,-78.832832,-78.833008,-78.83316,-78.83338,-78.833644,-78.833687,-78.834414,-78.83469,-78.83485,-78.834962,-78.835041,-78.835089,-78.835139,-78.835213,-78.835256,-78.83527,-78.835332,-78.83551,-78.835541,-78.835559,-78.835567,-78.835557,-78.835522,-78.835473,-78.835308,-78.835193,-78.835044,-78.835001,-78.834975,-78.834967,-78.834982,-78.835015,-78.835075,-78.83514,-78.835241,-78.835344,-78.835463,-78.835754,-78.835867,-78.836019,-78.836183,-78.836359,-78.836432,-78.836772,-78.836947,-78.8372,-78.837698,-78.838012,-78.838147,-78.838332,-78.838501,-78.838609,-78.838801,-78.839032,-78.839154,-78.839325,-78.839385,-78.839757,-78.839781,-78.83989,-78.84001,-78.840235,-78.840416,-78.840532,-78.840611,-78.8407,-78.840814,-78.840861,-78.84089,-78.840902,-78.840886,-78.84085,-78.840721,-78.840622,-78.840547,-78.840456,-78.840392,-78.840295,-78.84016,-78.840008,-78.839841,-78.839633,-78.839583,-78.839483,-78.839243,-78.839015,-78.838976,-78.838871,-78.838755,-78.838655,-78.83859,-78.838557,-78.838506,-78.838439,-78.838332,-78.838115,-78.838075,-78.838055,-78.838088,-78.838092,-78.838211,-78.838292,-78.838402,-78.838432,-78.838468,-78.838527,-78.838637,-78.838748,-78.838887,-78.838902,-78.838941,-78.839025,-78.839106,-78.839228,-78.83932,-78.839362,-78.839376,-78.839479,-78.839518,-78.839615,-78.839768,-78.840025,-78.840177,-78.840678,-78.840904,-78.840981,-78.841186,-78.841408,-78.841645,-78.842524,-78.842857,-78.843049,-78.843637,-78.844143,-78.84496,-78.845531,-78.845625,-78.846829,-78.847597,-78.8487,-78.849213,-78.849273,-78.850466,-78.850949,-78.851758,-78.852345,-78.853482,-78.854896,-78.855483,-78.855567,-78.85608,-78.856137,-78.856639,-78.856722,-78.856849,-78.856937,-78.857133,-78.857394,-78.857815,-78.857913,-78.857922,-78.85806,-78.858217,-78.858603,-78.858828,-78.85916,-78.859195,-78.859434,-78.859501,-78.859736,-78.860216,-78.860503,-78.861277,-78.862259,-78.862407,-78.862782,-78.86297,-78.863418,-78.864068,-78.864672,-78.864729,-78.864937,-78.865617,-78.866181,-78.866447,-78.866869,-78.867506,-78.868872,-78.869111,-78.869651,-78.87021,-78.870462,-78.871186,-78.87221,-78.872692,-78.873244,-78.873444,-78.873665,-78.874848,-78.874922,-78.875503,-78.875928,-78.87627,-78.876399,-78.876496,-78.876607,-78.877001,-78.877292,-78.877504,-78.877564,-78.87785,-78.878035,-78.878456,-78.879185,-78.879986,-78.880649,-78.881683,-78.88197,-78.882289,-78.882717,-78.882945,-78.883082,-78.883331,-78.883487,-78.883724,-78.88397,-78.8841,-78.884193,-78.884517,-78.884869,-78.885242,-78.885476,-78.885756,-78.886303,-78.8867,-78.886926,-78.887163,-78.887483,-78.88828,-78.888416,-78.888633,-78.888983,-78.889259,-78.889757,-78.889996,-78.890542,-78.892516,-78.893228,-78.894409,-78.89478,-78.896174,-78.896424,-78.896729,-78.897248,-78.897374,-78.897624,-78.897765,-78.898076,-78.898508,-78.898932,-78.898962,-78.899235,-78.899371,-78.899436,-78.899522,-78.899806,-78.89999,-78.900186,-78.901054,-78.901201,-78.902018,-78.902267,-78.904094,-78.904849,-78.90502,-78.905242,-78.905719,-78.906059,-78.90624,-78.906484,-78.907061,-78.907334,-78.907536,-78.907747,-78.908775,-78.908961,-78.909402,-78.910194,-78.910433,-78.910605,-78.911021,-78.911326,-78.912258,-78.91255,-78.913675,-78.914544,-78.91604,-78.916304,-78.916777,-78.917052,-78.917169,-78.91737,-78.917579,-78.917838,-78.918059,-78.918534,-78.920058,-78.921807,-78.922094,-78.922321,-78.922815,-78.923728,-78.924418,-78.924487,-78.925105,-78.926689,-78.926877,-78.927884,-78.928045,-78.929112,-78.930442,-78.931879,-78.932473,-78.932954,-78.934101,-78.934421,-78.935047,-78.935295,-78.935564,-78.935947,-78.936328,-78.936705,-78.936913,-78.937157,-78.937396,-78.937845,-78.93863,-78.93873,-78.938953,-78.939175,-78.939418,-78.939956,-78.940363,-78.940645,-78.940989,-78.941181,-78.941442,-78.941737,-78.941969,-78.942083,-78.942401,-78.942873,-78.943201,-78.943536,-78.943861,-78.944339,-78.945633,-78.946508,-78.948656,-78.949073,-78.949304,-78.950165,-78.950308,-78.950816,-78.951218,-78.95144,-78.951993,-78.952548,-78.952876,-78.953138,-78.953404,-78.953566,-78.953825,-78.954085,-78.954345,-78.954957,-78.956082,-78.956441,-78.956858,-78.957197,-78.957298,-78.957864,-78.958144,-78.958293,-78.958445,-78.958519,-78.958598,-78.95868,-78.958718,-78.958869,-78.958917,-78.959039,-78.959081,-78.959436,-78.959668,-78.959838,-78.960058,-78.960237,-78.960903,-78.960929,-78.961129,-78.961347,-78.961516,-78.961719,-78.961909,-78.962053,-78.962257,-78.962445,-78.962541,-78.962759,-78.963006,-78.963138,-78.96329,-78.963421,-78.963559,-78.963743,-78.963837,-78.963984,-78.964105,-78.964261,-78.964421,-78.964635,-78.965142,-78.965384,-78.965697,-78.96609,-78.966445,-78.966861,-78.967268,-78.967349,-78.967783,-78.967821,-78.96832,-78.968373,-78.968531,-78.968914,-78.969402,-78.969779,-78.969994,-78.970029,-78.970175,-78.970313,-78.970438,-78.970548,-78.970719,-78.970858,-78.971048,-78.971374,-78.971508,-78.971565,-78.971604,-78.971624,-78.971632,-78.97162,-78.971584,-78.971569,-78.971572,-78.971603,-78.971631,-78.971637,-78.971643,-78.971666,-78.971714,-78.971734,-78.971807,-78.971883,-78.971974,-78.972079,-78.97215,-78.972438,-78.972692,-78.972782,-78.972883,-78.97299,-78.973056,-78.973067,-78.973128,-78.97317,-78.973224,-78.97331,-78.97335,-78.973383,-78.973502,-78.973569,-78.973653,-78.973763,-78.973775,-78.97377,-78.973746,-78.973704,-78.973655,-78.973598,-78.973534,-78.973523,-78.973406,-78.973289,-78.973158,-78.973006,-78.972647,-78.972399,-78.972296,-78.972166,-78.972051,-78.971948,-78.971882,-78.971831,-78.971779,-78.971753,-78.971745,-78.971756,-78.971786,-78.971812,-78.971897,-78.971999,-78.972122,-78.972228,-78.972258,-78.972318,-78.972378,-78.972408,-78.972429,-78.972433,-78.972418,-78.972371,-78.972317,-78.972245,-78.972175,-78.97143,-78.970797,-78.970162,-78.970096,-78.970046,-78.970022,-78.970015,-78.970022,-78.97004,-78.97008,-78.970123,-78.97019,-78.970261,-78.970348,-78.970452,-78.97149,-78.971812,-78.971856,-78.972087,-78.972232,-78.972366,-78.972421,-78.972468,-78.972559,-78.972651,-78.973032,-78.973858,-78.975613,-78.975745,-78.975875,-78.976034,-78.976158,-78.976304,-78.97646,-78.976544,-78.976637,-78.976732,-78.976806,-78.976874,-78.976941,-78.977024,-78.977099,-78.977205,-78.977324,-78.977456,-78.977594,-78.977742,-78.977926,-78.978071,-78.978548,-78.979029,-78.979146,-78.979261,-78.979454,-78.979647,-78.979796,-78.979977,-78.980245,-78.980557,-78.980677,-78.980835,-78.981076,-78.981908,-78.982593,-78.983349,-78.983605,-78.983794,-78.983991,-78.984347,-78.984471,-78.984589,-78.984744,-78.984885,-78.984979,-78.985032,-78.98508,-78.985146,-78.985184,-78.985224,-78.985246,-78.985241],"lat":[37.901606,37.901769,37.901959,37.901996,37.90206,37.902235,37.902423,37.902809,37.902924,37.902986,37.903026,37.903293,37.904064,37.904858,37.90596,37.906838,37.907391,37.907993,37.908496,37.908993,37.909375,37.909652,37.910027,37.910354,37.910418,37.91055,37.910736,37.910938,37.911358,37.911466,37.911689,37.911935,37.912031,37.912138,37.912383,37.912507,37.912676,37.912815,37.912907,37.913,37.913038,37.913086,37.913072,37.9131,37.91311,37.913176,37.913316,37.913418,37.913444,37.913548,37.913632,37.914486,37.914796,37.914966,37.915009,37.915038,37.915046,37.915068,37.915115,37.915188,37.915255,37.915304,37.915349,37.915422,37.915553,37.915706,37.915708,37.915785,37.91583,37.91607,37.916192,37.916249,37.91639,37.916467,37.916535,37.916575,37.916558,37.916553,37.916541,37.916529,37.916535,37.916505,37.916477,37.916446,37.916412,37.916445,37.91651,37.916634,37.916703,37.916714,37.916759,37.916782,37.916869,37.916951,37.917044,37.917074,37.917135,37.917196,37.917303,37.917525,37.917629,37.917709,37.917898,37.918393,37.918411,37.918422,37.918767,37.918792,37.918932,37.919533,37.919599,37.91963,37.919777,37.919799,37.919827,37.920026,37.920162,37.920218,37.920262,37.920391,37.920457,37.920559,37.920621,37.920642,37.920785,37.920855,37.920984,37.921094,37.921158,37.921167,37.92149,37.921707,37.921797,37.921847,37.921865,37.922089,37.922111,37.922219,37.922229,37.922269,37.9225,37.922626,37.922729,37.923053,37.92329,37.923348,37.923463,37.923524,37.923594,37.923621,37.923661,37.923707,37.923883,37.924103,37.924225,37.92434,37.924506,37.924674,37.925006,37.925232,37.925453,37.925525,37.925632,37.925704,37.925827,37.925879,37.926041,37.926198,37.926413,37.92652,37.926603,37.926613,37.926621,37.926645,37.926854,37.92701,37.927341,37.927433,37.927444,37.927503,37.927536,37.927586,37.927617,37.927625,37.92773,37.927748,37.927782,37.927909,37.927917,37.92795,37.92823,37.928684,37.928702,37.928806,37.928827,37.928841,37.929072,37.929187,37.929421,37.929448,37.929481,37.929507,37.929647,37.929761,37.929795,37.929923,37.930275,37.930551,37.930813,37.931039,37.931078,37.931104,37.931356,37.931417,37.931489,37.931512,37.931607,37.931676,37.931807,37.931921,37.931957,37.932038,37.932068,37.932121,37.932194,37.932423,37.932595,37.932803,37.932835,37.932843,37.93286,37.932874,37.932881,37.932888,37.933302,37.933473,37.933759,37.933872,37.933924,37.934169,37.934477,37.934886,37.935199,37.935355,37.935475,37.935511,37.935557,37.935612,37.935645,37.935744,37.935838,37.935878,37.936052,37.936162,37.936276,37.936422,37.936467,37.936518,37.936818,37.937084,37.937181,37.937284,37.937313,37.937368,37.937434,37.937571,37.937629,37.937658,37.937678,37.937686,37.9377,37.937738,37.937885,37.937992,37.938135,37.93825,37.938285,37.938527,37.938794,37.938963,37.939,37.939052,37.939474,37.939561,37.939824,37.939881,37.940237,37.94031,37.940407,37.940574,37.940578,37.940583,37.940585,37.940579,37.940562,37.94049,37.940442,37.940393,37.940315,37.940262,37.940205,37.940029,37.939966,37.939959,37.939973,37.939986,37.940004,37.939985,37.93996,37.939945,37.939948,37.939909,37.939886,37.939895,37.93992,37.939972,37.940108,37.940132,37.940141,37.940142,37.94011,37.940055,37.940023,37.939985,37.939952,37.939938,37.939899,37.939868,37.93986,37.939878,37.939911,37.940011,37.940138,37.940173,37.940174,37.940127,37.940073,37.940122,37.94018,37.940303,37.940424,37.940514,37.940857,37.941548,37.941821,37.942157,37.942454,37.94275,37.942887,37.943074,37.943203,37.943308,37.943484,37.943764,37.944058,37.944155,37.944284,37.944398,37.944571,37.944713,37.944827,37.944924,37.945059,37.945217,37.945307,37.945403,37.945605,37.945694,37.945848,37.946065,37.946139,37.946211,37.946276,37.946268,37.946213,37.946126,37.946086,37.946045,37.945981,37.945973,37.945974,37.945984,37.945991,37.946016,37.94604,37.946041,37.946017,37.945993,37.945967,37.945933,37.945886,37.945867,37.945923,37.945923,37.945916,37.945894,37.945844,37.945756,37.945677,37.94562,37.945425,37.945403,37.945347,37.945289,37.945347,37.945424,37.945483,37.945558,37.945639,37.945835,37.945851,37.945876,37.945852,37.945788,37.945732,37.945523,37.945347,37.94526,37.945254,37.945346,37.945597,37.945681,37.945959,37.946315,37.946415,37.946528,37.946578,37.946641,37.946756,37.946919,37.946983,37.947016,37.947013,37.947033,37.947018,37.947024,37.947027,37.946994,37.946973,37.946997,37.947022,37.947095,37.947177,37.947241,37.947335,37.947477,37.94772,37.94798,37.948041,37.948091,37.948184,37.948282,37.948338,37.948413,37.948516,37.948711,37.948709,37.948727,37.948732,37.948798,37.948862,37.948927,37.948983,37.948999,37.949006,37.949006,37.949001,37.949045,37.949085,37.949173,37.949245,37.949366,37.94952,37.949678,37.949809,37.949906,37.950051,37.950167,37.950325,37.950398,37.95051,37.950623,37.950687,37.950742,37.950839,37.951169,37.951402,37.951766,37.952226,37.952581,37.952889,37.95325,37.954947,37.954974,37.95515,37.955188,37.955204,37.955352,37.955566,37.955583,37.95555,37.955539,37.955577,37.955654,37.95595,37.956038,37.956071,37.956142,37.956197,37.956246,37.956301,37.95635,37.956443,37.956487,37.956476,37.956493,37.956608,37.956811,37.956981,37.957041,37.957129,37.957167,37.957173,37.9572,37.957343,37.957409,37.957579,37.957656,37.957694,37.957683,37.957721,37.957804,37.957919,37.958056,37.958271,37.958419,37.958539,37.9586,37.958863,37.959006,37.95966,37.959797,37.959923,37.960055,37.960126,37.960208,37.960291,37.960439,37.960609,37.960807,37.960927,37.961048,37.961284,37.961339,37.961399,37.961509,37.961635,37.961817,37.961965,37.962036,37.962141,37.962245,37.962349,37.962442,37.962662,37.96281,37.962986,37.963189,37.96337,37.963579,37.963721,37.963886,37.964161,37.965198,37.965402,37.965808,37.965956,37.966126,37.966236,37.966423,37.96656,37.966714,37.966791,37.967044,37.967241,37.9674,37.967543,37.967675,37.967845,37.968048,37.968186,37.968351,37.968515,37.968647,37.968735,37.968872,37.968993,37.969196,37.969378,37.969498,37.969619,37.969696,37.969756,37.969811,37.970184,37.970491,37.970544,37.970572,37.970621,37.97072,37.970934,37.971072,37.971107,37.97183,37.972209,37.972643,37.972731,37.972846,37.973138,37.973319,37.973627,37.973731,37.973866,37.97394,37.974319,37.974379,37.974457,37.974528,37.974627,37.974682,37.974753,37.974896,37.974952,37.974935,37.974886,37.974875,37.974966,37.974906,37.974886,37.97487,37.974872,37.97488,37.974905,37.974943,37.975083,37.975213,37.975308,37.975389,37.975517,37.975671,37.975811,37.976014,37.976059,37.976107,37.976155,37.976187,37.976202,37.976199,37.976182,37.97617,37.97613,37.976137,37.97616,37.976196,37.976247,37.976271,37.976432,37.976623,37.976708,37.976752,37.9768,37.976828,37.97687,37.976979,37.977098,37.977231,37.977323,37.977366,37.977391,37.977402,37.977405,37.977392,37.97737,37.977319,37.977126,37.977004,37.976967,37.976943,37.976934,37.976939,37.976983,37.977043,37.977103,37.977133,37.977141,37.977135,37.977114,37.977078,37.977036,37.976821,37.976779,37.97674,37.976722,37.976723,37.976739,37.976768,37.976812,37.976926,37.977015,37.977174,37.977229,37.977342,37.977547,37.977826,37.978468,37.978581,37.978737,37.978877,37.979007,37.979081,37.979226,37.979423,37.979538,37.979662,37.979948,37.980048,37.980343,37.980608,37.980922,37.981004,37.981109,37.981159,37.981344,37.981415,37.981534,37.981623,37.981688,37.981823,37.981877,37.981926,37.981961,37.981978,37.982015,37.982029,37.982054,37.982094,37.982205,37.9823,37.982358,37.982414,37.982493,37.982519,37.98261,37.982695,37.982865,37.983057,37.983034,37.983011,37.982994,37.982922,37.982799,37.982734,37.98264,37.982556,37.982458,37.982395,37.982344,37.98206,37.981987,37.981907,37.981845,37.98176,37.981722,37.981696,37.981684,37.979854,37.979535,37.979136,37.978687,37.978548,37.978199,37.977812,37.977417,37.977025,37.976641,37.976242,37.975538,37.975046,37.974305,37.97382,37.973459,37.973031,37.972842,37.971886,37.969764,37.969434,37.969165,37.96899,37.968812,37.968587,37.968113,37.967551,37.967244,37.966997,37.966708,37.966434,37.965756,37.96474,37.964541,37.964375,37.96399,37.963321,37.963083,37.962843,37.962604,37.962318,37.962084,37.961851,37.961622,37.961417,37.961154,37.960847,37.960555,37.959313,37.958662,37.958357,37.957834,37.95774,37.957471,37.957198,37.956556,37.955878,37.955569,37.955461,37.95522,37.955028,37.954787,37.954629,37.954136,37.953961,37.953741,37.953533,37.953339,37.953191,37.952979,37.95275,37.952571,37.952339,37.952077,37.952033,37.951298,37.950996,37.95079,37.950623,37.950486,37.950387,37.950274,37.950055,37.94987,37.949784,37.949488,37.948563,37.948383,37.948213,37.948001,37.947789,37.947536,37.947327,37.946788,37.946456,37.945991,37.945806,37.945615,37.945423,37.945193,37.945002,37.944779,37.9446,37.944392,37.944224,37.944064,37.94374,37.943633,37.943508,37.943392,37.943288,37.943249,37.943032,37.94291,37.942718,37.942307,37.942035,37.941913,37.94171,37.941498,37.941342,37.941065,37.940728,37.940546,37.940287,37.940207,37.939676,37.939642,37.939479,37.939311,37.938969,37.938657,37.938422,37.938231,37.937978,37.937519,37.937279,37.937033,37.936615,37.936343,37.936074,37.935386,37.934958,37.9347,37.934446,37.934303,37.934134,37.933929,37.933732,37.933542,37.933337,37.933291,37.933181,37.9329,37.932605,37.932552,37.932376,37.932151,37.931922,37.931743,37.93164,37.93145,37.93111,37.930531,37.929292,37.929002,37.928674,37.928058,37.928001,37.927218,37.92672,37.926038,37.925849,37.925618,37.925223,37.924499,37.923807,37.922575,37.92239,37.921928,37.921186,37.92033,37.919595,37.919255,37.91913,37.919092,37.91882,37.918728,37.918515,37.918215,37.917794,37.917587,37.916905,37.9166,37.916477,37.916175,37.915879,37.915592,37.914735,37.914416,37.914234,37.913751,37.913327,37.91262,37.91216,37.912085,37.911057,37.910411,37.909485,37.909031,37.90898,37.907994,37.907593,37.906903,37.906403,37.905439,37.904255,37.903763,37.903692,37.903262,37.903214,37.90278,37.902707,37.902606,37.902541,37.902371,37.902119,37.901642,37.901531,37.901518,37.901331,37.901117,37.900589,37.900264,37.899846,37.899802,37.899551,37.899482,37.89927,37.898888,37.89866,37.898071,37.897312,37.897198,37.896897,37.896745,37.896403,37.895908,37.895441,37.895397,37.895235,37.894722,37.894333,37.894149,37.89392,37.89359,37.892861,37.892734,37.892422,37.892116,37.891969,37.891546,37.890914,37.890609,37.890251,37.890126,37.88999,37.889243,37.889195,37.888822,37.888558,37.888339,37.888257,37.888197,37.888128,37.88791,37.887795,37.88772,37.887699,37.887623,37.887588,37.887542,37.887477,37.887411,37.887357,37.887269,37.887241,37.887218,37.887176,37.887143,37.887116,37.887055,37.887008,37.886937,37.886855,37.886812,37.886781,37.88667,37.886567,37.886482,37.88645,37.886418,37.886382,37.886382,37.886402,37.886431,37.886478,37.886619,37.886639,37.886672,37.886708,37.886723,37.886727,37.886719,37.88669,37.88656,37.886508,37.886431,37.886408,37.886304,37.88629,37.886273,37.886236,37.886218,37.886175,37.886137,37.886031,37.885824,37.885514,37.885486,37.885239,37.885092,37.885022,37.884943,37.884688,37.884555,37.884432,37.883992,37.883924,37.883545,37.883426,37.882551,37.8822,37.882116,37.881998,37.881718,37.881506,37.881372,37.881171,37.880638,37.880341,37.880112,37.879871,37.878622,37.878395,37.877875,37.876894,37.876613,37.87642,37.876008,37.875727,37.87489,37.874618,37.873608,37.872836,37.871509,37.871268,37.871609,37.871788,37.871842,37.871923,37.87199,37.872053,37.87209,37.872134,37.872236,37.872354,37.87238,37.872412,37.872506,37.872705,37.872849,37.872863,37.872992,37.873305,37.873342,37.873523,37.873555,37.873758,37.874033,37.874339,37.874462,37.874562,37.874792,37.874847,37.874918,37.874936,37.874951,37.874974,37.87501,37.875061,37.875097,37.875155,37.875222,37.875375,37.875661,37.875693,37.87575,37.875802,37.875845,37.875916,37.875956,37.875988,37.876041,37.876077,37.876138,37.876221,37.876297,37.876339,37.87647,37.876666,37.876772,37.876863,37.876937,37.877036,37.877281,37.877458,37.877873,37.877959,37.878005,37.878179,37.878211,37.878329,37.87843,37.878497,37.878665,37.878845,37.878941,37.879,37.879045,37.879066,37.879083,37.879086,37.879074,37.87902,37.878914,37.878886,37.878836,37.878775,37.878749,37.878567,37.878498,37.878474,37.878465,37.878467,37.878471,37.878481,37.878489,37.878524,37.878539,37.878586,37.878607,37.878785,37.878891,37.878955,37.879024,37.87907,37.879227,37.879236,37.879305,37.879395,37.879476,37.879594,37.879724,37.879836,37.880048,37.880267,37.880391,37.880678,37.880977,37.881123,37.881259,37.881361,37.881456,37.881565,37.88161,37.881661,37.881693,37.88172,37.881733,37.881743,37.881742,37.881748,37.881762,37.881812,37.881875,37.881998,37.882136,37.882166,37.882311,37.882326,37.882525,37.88255,37.882625,37.882806,37.883095,37.883318,37.883461,37.883484,37.883582,37.883698,37.883823,37.883956,37.884212,37.884444,37.884728,37.885193,37.885413,37.885543,37.885676,37.885812,37.886083,37.8863,37.886662,37.887014,37.887181,37.887651,37.887932,37.887974,37.888014,37.888128,37.888288,37.88834,37.888503,37.888635,37.888762,37.88888,37.888948,37.889176,37.889361,37.889439,37.889544,37.889682,37.889798,37.889818,37.889966,37.890119,37.890553,37.891251,37.891434,37.891543,37.892077,37.892436,37.893129,37.894017,37.89426,37.894442,37.894617,37.894791,37.89494,37.895071,37.895178,37.895197,37.89536,37.895491,37.895612,37.89573,37.895958,37.896131,37.896215,37.896343,37.896479,37.896621,37.896741,37.896866,37.897021,37.897153,37.897286,37.897509,37.897704,37.89782,37.898003,37.898179,37.898349,37.898525,37.898587,37.898708,37.898857,37.898977,37.899129,37.899281,37.899434,37.899651,37.899806,37.899957,37.900074,37.901202,37.902116,37.903033,37.903161,37.903294,37.903394,37.903484,37.903597,37.903687,37.903795,37.903876,37.90396,37.904025,37.904087,37.904141,37.904564,37.904672,37.904684,37.904748,37.904781,37.9048,37.904804,37.904808,37.904806,37.904804,37.904785,37.904713,37.904577,37.904562,37.904537,37.904495,37.904451,37.904384,37.904293,37.904228,37.904138,37.904018,37.903905,37.903761,37.903646,37.903536,37.903451,37.903353,37.903265,37.903182,37.903108,37.903046,37.902989,37.902952,37.902872,37.902801,37.90278,37.902753,37.902701,37.902639,37.902579,37.902491,37.902335,37.902162,37.90211,37.902057,37.902002,37.901828,37.901691,37.901533,37.901463,37.901397,37.901311,37.901126,37.901078,37.901052,37.901032,37.901028,37.901039,37.901056,37.901081,37.901147,37.90121,37.901326,37.901464,37.901606]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.90797,-78.907954,-78.907978,-78.907965,-78.90795,-78.907919,-78.907841,-78.907714,-78.907589,-78.907479,-78.907409,-78.907367,-78.907299,-78.907271,-78.907303,-78.907292,-78.907267,-78.90726,-78.907253,-78.907245,-78.907263,-78.907275,-78.907277,-78.907279,-78.907281,-78.907283,-78.90727,-78.907268,-78.907227,-78.907216,-78.907174,-78.907163,-78.907128,-78.907045,-78.906907,-78.906862,-78.906773,-78.906545,-78.906194,-78.906112,-78.90608,-78.906021,-78.906016,-78.906016,-78.906013,-78.905995,-78.905981,-78.905938,-78.906016,-78.906035,-78.906037,-78.906044,-78.906098,-78.906449,-78.906739,-78.906745,-78.906944,-78.906972,-78.907041,-78.907051,-78.906945,-78.906722,-78.906547,-78.905996,-78.905745,-78.905253,-78.905114,-78.905104,-78.905084,-78.905049,-78.904744,-78.904496,-78.904382,-78.904351,-78.904175,-78.903849,-78.903576,-78.903261,-78.902944,-78.902841,-78.902512,-78.902357,-78.902076,-78.901792,-78.90152,-78.901287,-78.901116,-78.900914,-78.900773,-78.90055,-78.90045,-78.900451,-78.900421,-78.900279,-78.900087,-78.899966,-78.899825,-78.899746,-78.89966,-78.899523,-78.89933,-78.899074,-78.898871,-78.898613,-78.898278,-78.897833,-78.89759,-78.897052,-78.896574,-78.896198,-78.895984,-78.895548,-78.895379,-78.895112,-78.894884,-78.894719,-78.894507,-78.894252,-78.894069,-78.893918,-78.893723,-78.893478,-78.893223,-78.892938,-78.892711,-78.892572,-78.892144,-78.891778,-78.891506,-78.89124,-78.890854,-78.890542,-78.890294,-78.890126,-78.889757,-78.889342,-78.888897,-78.888654,-78.888478,-78.88828,-78.888119,-78.88803,-78.887931,-78.887923,-78.887884,-78.887833,-78.887819,-78.88783,-78.887829,-78.887829,-78.88783,-78.887831,-78.887837,-78.887794,-78.887851,-78.887905,-78.887935,-78.887943,-78.887998,-78.888011,-78.888022,-78.888038,-78.888044,-78.888047,-78.888136,-78.888138,-78.888145,-78.888142,-78.888141,-78.888087,-78.88808,-78.887776,-78.88763,-78.887393,-78.887149,-78.886857,-78.88627,-78.886068,-78.885829,-78.885612,-78.885585,-78.885518,-78.885462,-78.885242,-78.885207,-78.88516,-78.885139,-78.885117,-78.885111,-78.884869,-78.884836,-78.884345,-78.884215,-78.884178,-78.88417,-78.884127,-78.883954,-78.88393,-78.883429,-78.883419,-78.883278,-78.883168,-78.883161,-78.882117,-78.881898,-78.881895,-78.881756,-78.881721,-78.881744,-78.881748,-78.881762,-78.881774,-78.881778,-78.881782,-78.881793,-78.881854,-78.881913,-78.881917,-78.881922,-78.881936,-78.882099,-78.882179,-78.882214,-78.88225,-78.882259,-78.882287,-78.882286,-78.882292,-78.882335,-78.882366,-78.88237,-78.882372,-78.882374,-78.882375,-78.882379,-78.882375,-78.882369,-78.882366,-78.882359,-78.882361,-78.882363,-78.882367,-78.882386,-78.882354,-78.882287,-78.882162,-78.881951,-78.881639,-78.881336,-78.880758,-78.879702,-78.879185,-78.878983,-78.878701,-78.878398,-78.878036,-78.877757,-78.877639,-78.877612,-78.877527,-78.876974,-78.875994,-78.874772,-78.874757,-78.874335,-78.873996,-78.873692,-78.872888,-78.872618,-78.872545,-78.872432,-78.872186,-78.871778,-78.871763,-78.871746,-78.871407,-78.870956,-78.870637,-78.870301,-78.869625,-78.869538,-78.869498,-78.869424,-78.8694,-78.869382,-78.869362,-78.868611,-78.868554,-78.868506,-78.868478,-78.867415,-78.866397,-78.865678,-78.865396,-78.864662,-78.86429,-78.863992,-78.863806,-78.863756,-78.863706,-78.863559,-78.863529,-78.863187,-78.863009,-78.862647,-78.862606,-78.862577,-78.862531,-78.862491,-78.862481,-78.862471,-78.862461,-78.862318,-78.862251,-78.862242,-78.862128,-78.861884,-78.861294,-78.860759,-78.860337,-78.86002,-78.859832,-78.859382,-78.859249,-78.859147,-78.859097,-78.858606,-78.858326,-78.858276,-78.858104,-78.857955,-78.857901,-78.85789,-78.857882,-78.857903,-78.857908,-78.857912,-78.857928,-78.857851,-78.857848,-78.857834,-78.857825,-78.857785,-78.857796,-78.857783,-78.857721,-78.857692,-78.857668,-78.857665,-78.857656,-78.857649,-78.857638,-78.85755,-78.857513,-78.857503,-78.857499,-78.857495,-78.857456,-78.857438,-78.857432,-78.85709,-78.856865,-78.85664,-78.856434,-78.856246,-78.855726,-78.85519,-78.854668,-78.854641,-78.854607,-78.854539,-78.854477,-78.854384,-78.854106,-78.853331,-78.85279,-78.852035,-78.851249,-78.85033,-78.849705,-78.849141,-78.848637,-78.848205,-78.847978,-78.847547,-78.847065,-78.846359,-78.845858,-78.845193,-78.844148,-78.843605,-78.843359,-78.843123,-78.842957,-78.842364,-78.84216,-78.841698,-78.841317,-78.841089,-78.840688,-78.84038,-78.839764,-78.839048,-78.838874,-78.834563,-78.834176,-78.83408,-78.83371,-78.833706,-78.833692,-78.833657,-78.833434,-78.833277,-78.832958,-78.832842,-78.832802,-78.832779,-78.832472,-78.831778,-78.831724,-78.831178,-78.831014,-78.830645,-78.830574,-78.83046,-78.830126,-78.830075,-78.829735,-78.829358,-78.82928,-78.828709,-78.828065,-78.826249,-78.825856,-78.824622,-78.82384,-78.823497,-78.823314,-78.822961,-78.822847,-78.822704,-78.822274,-78.821918,-78.821825,-78.82134,-78.820842,-78.820663,-78.820125,-78.820027,-78.819907,-78.819807,-78.819775,-78.819709,-78.819394,-78.818174,-78.81727,-78.816796,-78.815754,-78.814044,-78.813113,-78.812897,-78.810157,-78.808825,-78.808274,-78.807185,-78.807041,-78.806922,-78.806325,-78.806148,-78.805852,-78.80559,-78.803846,-78.803022,-78.802415,-78.8014,-78.800106,-78.799405,-78.798615,-78.79774,-78.794485,-78.794285,-78.792317,-78.788575,-78.787283,-78.78668,-78.786012,-78.785451,-78.785194,-78.785031,-78.782193,-78.78208,-78.781954,-78.781531,-78.780182,-78.779983,-78.778341,-78.778036,-78.777108,-78.776345,-78.770709,-78.768752,-78.767914,-78.7655,-78.765424,-78.763039,-78.761758,-78.760379,-78.760272,-78.76014,-78.759765,-78.759561,-78.759276,-78.759093,-78.758457,-78.757272,-78.756977,-78.756077,-78.755398,-78.753516,-78.751173,-78.751059,-78.750355,-78.749277,-78.749207,-78.748147,-78.742418,-78.742067,-78.741335,-78.741237,-78.740231,-78.740025,-78.738945,-78.737817,-78.734107,-78.73395,-78.732585,-78.732553,-78.732514,-78.732467,-78.732442,-78.73223,-78.732117,-78.732716,-78.733042,-78.733562,-78.733874,-78.734529,-78.735435,-78.736186,-78.73657,-78.73708,-78.737429,-78.737733,-78.738094,-78.738411,-78.738655,-78.73895,-78.739176,-78.739434,-78.739675,-78.739901,-78.740453,-78.740668,-78.740705,-78.740963,-78.741254,-78.741291,-78.741503,-78.741896,-78.742294,-78.742337,-78.742639,-78.742954,-78.743416,-78.743761,-78.744246,-78.744673,-78.744986,-78.7456,-78.745985,-78.746473,-78.746537,-78.747045,-78.748053,-78.748624,-78.748998,-78.749369,-78.74973,-78.750081,-78.750504,-78.750789,-78.751134,-78.751401,-78.75166,-78.752046,-78.752739,-78.753217,-78.753364,-78.753673,-78.753945,-78.754377,-78.754769,-78.755244,-78.755862,-78.756115,-78.756546,-78.756986,-78.757154,-78.758071,-78.758276,-78.758781,-78.759118,-78.759535,-78.7597,-78.75996,-78.760298,-78.760903,-78.761663,-78.765119,-78.76637,-78.767015,-78.768162,-78.768859,-78.769991,-78.770651,-78.771161,-78.772128,-78.772981,-78.773282,-78.773448,-78.773628,-78.773646,-78.774632,-78.775647,-78.776444,-78.777066,-78.777773,-78.778415,-78.778484,-78.779989,-78.780494,-78.782216,-78.784589,-78.784941,-78.785267,-78.785644,-78.785994,-78.786295,-78.78636,-78.786677,-78.787056,-78.787324,-78.787653,-78.788106,-78.788395,-78.788681,-78.789014,-78.789287,-78.789604,-78.78988,-78.79016,-78.790444,-78.790713,-78.791137,-78.791688,-78.792238,-78.792722,-78.792933,-78.793125,-78.793467,-78.793805,-78.794027,-78.794354,-78.79462,-78.794879,-78.795129,-78.79536,-78.795579,-78.795771,-78.796086,-78.796949,-78.797198,-78.797459,-78.797729,-78.798051,-78.798306,-78.798479,-78.798785,-78.799034,-78.799411,-78.799728,-78.799993,-78.800234,-78.800253,-78.800286,-78.800308,-78.800317,-78.80036,-78.800416,-78.800504,-78.800618,-78.800875,-78.800992,-78.80115,-78.801282,-78.801467,-78.801576,-78.801656,-78.801687,-78.801708,-78.801725,-78.801726,-78.801707,-78.801704,-78.801723,-78.801759,-78.801847,-78.801907,-78.801952,-78.801981,-78.801993,-78.801987,-78.801958,-78.80193,-78.801878,-78.801801,-78.801788,-78.801799,-78.801833,-78.80189,-78.801919,-78.801967,-78.802088,-78.802154,-78.802191,-78.802258,-78.802324,-78.802354,-78.802359,-78.802345,-78.802288,-78.802293,-78.802316,-78.802343,-78.802385,-78.802412,-78.802484,-78.802574,-78.80271,-78.802854,-78.802903,-78.802973,-78.803076,-78.803168,-78.803248,-78.803323,-78.803382,-78.803412,-78.803424,-78.803418,-78.803394,-78.803308,-78.803268,-78.803255,-78.803259,-78.803283,-78.803315,-78.803388,-78.803412,-78.803429,-78.80345,-78.803482,-78.803518,-78.803556,-78.803614,-78.803652,-78.803671,-78.803671,-78.803652,-78.803652,-78.803642,-78.803644,-78.803663,-78.803703,-78.803877,-78.804199,-78.804297,-78.8044,-78.80456,-78.804883,-78.804945,-78.805048,-78.805143,-78.805237,-78.805406,-78.805771,-78.805939,-78.806158,-78.80626,-78.806436,-78.806619,-78.806986,-78.80732,-78.807539,-78.807652,-78.807765,-78.807903,-78.808156,-78.808394,-78.808624,-78.808732,-78.808884,-78.809023,-78.809197,-78.809347,-78.809545,-78.809713,-78.810035,-78.810313,-78.810426,-78.810603,-78.810759,-78.811024,-78.811195,-78.811602,-78.81182,-78.812145,-78.812148,-78.812172,-78.812205,-78.812264,-78.812325,-78.812446,-78.812551,-78.812647,-78.81281,-78.812963,-78.813244,-78.813495,-78.813821,-78.814439,-78.815462,-78.815623,-78.816232,-78.816282,-78.816536,-78.816948,-78.817383,-78.817841,-78.818082,-78.818281,-78.818465,-78.818647,-78.818794,-78.818918,-78.819054,-78.81919,-78.819333,-78.819627,-78.819828,-78.819931,-78.820438,-78.820518,-78.820829,-78.820928,-78.821054,-78.821154,-78.822797,-78.822915,-78.823037,-78.823555,-78.823691,-78.823783,-78.823873,-78.823931,-78.824003,-78.824105,-78.824215,-78.824299,-78.8244,-78.824485,-78.824542,-78.824597,-78.82461,-78.824621,-78.82461,-78.824554,-78.824545,-78.824555,-78.824583,-78.824618,-78.824662,-78.82472,-78.824789,-78.824851,-78.82492,-78.824993,-78.82514,-78.825341,-78.825518,-78.825635,-78.825749,-78.826003,-78.826312,-78.826496,-78.827054,-78.827292,-78.827656,-78.827893,-78.828274,-78.828665,-78.828804,-78.828961,-78.829085,-78.829203,-78.829315,-78.82953,-78.829671,-78.829802,-78.829877,-78.829957,-78.829997,-78.830051,-78.830084,-78.830132,-78.830141,-78.830168,-78.830173,-78.830165,-78.830127,-78.830128,-78.830148,-78.830171,-78.830206,-78.83024,-78.830264,-78.830274,-78.830373,-78.830506,-78.830595,-78.830694,-78.830793,-78.830904,-78.830979,-78.831072,-78.83115,-78.831251,-78.831389,-78.831525,-78.831593,-78.831947,-78.832066,-78.832148,-78.832206,-78.832256,-78.832305,-78.832332,-78.832377,-78.832421,-78.832479,-78.832539,-78.832613,-78.832699,-78.832794,-78.832894,-78.832959,-78.833038,-78.833277,-78.833387,-78.833526,-78.833644,-78.833727,-78.833826,-78.833917,-78.833997,-78.83414,-78.834414,-78.834594,-78.834796,-78.834952,-78.834973,-78.835036,-78.835112,-78.835199,-78.835313,-78.8354,-78.835538,-78.8357,-78.835831,-78.835967,-78.836128,-78.836278,-78.836513,-78.836875,-78.836994,-78.837151,-78.837315,-78.837466,-78.837619,-78.837772,-78.838664,-78.83876,-78.839229,-78.839899,-78.840491,-78.84116,-78.841579,-78.841698,-78.842087,-78.842337,-78.842471,-78.842678,-78.844197,-78.844368,-78.8445,-78.8447,-78.844894,-78.84508,-78.845254,-78.845408,-78.845551,-78.845655,-78.845959,-78.846179,-78.846338,-78.846479,-78.846665,-78.846832,-78.846872,-78.84695,-78.847041,-78.847117,-78.847219,-78.847326,-78.847414,-78.847524,-78.847611,-78.847718,-78.847797,-78.847868,-78.847945,-78.84811,-78.848224,-78.848338,-78.848465,-78.848603,-78.84878,-78.849009,-78.849241,-78.849537,-78.849792,-78.850048,-78.850221,-78.850436,-78.85069,-78.850896,-78.851203,-78.851441,-78.851896,-78.852216,-78.852418,-78.85265,-78.852806,-78.853449,-78.854087,-78.85496,-78.85537,-78.855633,-78.856173,-78.856811,-78.857437,-78.857744,-78.857798,-78.857908,-78.85805,-78.858483,-78.860102,-78.860652,-78.860908,-78.861588,-78.863036,-78.863876,-78.863963,-78.864091,-78.86419,-78.864281,-78.864352,-78.864429,-78.864491,-78.864637,-78.864665,-78.864715,-78.864765,-78.864807,-78.864893,-78.865323,-78.866011,-78.866392,-78.86647,-78.866531,-78.866667,-78.866681,-78.86673,-78.866919,-78.866982,-78.867054,-78.867255,-78.867288,-78.867302,-78.867407,-78.867705,-78.867903,-78.867962,-78.868234,-78.868362,-78.868399,-78.868412,-78.868421,-78.868414,-78.868385,-78.868195,-78.868084,-78.868021,-78.867944,-78.867855,-78.867247,-78.867212,-78.867148,-78.867083,-78.867043,-78.867007,-78.866965,-78.866936,-78.866948,-78.866972,-78.867004,-78.867103,-78.867285,-78.86731,-78.867338,-78.867369,-78.867392,-78.867408,-78.867476,-78.867549,-78.867654,-78.867968,-78.868085,-78.868479,-78.869142,-78.869645,-78.870223,-78.870273,-78.870401,-78.870444,-78.870546,-78.870576,-78.870582,-78.870574,-78.870569,-78.870541,-78.870457,-78.87045,-78.870362,-78.870345,-78.870314,-78.870282,-78.870268,-78.870272,-78.870289,-78.870324,-78.870375,-78.870466,-78.870998,-78.871959,-78.873444,-78.873244,-78.872692,-78.87221,-78.871186,-78.870462,-78.87021,-78.869651,-78.869111,-78.868872,-78.867506,-78.866869,-78.866447,-78.866181,-78.865617,-78.864937,-78.864729,-78.864672,-78.864068,-78.863418,-78.86297,-78.862782,-78.862407,-78.862259,-78.861277,-78.860503,-78.860216,-78.859736,-78.859501,-78.859434,-78.859195,-78.85916,-78.858828,-78.858603,-78.858217,-78.85806,-78.857922,-78.857913,-78.857815,-78.857394,-78.857133,-78.856937,-78.856849,-78.856722,-78.856639,-78.856137,-78.85608,-78.855567,-78.855483,-78.854896,-78.853482,-78.852345,-78.851758,-78.850949,-78.850466,-78.849273,-78.849213,-78.8487,-78.847597,-78.846829,-78.845625,-78.845531,-78.84496,-78.844143,-78.843637,-78.843049,-78.842857,-78.842524,-78.841645,-78.841408,-78.841186,-78.840981,-78.840904,-78.840678,-78.840177,-78.840025,-78.839768,-78.839615,-78.839518,-78.839479,-78.839376,-78.839362,-78.83932,-78.839228,-78.839106,-78.839025,-78.838941,-78.838902,-78.838887,-78.838748,-78.838637,-78.838527,-78.838468,-78.838432,-78.838402,-78.838292,-78.838211,-78.838092,-78.838088,-78.838055,-78.838075,-78.838115,-78.838332,-78.838439,-78.838506,-78.838557,-78.83859,-78.838655,-78.838755,-78.838871,-78.838976,-78.839015,-78.839243,-78.839483,-78.839583,-78.839633,-78.839841,-78.840008,-78.84016,-78.840295,-78.840392,-78.840456,-78.840547,-78.840622,-78.840721,-78.84085,-78.840886,-78.840902,-78.84089,-78.840861,-78.840814,-78.8407,-78.840611,-78.840532,-78.840416,-78.840235,-78.84001,-78.83989,-78.839781,-78.839757,-78.839385,-78.839325,-78.839154,-78.839032,-78.838801,-78.838609,-78.838501,-78.838332,-78.838147,-78.838012,-78.837698,-78.8372,-78.836947,-78.836772,-78.836432,-78.836359,-78.836183,-78.836019,-78.835867,-78.835754,-78.835463,-78.835344,-78.835241,-78.83514,-78.835075,-78.835015,-78.834982,-78.834967,-78.834975,-78.835001,-78.835044,-78.835193,-78.835308,-78.835473,-78.835522,-78.835557,-78.835567,-78.835559,-78.835541,-78.83551,-78.835332,-78.83527,-78.835256,-78.835213,-78.835139,-78.835089,-78.835041,-78.834962,-78.83485,-78.83469,-78.834414,-78.833687,-78.833644,-78.83338,-78.83316,-78.833008,-78.832832,-78.832686,-78.832597,-78.832496,-78.832403,-78.832325,-78.832277,-78.832189,-78.832175,-78.832175,-78.832189,-78.832223,-78.832243,-78.832314,-78.832492,-78.832665,-78.832753,-78.832859,-78.832907,-78.83319,-78.833366,-78.833765,-78.834502,-78.834678,-78.834854,-78.834982,-78.835068,-78.83514,-78.835194,-78.835231,-78.835254,-78.835255,-78.835238,-78.835203,-78.835082,-78.835017,-78.834986,-78.834948,-78.834756,-78.834651,-78.834628,-78.834623,-78.834634,-78.834665,-78.834762,-78.834862,-78.834927,-78.834992,-78.835068,-78.835212,-78.835394,-78.836629,-78.837175,-78.83728,-78.837508,-78.837686,-78.837913,-78.838238,-78.838453,-78.838743,-78.83889,-78.839015,-78.839123,-78.839214,-78.839283,-78.839324,-78.839336,-78.839357,-78.839358,-78.839345,-78.839187,-78.839274,-78.839356,-78.83943,-78.839543,-78.839645,-78.839827,-78.840018,-78.840904,-78.841102,-78.84139,-78.84199,-78.842583,-78.843306,-78.843752,-78.844677,-78.845224,-78.845414,-78.845543,-78.84561,-78.845726,-78.845811,-78.845859,-78.845928,-78.84595,-78.846033,-78.84611,-78.846211,-78.846411,-78.846696,-78.846829,-78.846968,-78.84714,-78.847807,-78.847892,-78.847992,-78.848085,-78.848158,-78.848286,-78.848364,-78.848487,-78.848669,-78.848769,-78.849013,-78.849063,-78.849153,-78.849202,-78.849373,-78.849528,-78.849721,-78.849785,-78.849976,-78.850076,-78.850192,-78.850437,-78.85064,-78.850732,-78.850873,-78.850998,-78.851116,-78.85119,-78.851544,-78.85168,-78.851802,-78.851891,-78.851944,-78.852131,-78.852257,-78.852442,-78.852539,-78.852644,-78.852753,-78.852864,-78.852963,-78.853124,-78.853249,-78.853766,-78.85389,-78.85404,-78.854184,-78.854319,-78.854477,-78.854662,-78.854881,-78.855132,-78.855378,-78.855481,-78.855583,-78.855682,-78.855774,-78.85598,-78.856262,-78.856365,-78.856443,-78.856543,-78.856694,-78.856789,-78.856905,-78.857037,-78.85725,-78.857592,-78.857941,-78.858308,-78.858504,-78.858723,-78.858936,-78.859066,-78.859254,-78.859641,-78.859943,-78.859996,-78.860135,-78.86028,-78.86043,-78.860583,-78.861357,-78.86142,-78.861581,-78.861744,-78.861925,-78.862167,-78.862413,-78.862603,-78.862739,-78.863402,-78.863975,-78.864543,-78.864974,-78.865199,-78.865419,-78.865657,-78.865955,-78.86608,-78.866209,-78.866289,-78.866422,-78.866616,-78.866684,-78.866792,-78.867252,-78.867411,-78.867772,-78.867966,-78.868417,-78.869,-78.869194,-78.869305,-78.869458,-78.869548,-78.869797,-78.869908,-78.87047,-78.870599,-78.870838,-78.87099,-78.871288,-78.871406,-78.871545,-78.871614,-78.871704,-78.872224,-78.87264,-78.87352,-78.873562,-78.873638,-78.873825,-78.873957,-78.874061,-78.874228,-78.874744,-78.875362,-78.876146,-78.876368,-78.876563,-78.87684,-78.877083,-78.877222,-78.877326,-78.877375,-78.877382,-78.877306,-78.877202,-78.877146,-78.877223,-78.877209,-78.87705,-78.877001,-78.877008,-78.876939,-78.876967,-78.877057,-78.877231,-78.877425,-78.877439,-78.87737,-78.877391,-78.877433,-78.877502,-78.877579,-78.877586,-78.87776,-78.877808,-78.877927,-78.87799,-78.878073,-78.87817,-78.878413,-78.87867,-78.878878,-78.879031,-78.879205,-78.879642,-78.879871,-78.88001,-78.880051,-78.880024,-78.879989,-78.879975,-78.879996,-78.880059,-78.88017,-78.880357,-78.880579,-78.880912,-78.881017,-78.881058,-78.881156,-78.881315,-78.881558,-78.88187,-78.882044,-78.882252,-78.882391,-78.88246,-78.882599,-78.883009,-78.883113,-78.88321,-78.883314,-78.883433,-78.883516,-78.883703,-78.883773,-78.883801,-78.883856,-78.88396,-78.884134,-78.884286,-78.884411,-78.884793,-78.884897,-78.885036,-78.885161,-78.885355,-78.885445,-78.885563,-78.885716,-78.886056,-78.886618,-78.886881,-78.88711,-78.887374,-78.887471,-78.887554,-78.887679,-78.888172,-78.888442,-78.888664,-78.889358,-78.889524,-78.889698,-78.890163,-78.890433,-78.89069,-78.89094,-78.891175,-78.891335,-78.891807,-78.892438,-78.892722,-78.892889,-78.893257,-78.893409,-78.901923,-78.901646,-78.901314,-78.901123,-78.901065,-78.901109,-78.901141,-78.901359,-78.901486,-78.901646,-78.902035,-78.902161,-78.902345,-78.902435,-78.902457,-78.902423,-78.902406,-78.902372,-78.902336,-78.902245,-78.902083,-78.902006,-78.901957,-78.901745,-78.901703,-78.901637,-78.901246,-78.900901,-78.90076,-78.900699,-78.900548,-78.90053,-78.900515,-78.900492,-78.900556,-78.900578,-78.900601,-78.900274,-78.899888,-78.899615,-78.899484,-78.899435,-78.899436,-78.899469,-78.899644,-78.899901,-78.899944,-78.899997,-78.900026,-78.900006,-78.899936,-78.899863,-78.899645,-78.899361,-78.899045,-78.898773,-78.898675,-78.898541,-78.898421,-78.898102,-78.897889,-78.897564,-78.896994,-78.896955,-78.896845,-78.89674,-78.896603,-78.89645,-78.896334,-78.896236,-78.896243,-78.896239,-78.896205,-78.896165,-78.896145,-78.896105,-78.896014,-78.895898,-78.895745,-78.89558,-78.895339,-78.894992,-78.89483,-78.894688,-78.894542,-78.894446,-78.894396,-78.894286,-78.894256,-78.894248,-78.894239,-78.894209,-78.894139,-78.893867,-78.893585,-78.893304,-78.893008,-78.892776,-78.892585,-78.892588,-78.89261,-78.892816,-78.893033,-78.893228,-78.893345,-78.893446,-78.893455,-78.893478,-78.893611,-78.893845,-78.89417,-78.894312,-78.89549,-78.895881,-78.896824,-78.897674,-78.898634,-78.899412,-78.900107,-78.900459,-78.900476,-78.900492,-78.900729,-78.900768,-78.900842,-78.901571,-78.902064,-78.902187,-78.902395,-78.90276,-78.903044,-78.903309,-78.903542,-78.903633,-78.903806,-78.904045,-78.904177,-78.904288,-78.904422,-78.904571,-78.90499,-78.905245,-78.905704,-78.905989,-78.906437,-78.906692,-78.906915,-78.907149,-78.907445,-78.907566,-78.907699,-78.907802,-78.907875,-78.907927,-78.907978,-78.90797],"lat":[37.976982,37.977307,37.977675,37.978113,37.978818,37.978963,37.979165,37.979325,37.979562,37.979804,37.980055,37.980184,37.980354,37.980621,37.981047,37.981109,37.981195,37.981243,37.98129,37.981338,37.981442,37.981584,37.981609,37.981639,37.98167,37.981697,37.981765,37.981775,37.981966,37.982019,37.982127,37.982154,37.982243,37.982338,37.982559,37.982742,37.982931,37.983438,37.983981,37.984211,37.984322,37.98444,37.98445,37.98448,37.984515,37.984574,37.984668,37.984768,37.984833,37.984942,37.984951,37.984986,37.985109,37.985895,37.986418,37.986429,37.986787,37.986894,37.987043,37.987219,37.987538,37.98771,37.987837,37.988249,37.988325,37.988533,37.988618,37.988624,37.988636,37.988657,37.988818,37.988942,37.988999,37.989035,37.989239,37.989366,37.989531,37.989686,37.989899,37.989959,37.990152,37.99024,37.990336,37.990547,37.990774,37.991049,37.991316,37.991519,37.991753,37.991996,37.992252,37.992273,37.992393,37.992563,37.992741,37.992895,37.993024,37.993173,37.993297,37.993502,37.993682,37.993951,37.994101,37.994259,37.994572,37.994888,37.99501,37.995222,37.995345,37.995387,37.995355,37.995288,37.995266,37.995222,37.9951,37.99505,37.994948,37.994885,37.994853,37.994804,37.994741,37.994621,37.994589,37.994574,37.994546,37.994527,37.994488,37.994506,37.994526,37.994588,37.994646,37.994747,37.994809,37.994883,37.995045,37.995354,37.995807,37.996018,37.996164,37.99631,37.996463,37.99655,37.996621,37.996664,37.996791,37.996899,37.996921,37.996969,37.997237,37.997256,37.997289,37.997305,37.997413,37.997507,37.99766,37.997791,37.998083,37.998102,37.998236,37.998268,37.998296,37.998336,37.998376,37.998394,37.998957,37.998969,37.999011,37.999036,37.999047,37.999576,37.999644,37.99999,38.000048,38.000142,38.000605,38.000889,38.001473,38.001869,38.002289,38.003153,38.003206,38.003335,38.003447,38.003879,38.003934,38.004007,38.00404,38.004074,38.004083,38.004456,38.004507,38.005222,38.005412,38.005466,38.005478,38.005541,38.005762,38.005792,38.006431,38.006443,38.006622,38.006753,38.006761,38.008,38.008688,38.008699,38.009239,38.009372,38.00998,38.010073,38.010436,38.010478,38.010491,38.010504,38.010542,38.010755,38.011142,38.011158,38.01118,38.01124,38.011949,38.012328,38.012771,38.012979,38.013031,38.013191,38.013445,38.013522,38.01392,38.014201,38.014238,38.014257,38.014279,38.014289,38.014323,38.014383,38.014468,38.014502,38.014596,38.014656,38.014714,38.014846,38.015402,38.016385,38.016957,38.017492,38.018176,38.018589,38.018897,38.019319,38.019814,38.020062,38.020305,38.020749,38.021082,38.021632,38.022415,38.023141,38.02331,38.024124,38.024998,38.026091,38.027479,38.027497,38.028039,38.028347,38.028624,38.029048,38.029063,38.029067,38.029073,38.029086,38.028866,38.028858,38.028849,38.028666,38.028319,38.028204,38.028082,38.02796,38.02797,38.027975,38.027984,38.027987,38.027989,38.027991,38.02808,38.028087,38.028092,38.0281,38.028386,38.028631,38.028653,38.028607,38.028494,38.028318,38.028168,38.028022,38.027982,38.027943,38.027827,38.027825,38.0278,38.027851,38.027955,38.02801,38.028049,38.02811,38.02817,38.028184,38.028198,38.028212,38.028419,38.028475,38.028483,38.028578,38.028731,38.028783,38.028574,38.028473,38.028472,38.028471,38.028799,38.028899,38.028983,38.029023,38.029197,38.029374,38.029387,38.029432,38.029704,38.029803,38.030034,38.030203,38.030305,38.030329,38.03035,38.030426,38.030559,38.030579,38.030674,38.030734,38.03099,38.031175,38.03122,38.031411,38.031586,38.031676,38.031687,38.031721,38.031745,38.031945,38.032122,38.032269,38.032386,38.032412,38.032446,38.03263,38.032674,38.032689,38.033232,38.033504,38.033695,38.034103,38.034572,38.035201,38.03579,38.036239,38.036259,38.036284,38.036335,38.036382,38.036452,38.036661,38.03702,38.037235,38.037385,38.037558,38.037788,38.03818,38.038727,38.03941,38.039973,38.040287,38.040696,38.04109,38.041514,38.041773,38.042081,38.042794,38.043179,38.043372,38.043661,38.043999,38.04423,38.044359,38.044833,38.045371,38.045822,38.046289,38.046618,38.046987,38.047295,38.04737,38.040098,38.039449,38.039288,38.038664,38.038655,38.038633,38.038581,38.038191,38.037918,38.037361,38.037143,38.037074,38.037037,38.036512,38.035298,38.035204,38.03425,38.033916,38.033182,38.033028,38.03282,38.032211,38.032098,38.031478,38.030809,38.03067,38.029655,38.02851,38.025438,38.024774,38.022747,38.021576,38.021003,38.020696,38.020103,38.019913,38.019674,38.018953,38.018321,38.018151,38.017286,38.016159,38.015754,38.014625,38.014457,38.01425,38.014078,38.014023,38.013908,38.013367,38.011257,38.009675,38.008825,38.00695,38.004075,38.002484,38.002094,37.997237,37.994937,37.994013,37.992186,37.991942,37.99174,37.990712,37.990395,37.989897,37.989444,37.986532,37.985262,37.984247,37.982628,37.980553,37.97943,37.978167,37.976768,37.971579,37.971253,37.968073,37.962021,37.959933,37.958944,37.957812,37.95686,37.956425,37.956149,37.951337,37.951146,37.950932,37.950214,37.947929,37.947593,37.944812,37.944293,37.942722,37.941428,37.931869,37.92855,37.927129,37.923034,37.922906,37.91886,37.916686,37.914346,37.914165,37.913941,37.913307,37.912959,37.912477,37.912165,37.911083,37.90904,37.90853,37.906977,37.905806,37.902557,37.898513,37.898316,37.897098,37.895241,37.895124,37.893295,37.883404,37.882798,37.881535,37.881366,37.879628,37.87927,37.877422,37.875491,37.869139,37.868869,37.866116,37.866051,37.865973,37.865879,37.865829,37.865402,37.865174,37.86487,37.864704,37.864427,37.864271,37.863942,37.86348,37.863088,37.862893,37.862638,37.862445,37.862262,37.862025,37.861795,37.861604,37.861357,37.861151,37.860902,37.860647,37.860385,37.85968,37.859398,37.859351,37.859027,37.858686,37.858648,37.85843,37.858045,37.85768,37.85764,37.857387,37.857145,37.856817,37.856591,37.856299,37.856064,37.855911,37.855635,37.855474,37.855285,37.855262,37.85508,37.854743,37.854531,37.85438,37.854207,37.854021,37.853824,37.853564,37.853376,37.853132,37.852929,37.852719,37.852374,37.851715,37.851259,37.851127,37.850873,37.850672,37.85038,37.85013,37.849843,37.849458,37.849306,37.849062,37.848829,37.848747,37.848301,37.848201,37.847967,37.847819,37.847656,37.847596,37.847506,37.847402,37.847224,37.84701,37.846012,37.845658,37.845472,37.845142,37.844941,37.844616,37.844441,37.844316,37.844091,37.843912,37.843855,37.843824,37.843789,37.843786,37.843601,37.843402,37.84325,37.843144,37.843042,37.842963,37.842954,37.842825,37.842791,37.842664,37.84249,37.842474,37.842472,37.842484,37.84251,37.842546,37.842556,37.842606,37.84268,37.842748,37.842845,37.843,37.843111,37.84323,37.843357,37.843449,37.843542,37.843607,37.843657,37.843693,37.843712,37.843731,37.843732,37.84372,37.843723,37.843732,37.84374,37.843774,37.843828,37.843875,37.843962,37.844048,37.844147,37.844259,37.844379,37.844506,37.84463,37.844834,37.845434,37.845583,37.84572,37.845844,37.845973,37.846061,37.846109,37.846179,37.846225,37.846279,37.846308,37.846321,37.846324,37.846519,37.846747,37.846826,37.846853,37.846956,37.847056,37.847158,37.847268,37.847469,37.847572,37.847737,37.847909,37.848167,37.848339,37.848484,37.848562,37.848642,37.848781,37.848931,37.84911,37.849364,37.84946,37.849552,37.849732,37.849899,37.850079,37.850274,37.850471,37.850668,37.850949,37.85111,37.85131,37.851544,37.851643,37.85182,37.852173,37.852527,37.852634,37.852762,37.853051,37.85323,37.853356,37.853636,37.853989,37.854209,37.854396,37.854582,37.85491,37.854991,37.85507,37.855117,37.855167,37.855199,37.855261,37.85532,37.855386,37.85544,37.855455,37.85548,37.855532,37.855594,37.855667,37.855766,37.855901,37.856018,37.856136,37.856255,37.856373,37.856615,37.856793,37.856943,37.857087,37.857229,37.85734,37.857519,37.857626,37.857879,37.858012,37.858142,37.858249,37.858363,37.858505,37.858647,37.858791,37.858936,37.859375,37.859702,37.860033,37.860221,37.860386,37.860565,37.860477,37.860331,37.860303,37.860289,37.860289,37.86027,37.860272,37.860287,37.860315,37.860358,37.860461,37.860719,37.860822,37.860941,37.860984,37.861043,37.861088,37.861155,37.8612,37.861219,37.861218,37.861208,37.861183,37.861109,37.861024,37.860926,37.860869,37.860771,37.860663,37.860503,37.860378,37.860229,37.860118,37.85996,37.859841,37.859798,37.859736,37.859696,37.859637,37.859607,37.859557,37.859537,37.859517,37.859729,37.859955,37.860117,37.86031,37.860462,37.860698,37.86087,37.861003,37.861193,37.861341,37.861584,37.861789,37.862037,37.862535,37.863331,37.863456,37.863941,37.86398,37.86417,37.864472,37.864823,37.865204,37.865415,37.865617,37.865827,37.86607,37.866293,37.866516,37.866787,37.867071,37.867386,37.868032,37.868434,37.868653,37.869801,37.87003,37.869963,37.869951,37.869949,37.869957,37.870279,37.870302,37.870327,37.870435,37.870447,37.870444,37.870435,37.870422,37.870405,37.870366,37.870303,37.870235,37.870122,37.870001,37.869899,37.869767,37.86972,37.869601,37.869502,37.869318,37.869228,37.869138,37.86905,37.868966,37.868905,37.868851,37.868808,37.868774,37.868752,37.868744,37.868746,37.868766,37.868772,37.868761,37.868736,37.868659,37.868584,37.868528,37.868321,37.868244,37.868144,37.868091,37.868016,37.867949,37.867916,37.867864,37.867813,37.867754,37.867687,37.867541,37.86743,37.867313,37.867226,37.86711,37.867038,37.866914,37.866814,37.866626,37.866569,37.866392,37.866254,37.866144,37.865927,37.865771,37.8656,37.865527,37.865458,37.865408,37.865355,37.865318,37.865134,37.864836,37.864673,37.864551,37.864458,37.864374,37.864333,37.864301,37.864286,37.86428,37.864293,37.864314,37.864329,37.864409,37.864453,37.864502,37.864548,37.8646,37.864672,37.864733,37.864925,37.865033,37.86513,37.865196,37.865253,37.865299,37.865332,37.865351,37.865351,37.865337,37.865247,37.865217,37.865199,37.865199,37.865216,37.86525,37.865296,37.865353,37.865502,37.865816,37.866047,37.866343,37.866602,37.866629,37.866691,37.866742,37.866781,37.866811,37.866819,37.866814,37.86679,37.866755,37.866696,37.86661,37.866513,37.866369,37.866156,37.866094,37.866029,37.865977,37.865952,37.865942,37.865946,37.86605,37.866061,37.866106,37.866148,37.86619,37.866226,37.866234,37.866233,37.866227,37.866235,37.866251,37.866292,37.866707,37.866748,37.866779,37.866837,37.866909,37.866992,37.867089,37.867203,37.867326,37.867431,37.867799,37.868042,37.868199,37.868321,37.868464,37.868577,37.868627,37.868703,37.868769,37.868808,37.868843,37.868863,37.868869,37.868864,37.868849,37.868802,37.868755,37.868701,37.868624,37.868403,37.868282,37.868193,37.868115,37.86805,37.867988,37.867924,37.867874,37.867829,37.867804,37.867794,37.867804,37.867828,37.867876,37.86793,37.868032,37.868099,37.868205,37.868295,37.868367,37.868464,37.868538,37.868865,37.869182,37.869629,37.869821,37.869922,37.870098,37.87025,37.870379,37.870436,37.870452,37.870476,37.870493,37.870504,37.870515,37.870497,37.870496,37.870492,37.87048,37.870507,37.870514,37.870541,37.870578,37.870627,37.870684,37.870776,37.870876,37.871221,37.871305,37.871407,37.871479,37.871535,37.87164,37.872057,37.87276,37.873186,37.87331,37.873441,37.873898,37.873933,37.874026,37.874236,37.874302,37.874392,37.874622,37.874671,37.874697,37.874982,37.875556,37.875916,37.876022,37.876458,37.876688,37.876784,37.876837,37.876949,37.877088,37.877243,37.877772,37.878008,37.878122,37.87823,37.878333,37.879084,37.879117,37.879188,37.879283,37.879364,37.879469,37.879717,37.879976,37.880123,37.880405,37.880496,37.880677,37.880958,37.881003,37.881082,37.881268,37.881608,37.881959,37.882176,37.882292,37.882431,37.882764,37.882867,37.883149,37.883583,37.883922,37.884406,37.884462,37.884636,37.884718,37.885054,37.885222,37.885336,37.885476,37.885533,37.88567,37.885916,37.885936,37.88612,37.88616,37.886233,37.886326,37.886423,37.886521,37.886624,37.886724,37.886819,37.886942,37.887539,37.888571,37.890126,37.890251,37.890609,37.890914,37.891546,37.891969,37.892116,37.892422,37.892734,37.892861,37.89359,37.89392,37.894149,37.894333,37.894722,37.895235,37.895397,37.895441,37.895908,37.896403,37.896745,37.896897,37.897198,37.897312,37.898071,37.89866,37.898888,37.89927,37.899482,37.899551,37.899802,37.899846,37.900264,37.900589,37.901117,37.901331,37.901518,37.901531,37.901642,37.902119,37.902371,37.902541,37.902606,37.902707,37.90278,37.903214,37.903262,37.903692,37.903763,37.904255,37.905439,37.906403,37.906903,37.907593,37.907994,37.90898,37.909031,37.909485,37.910411,37.911057,37.912085,37.91216,37.91262,37.913327,37.913751,37.914234,37.914416,37.914735,37.915592,37.915879,37.916175,37.916477,37.9166,37.916905,37.917587,37.917794,37.918215,37.918515,37.918728,37.91882,37.919092,37.91913,37.919255,37.919595,37.92033,37.921186,37.921928,37.92239,37.922575,37.923807,37.924499,37.925223,37.925618,37.925849,37.926038,37.92672,37.927218,37.928001,37.928058,37.928674,37.929002,37.929292,37.930531,37.93111,37.93145,37.93164,37.931743,37.931922,37.932151,37.932376,37.932552,37.932605,37.9329,37.933181,37.933291,37.933337,37.933542,37.933732,37.933929,37.934134,37.934303,37.934446,37.9347,37.934958,37.935386,37.936074,37.936343,37.936615,37.937033,37.937279,37.937519,37.937978,37.938231,37.938422,37.938657,37.938969,37.939311,37.939479,37.939642,37.939676,37.940207,37.940287,37.940546,37.940728,37.941065,37.941342,37.941498,37.94171,37.941913,37.942035,37.942307,37.942718,37.94291,37.943032,37.943249,37.943288,37.943392,37.943508,37.943633,37.94374,37.944064,37.944224,37.944392,37.9446,37.944779,37.945002,37.945193,37.945423,37.945615,37.945806,37.945991,37.946456,37.946788,37.947327,37.947536,37.947789,37.948001,37.948213,37.948383,37.948563,37.949488,37.949784,37.94987,37.950055,37.950274,37.950387,37.950486,37.950623,37.95079,37.950996,37.951298,37.952033,37.952077,37.952339,37.952571,37.95275,37.952979,37.953191,37.953339,37.953533,37.953741,37.953961,37.954136,37.954629,37.954787,37.955028,37.95522,37.955461,37.955569,37.955878,37.956556,37.957198,37.957471,37.95774,37.957834,37.958357,37.958662,37.959313,37.960555,37.960847,37.961154,37.961417,37.961622,37.961851,37.962084,37.962318,37.962604,37.962843,37.963083,37.963321,37.96399,37.964375,37.964541,37.96474,37.965756,37.966434,37.966708,37.966997,37.967244,37.967551,37.968113,37.968587,37.968812,37.96899,37.969165,37.969434,37.969764,37.971886,37.972842,37.973031,37.973459,37.97382,37.974305,37.975046,37.975538,37.976242,37.976641,37.977025,37.977417,37.977812,37.978199,37.978548,37.978687,37.979136,37.979535,37.979854,37.981684,37.981696,37.981722,37.98176,37.981845,37.981907,37.981987,37.98206,37.982344,37.982395,37.982458,37.982556,37.98264,37.982734,37.982799,37.982922,37.982994,37.983011,37.983034,37.983057,37.982865,37.982695,37.98261,37.982519,37.982493,37.982414,37.982358,37.9823,37.982205,37.982094,37.982054,37.982029,37.982015,37.981978,37.981961,37.981926,37.981877,37.981823,37.981688,37.981623,37.981534,37.981415,37.981344,37.981159,37.981109,37.981004,37.980922,37.980608,37.980343,37.980048,37.979948,37.979662,37.979538,37.979423,37.979226,37.979081,37.979007,37.978877,37.978737,37.978581,37.978468,37.977826,37.977547,37.977342,37.977229,37.977174,37.977015,37.976926,37.976812,37.976768,37.976739,37.976723,37.976722,37.97674,37.976779,37.976821,37.977036,37.977078,37.977114,37.977135,37.977141,37.977133,37.977103,37.977043,37.976983,37.976939,37.976934,37.976943,37.976967,37.977004,37.977126,37.977319,37.97737,37.977392,37.977405,37.977402,37.977391,37.977366,37.977323,37.977231,37.977098,37.976979,37.97687,37.976828,37.9768,37.976752,37.976708,37.976623,37.976432,37.976271,37.976247,37.976196,37.97616,37.976137,37.97613,37.97617,37.976182,37.976199,37.976202,37.976187,37.976155,37.976107,37.976059,37.976014,37.975811,37.975671,37.975517,37.975389,37.975308,37.975213,37.975083,37.974943,37.974905,37.97488,37.974872,37.97487,37.974886,37.974906,37.974966,37.974875,37.974886,37.974935,37.974952,37.974896,37.974753,37.974682,37.974627,37.974528,37.974457,37.974379,37.974319,37.97394,37.973866,37.973731,37.973627,37.973319,37.973138,37.972846,37.972731,37.972643,37.972209,37.97183,37.971107,37.971072,37.970934,37.97072,37.970621,37.970572,37.970544,37.970491,37.970184,37.969811,37.969756,37.969696,37.969619,37.969498,37.969378,37.969196,37.968993,37.968872,37.968735,37.968647,37.968515,37.968351,37.968186,37.968048,37.967845,37.967675,37.967543,37.9674,37.967241,37.967044,37.966791,37.966714,37.96656,37.966423,37.966236,37.966126,37.965956,37.965808,37.965402,37.965198,37.964161,37.963886,37.963721,37.963579,37.96337,37.963189,37.962986,37.96281,37.962662,37.962442,37.962349,37.962245,37.962141,37.962036,37.961965,37.961817,37.961635,37.961509,37.961399,37.961339,37.961284,37.961048,37.960927,37.960807,37.960609,37.960439,37.960291,37.960208,37.960126,37.960055,37.959923,37.959797,37.95966,37.959006,37.958863,37.9586,37.958539,37.958419,37.958271,37.958056,37.957919,37.957804,37.957721,37.957683,37.957694,37.957656,37.957579,37.957409,37.957343,37.9572,37.957173,37.957167,37.957129,37.957041,37.956981,37.956811,37.956608,37.956493,37.956476,37.956487,37.956443,37.95635,37.956301,37.956246,37.956197,37.956142,37.956071,37.956038,37.95595,37.955654,37.955577,37.955539,37.95555,37.955583,37.955566,37.955352,37.955204,37.955188,37.95515,37.954974,37.954947,37.95325,37.953698,37.954272,37.954636,37.955064,37.955629,37.955847,37.956452,37.956625,37.956839,37.957225,37.95734,37.957538,37.957748,37.957806,37.957879,37.958047,37.958143,37.958233,37.958338,37.958532,37.958625,37.958687,37.958938,37.959055,37.95919,37.959472,37.959643,37.95974,37.959813,37.960048,37.960427,37.960547,37.960807,37.961315,37.961525,37.961607,37.961647,37.96177,37.961981,37.962175,37.962393,37.962579,37.962934,37.963264,37.96378,37.963858,37.963954,37.964183,37.964272,37.964361,37.964443,37.964538,37.964786,37.965038,37.965391,37.965687,37.965834,37.965965,37.966384,37.966661,37.967083,37.967864,37.967917,37.968078,37.968231,37.968426,37.968629,37.968766,37.968914,37.968975,37.969095,37.969251,37.96938,37.969442,37.969526,37.969639,37.969725,37.969838,37.970029,37.970158,37.970345,37.970443,37.970548,37.970742,37.970872,37.971018,37.971276,37.971446,37.971636,37.97185,37.972068,37.972213,37.972553,37.972942,37.973238,37.973517,37.973825,37.974278,37.97473,37.974964,37.975423,37.97581,37.976092,37.976338,37.976681,37.976804,37.976995,37.977148,37.977138,37.977114,37.977049,37.976811,37.976724,37.97653,37.976304,37.976124,37.975975,37.975782,37.975686,37.975681,37.975677,37.975613,37.975602,37.975583,37.975325,37.975152,37.97505,37.975036,37.974946,37.97488,37.974823,37.974788,37.974788,37.974804,37.974838,37.974891,37.974935,37.974989,37.975148,37.975445,37.975654,37.975871,37.97595,37.976038,37.976045,37.976024,37.976027,37.976038,37.976066,37.976211,37.976396,37.976557,37.976678,37.976783,37.976982]}]],[[{"lng":[-78.954613,-78.954376,-78.954173,-78.953739,-78.953264,-78.953188,-78.951494,-78.951258,-78.951135,-78.950947,-78.95051,-78.950231,-78.949677,-78.948952,-78.948832,-78.948789,-78.948734,-78.948641,-78.948069,-78.946748,-78.946281,-78.944947,-78.944481,-78.944158,-78.943554,-78.940952,-78.939604,-78.939255,-78.937621,-78.936692,-78.934008,-78.934067,-78.934178,-78.934481,-78.934599,-78.934717,-78.93491,-78.934958,-78.934965,-78.934896,-78.934882,-78.934917,-78.934896,-78.93473,-78.934613,-78.934558,-78.934551,-78.934572,-78.934551,-78.934502,-78.934426,-78.934205,-78.934157,-78.93406,-78.933984,-78.933646,-78.933535,-78.933459,-78.933265,-78.933176,-78.932941,-78.932775,-78.932298,-78.932132,-78.931828,-78.931648,-78.930805,-78.930605,-78.930529,-78.930487,-78.930453,-78.930473,-78.930612,-78.930625,-78.930619,-78.930591,-78.930529,-78.930397,-78.930225,-78.929312,-78.929153,-78.929084,-78.929043,-78.928953,-78.928925,-78.928877,-78.928787,-78.928725,-78.928642,-78.928393,-78.928227,-78.927675,-78.927426,-78.927357,-78.927281,-78.927212,-78.927094,-78.926741,-78.926707,-78.926679,-78.926672,-78.926769,-78.927059,-78.92713,-78.927197,-78.927197,-78.927301,-78.927141,-78.927107,-78.927072,-78.926913,-78.926713,-78.926257,-78.926056,-78.925807,-78.92578,-78.92569,-78.925627,-78.925546,-78.92551,-78.925454,-78.925399,-78.925178,-78.92504,-78.924742,-78.9245,-78.924203,-78.923961,-78.923595,-78.923408,-78.922952,-78.922772,-78.922703,-78.922516,-78.922254,-78.92215,-78.921894,-78.92177,-78.921625,-78.921203,-78.921141,-78.921078,-78.920933,-78.920712,-78.920159,-78.920083,-78.919972,-78.919834,-78.919772,-78.919557,-78.919454,-78.919357,-78.91935,-78.919412,-78.919412,-78.919363,-78.919301,-78.919218,-78.919059,-78.918582,-78.918298,-78.918218,-78.918188,-78.918111,-78.918125,-78.918139,-78.918097,-78.918021,-78.917924,-78.917696,-78.917203,-78.91715,-78.91688,-78.916728,-78.916569,-78.916638,-78.916672,-78.916762,-78.916769,-78.91672,-78.916658,-78.916485,-78.916437,-78.916284,-78.91625,-78.916201,-78.916194,-78.91609,-78.916097,-78.916056,-78.915959,-78.915835,-78.915786,-78.915668,-78.915627,-78.915378,-78.915295,-78.915267,-78.915247,-78.915108,-78.915039,-78.914942,-78.914845,-78.914803,-78.914803,-78.914831,-78.914886,-78.914948,-78.91508,-78.915211,-78.915324,-78.915274,-78.914912,-78.91455,-78.914179,-78.913675,-78.912967,-78.910226,-78.90939,-78.908844,-78.908804,-78.90875,-78.908664,-78.908579,-78.908484,-78.908409,-78.908155,-78.907828,-78.907698,-78.907055,-78.906717,-78.906316,-78.905996,-78.905625,-78.905277,-78.904931,-78.90446,-78.904161,-78.903941,-78.903624,-78.903451,-78.901954,-78.90126,-78.901094,-78.900824,-78.900569,-78.9004,-78.900223,-78.900044,-78.899865,-78.899616,-78.899476,-78.899338,-78.899171,-78.899011,-78.89886,-78.898628,-78.896828,-78.896632,-78.896426,-78.896221,-78.896046,-78.895866,-78.895719,-78.895502,-78.895326,-78.89522,-78.895082,-78.894946,-78.894722,-78.894578,-78.893863,-78.893277,-78.892982,-78.892837,-78.892261,-78.891808,-78.890388,-78.88986,-78.889603,-78.889384,-78.888806,-78.888458,-78.888283,-78.887826,-78.887075,-78.885375,-78.884444,-78.883881,-78.882919,-78.881219,-78.877766,-78.877285,-78.877111,-78.876932,-78.876698,-78.876629,-78.876617,-78.876587,-78.876539,-78.876138,-78.875845,-78.875767,-78.875611,-78.875439,-78.875382,-78.875166,-78.874991,-78.87435,-78.874105,-78.873636,-78.873277,-78.87298,-78.872834,-78.872643,-78.872081,-78.871413,-78.871076,-78.870938,-78.870826,-78.870706,-78.870675,-78.870554,-78.870499,-78.870445,-78.870002,-78.869252,-78.868967,-78.868608,-78.868282,-78.867744,-78.866841,-78.866746,-78.866519,-78.866107,-78.865734,-78.865602,-78.865487,-78.865109,-78.864494,-78.864068,-78.86375,-78.862782,-78.862543,-78.861951,-78.861271,-78.860935,-78.860644,-78.860598,-78.86056,-78.860529,-78.860511,-78.860518,-78.860549,-78.860594,-78.860654,-78.861008,-78.861377,-78.861946,-78.862036,-78.862251,-78.862414,-78.862542,-78.862635,-78.862736,-78.862767,-78.862801,-78.862844,-78.862895,-78.862948,-78.863087,-78.863196,-78.863259,-78.863343,-78.863407,-78.863465,-78.863525,-78.863641,-78.86366,-78.863687,-78.863693,-78.8637,-78.863696,-78.863668,-78.863615,-78.863266,-78.863217,-78.863196,-78.863191,-78.863171,-78.863123,-78.863089,-78.863034,-78.86295,-78.862923,-78.862893,-78.862882,-78.86289,-78.86291,-78.862942,-78.862997,-78.863054,-78.863226,-78.863437,-78.863502,-78.863552,-78.863585,-78.863589,-78.863585,-78.863562,-78.86352,-78.863452,-78.863345,-78.86318,-78.863094,-78.862999,-78.862925,-78.862876,-78.862827,-78.862775,-78.862704,-78.862535,-78.862255,-78.862166,-78.862093,-78.861968,-78.861209,-78.860642,-78.860448,-78.860172,-78.859916,-78.859764,-78.85957,-78.859183,-78.859139,-78.858913,-78.858597,-78.858349,-78.858138,-78.857641,-78.857522,-78.857449,-78.857401,-78.857363,-78.857359,-78.857367,-78.857446,-78.857455,-78.857491,-78.857657,-78.857851,-78.858106,-78.858335,-78.858494,-78.858666,-78.858915,-78.859544,-78.859751,-78.859814,-78.85991,-78.860021,-78.860111,-78.860712,-78.860816,-78.861307,-78.861612,-78.861681,-78.861729,-78.861764,-78.86175,-78.861688,-78.861646,-78.861598,-78.861481,-78.86137,-78.861273,-78.861024,-78.860686,-78.860548,-78.860437,-78.860271,-78.860126,-78.85996,-78.859774,-78.859608,-78.859511,-78.859428,-78.859262,-78.859173,-78.859166,-78.85918,-78.859207,-78.859235,-78.859422,-78.859491,-78.859547,-78.859595,-78.859692,-78.859927,-78.860003,-78.860086,-78.86028,-78.860342,-78.860404,-78.860398,-78.860363,-78.860273,-78.859679,-78.858787,-78.858601,-78.858428,-78.858338,-78.858048,-78.85793,-78.857626,-78.857536,-78.857336,-78.857184,-78.856956,-78.856209,-78.85596,-78.855739,-78.85567,-78.855587,-78.855436,-78.855291,-78.855235,-78.854994,-78.854945,-78.854814,-78.854773,-78.854635,-78.854559,-78.854455,-78.854324,-78.85422,-78.854095,-78.854026,-78.853943,-78.853701,-78.853625,-78.853501,-78.853169,-78.8529,-78.852084,-78.851697,-78.851614,-78.851441,-78.851027,-78.850937,-78.850902,-78.850792,-78.850806,-78.850792,-78.850751,-78.850682,-78.85044,-78.850371,-78.85035,-78.850364,-78.850399,-78.850454,-78.850537,-78.850655,-78.851062,-78.851187,-78.851443,-78.851532,-78.851615,-78.851816,-78.85212,-78.85239,-78.852439,-78.852473,-78.852473,-78.852425,-78.852321,-78.852218,-78.852107,-78.851872,-78.851713,-78.851264,-78.851188,-78.851119,-78.850995,-78.850836,-78.850705,-78.850553,-78.850394,-78.850283,-78.849889,-78.849751,-78.84964,-78.84955,-78.849447,-78.849364,-78.849322,-78.849253,-78.849233,-78.849322,-78.849426,-78.849565,-78.849772,-78.849959,-78.850284,-78.850692,-78.8511,-78.851072,-78.851065,-78.850893,-78.850837,-78.850699,-78.850603,-78.850575,-78.850499,-78.850209,-78.85014,-78.850078,-78.849967,-78.849836,-78.849801,-78.849787,-78.849795,-78.849739,-78.849712,-78.849601,-78.849525,-78.849456,-78.84938,-78.849221,-78.848944,-78.848758,-78.847762,-78.84761,-78.847009,-78.846649,-78.846504,-78.846373,-78.846297,-78.846151,-78.845875,-78.845792,-78.845619,-78.845212,-78.845094,-78.844963,-78.844369,-78.84412,-78.843885,-78.84374,-78.843636,-78.843519,-78.843477,-78.843415,-78.843028,-78.842904,-78.842807,-78.84271,-78.842676,-78.842628,-78.842593,-78.842413,-78.842351,-78.84222,-78.842137,-78.841985,-78.841722,-78.841653,-78.84154,-78.84148,-78.841446,-78.84139,-78.841259,-78.841183,-78.840243,-78.840132,-78.839545,-78.839365,-78.839289,-78.83924,-78.839178,-78.839102,-78.839047,-78.838991,-78.838943,-78.838839,-78.838763,-78.838646,-78.83857,-78.838383,-78.838307,-78.838079,-78.83801,-78.837982,-78.837934,-78.837872,-78.837816,-78.837775,-78.837657,-78.837616,-78.837581,-78.837526,-78.837506,-78.83745,-78.837347,-78.837243,-78.837015,-78.836932,-78.836821,-78.836738,-78.836441,-78.836379,-78.836317,-78.83622,-78.835936,-78.835874,-78.835812,-78.835639,-78.83548,-78.83539,-78.835328,-78.835107,-78.835038,-78.834665,-78.834602,-78.834519,-78.834464,-78.834423,-78.834388,-78.83434,-78.834222,-78.834126,-78.833884,-78.833448,-78.83331,-78.833013,-78.832874,-78.832764,-78.832681,-78.83257,-78.832128,-78.831907,-78.831516,-78.831499,-78.831243,-78.830718,-78.830664,-78.830863,-78.831042,-78.831062,-78.831066,-78.831052,-78.831021,-78.830962,-78.830527,-78.830328,-78.830019,-78.829727,-78.829534,-78.829201,-78.828934,-78.828272,-78.827956,-78.827708,-78.827611,-78.827541,-78.827471,-78.827348,-78.827139,-78.826938,-78.82691,-78.826829,-78.826695,-78.82666,-78.826603,-78.826439,-78.826189,-78.825984,-78.825839,-78.825553,-78.825146,-78.825069,-78.824632,-78.82449,-78.824377,-78.824282,-78.824198,-78.824169,-78.824159,-78.824167,-78.824304,-78.824327,-78.82439,-78.824481,-78.824517,-78.824563,-78.824617,-78.824698,-78.824773,-78.824856,-78.824967,-78.825086,-78.82537,-78.825495,-78.825614,-78.825677,-78.825743,-78.825784,-78.825811,-78.825813,-78.825743,-78.825741,-78.825763,-78.825775,-78.825817,-78.825874,-78.825945,-78.826026,-78.826277,-78.82634,-78.826447,-78.826542,-78.826665,-78.826742,-78.826792,-78.826973,-78.827044,-78.827073,-78.827094,-78.827099,-78.827086,-78.827073,-78.827054,-78.827014,-78.826949,-78.826566,-78.826441,-78.826276,-78.826103,-78.825978,-78.825818,-78.825657,-78.825406,-78.825145,-78.82478,-78.824461,-78.823388,-78.823095,-78.822488,-78.822096,-78.822037,-78.821963,-78.821654,-78.820814,-78.819551,-78.819434,-78.81924,-78.818187,-78.816899,-78.816672,-78.81651,-78.816436,-78.816359,-78.816282,-78.816207,-78.815033,-78.814443,-78.814154,-78.813929,-78.813764,-78.813492,-78.813343,-78.812985,-78.812846,-78.812062,-78.811812,-78.811537,-78.811067,-78.810564,-78.81045,-78.810247,-78.810058,-78.809992,-78.809752,-78.809528,-78.809437,-78.809374,-78.809271,-78.809147,-78.809088,-78.808861,-78.808599,-78.808445,-78.808398,-78.808352,-78.806826,-78.806657,-78.80652,-78.806441,-78.806317,-78.806089,-78.805989,-78.80586,-78.805755,-78.805702,-78.805588,-78.805508,-78.805422,-78.805355,-78.805263,-78.805164,-78.805053,-78.804953,-78.804845,-78.804732,-78.804405,-78.804142,-78.804038,-78.803913,-78.803764,-78.803624,-78.803451,-78.803319,-78.80308,-78.802905,-78.802652,-78.80248,-78.802342,-78.802171,-78.801954,-78.801584,-78.800925,-78.800889,-78.800874,-78.800862,-78.800869,-78.800961,-78.801496,-78.801816,-78.80203,-78.802254,-78.802675,-78.802737,-78.802804,-78.802902,-78.802983,-78.803047,-78.803089,-78.803108,-78.803114,-78.803106,-78.803101,-78.803069,-78.803001,-78.802915,-78.80285,-78.802728,-78.802638,-78.802564,-78.802519,-78.80249,-78.802473,-78.802458,-78.802406,-78.802403,-78.802394,-78.802386,-78.802395,-78.802423,-78.802459,-78.802508,-78.802596,-78.802646,-78.802702,-78.802796,-78.802825,-78.802913,-78.802938,-78.803149,-78.803415,-78.803651,-78.803791,-78.80395,-78.804457,-78.804533,-78.804715,-78.804896,-78.804988,-78.805022,-78.805072,-78.805164,-78.805227,-78.80528,-78.805304,-78.805342,-78.805361,-78.805376,-78.805391,-78.805387,-78.805381,-78.805376,-78.805278,-78.805137,-78.805002,-78.804892,-78.804783,-78.80471,-78.804654,-78.804615,-78.8046,-78.804592,-78.804592,-78.804591,-78.804635,-78.804657,-78.804752,-78.804775,-78.804775,-78.804762,-78.804666,-78.804601,-78.804545,-78.804512,-78.804405,-78.804396,-78.804327,-78.804274,-78.803952,-78.803951,-78.803974,-78.804008,-78.803974,-78.803912,-78.803847,-78.803393,-78.803318,-78.80323,-78.803143,-78.803036,-78.801957,-78.801763,-78.801447,-78.801157,-78.801025,-78.800585,-78.800377,-78.800277,-78.800164,-78.799549,-78.799381,-78.799226,-78.799112,-78.798799,-78.798426,-78.798204,-78.797771,-78.797639,-78.797516,-78.797382,-78.797239,-78.797072,-78.796503,-78.796362,-78.796225,-78.796028,-78.795929,-78.79588,-78.795788,-78.795515,-78.795263,-78.795061,-78.794822,-78.794737,-78.794667,-78.794614,-78.794578,-78.794558,-78.794561,-78.794582,-78.79462,-78.794956,-78.794991,-78.794996,-78.794987,-78.794979,-78.794939,-78.794894,-78.794828,-78.794063,-78.793893,-78.79371,-78.793553,-78.793026,-78.792881,-78.792709,-78.79261,-78.792496,-78.792378,-78.792256,-78.792128,-78.79198,-78.791865,-78.791762,-78.791604,-78.79142,-78.791367,-78.791292,-78.791234,-78.791195,-78.791117,-78.791073,-78.791013,-78.790942,-78.790771,-78.790562,-78.790345,-78.790152,-78.789968,-78.789822,-78.789731,-78.78967,-78.789449,-78.789213,-78.789074,-78.788783,-78.788515,-78.788408,-78.788273,-78.788158,-78.787826,-78.78763,-78.787473,-78.787279,-78.787192,-78.787041,-78.786917,-78.786658,-78.786498,-78.786298,-78.786101,-78.78591,-78.785725,-78.785643,-78.785516,-78.785455,-78.785428,-78.785391,-78.78534,-78.785307,-78.785291,-78.785307,-78.785301,-78.785272,-78.785226,-78.785182,-78.785162,-78.78508,-78.784515,-78.784478,-78.784373,-78.784251,-78.783956,-78.78382,-78.783724,-78.783603,-78.783513,-78.78343,-78.783287,-78.783182,-78.783097,-78.782848,-78.782715,-78.782519,-78.782272,-78.780748,-78.780259,-78.780124,-78.780016,-78.77995,-78.779783,-78.779712,-78.779479,-78.779067,-78.776977,-78.776548,-78.77625,-78.775666,-78.775582,-78.775363,-78.775131,-78.774902,-78.77471,-78.774638,-78.774563,-78.774526,-78.774442,-78.774348,-78.774306,-78.774247,-78.774179,-78.774108,-78.774023,-78.77398,-78.773851,-78.773739,-78.773671,-78.773511,-78.77341,-78.773352,-78.773307,-78.773281,-78.773273,-78.773283,-78.773313,-78.773362,-78.773423,-78.773503,-78.773578,-78.773788,-78.773895,-78.773957,-78.774012,-78.774038,-78.774048,-78.774039,-78.773997,-78.773937,-78.773842,-78.773764,-78.77367,-78.773575,-78.773375,-78.773196,-78.773084,-78.771608,-78.77144,-78.771282,-78.771164,-78.771047,-78.770944,-78.770872,-78.770797,-78.770764,-78.77074,-78.770724,-78.77071,-78.7707,-78.770693,-78.770688,-78.770685,-78.770687,-78.770713,-78.770767,-78.77086,-78.770927,-78.771163,-78.771316,-78.771428,-78.771524,-78.771588,-78.771597,-78.77163,-78.771642,-78.771636,-78.771612,-78.771532,-78.771399,-78.771334,-78.771268,-78.771143,-78.770961,-78.77092,-78.770895,-78.77091,-78.770945,-78.77107,-78.771128,-78.771156,-78.771158,-78.771142,-78.771102,-78.771034,-78.770921,-78.770891,-78.770764,-78.770578,-78.770323,-78.770103,-78.770023,-78.76983,-78.769714,-78.769044,-78.768444,-78.768302,-78.767956,-78.767631,-78.767384,-78.767055,-78.766112,-78.76597,-78.7659,-78.765565,-78.765491,-78.765384,-78.765296,-78.765195,-78.765008,-78.764912,-78.76481,-78.764043,-78.763939,-78.76384,-78.763749,-78.763653,-78.763583,-78.763508,-78.76342,-78.763285,-78.763143,-78.763052,-78.762667,-78.762563,-78.762422,-78.762299,-78.762134,-78.761955,-78.761836,-78.761672,-78.761448,-78.761325,-78.761139,-78.760921,-78.760543,-78.760097,-78.759509,-78.759227,-78.758666,-78.758412,-78.758262,-78.758052,-78.757982,-78.757926,-78.757776,-78.757465,-78.75739,-78.757213,-78.757005,-78.756862,-78.756717,-78.75662,-78.756555,-78.756466,-78.756395,-78.756297,-78.756205,-78.756074,-78.75595,-78.755788,-78.75575,-78.755683,-78.755629,-78.755593,-78.755468,-78.755455,-78.755294,-78.755239,-78.75513,-78.754967,-78.754897,-78.75471,-78.754175,-78.753769,-78.753454,-78.753348,-78.753227,-78.753076,-78.753023,-78.752982,-78.752877,-78.752757,-78.752659,-78.75256,-78.752462,-78.752253,-78.75218,-78.752067,-78.751981,-78.751858,-78.751763,-78.751678,-78.751617,-78.751548,-78.751495,-78.751459,-78.751442,-78.751442,-78.751565,-78.751578,-78.75158,-78.751563,-78.751517,-78.751481,-78.751425,-78.751359,-78.75131,-78.751218,-78.751115,-78.751002,-78.750759,-78.750431,-78.750234,-78.750088,-78.74992,-78.749783,-78.74963,-78.749494,-78.749373,-78.749078,-78.74876,-78.748724,-78.748658,-78.748592,-78.748407,-78.748318,-78.74828,-78.748254,-78.748237,-78.748285,-78.748143,-78.747925,-78.747776,-78.747643,-78.747531,-78.7475,-78.747465,-78.747452,-78.74743,-78.747401,-78.747364,-78.747302,-78.747076,-78.746991,-78.746886,-78.746657,-78.746562,-78.746388,-78.746372,-78.746261,-78.746153,-78.746106,-78.746023,-78.745948,-78.745897,-78.745779,-78.745638,-78.745083,-78.745027,-78.744949,-78.7449,-78.744882,-78.744859,-78.744838,-78.744812,-78.744783,-78.744747,-78.744701,-78.744631,-78.744548,-78.74423,-78.744157,-78.744088,-78.743956,-78.743886,-78.743792,-78.743712,-78.743647,-78.743559,-78.743521,-78.743425,-78.743387,-78.74335,-78.743347,-78.74334,-78.743315,-78.743273,-78.743213,-78.74305,-78.742969,-78.742404,-78.742316,-78.74227,-78.742191,-78.742052,-78.741907,-78.741479,-78.741381,-78.74123,-78.741034,-78.740852,-78.740003,-78.739198,-78.739097,-78.738929,-78.738761,-78.738563,-78.738402,-78.737965,-78.737786,-78.737511,-78.737374,-78.737244,-78.73716,-78.737062,-78.736973,-78.736568,-78.735932,-78.735837,-78.735709,-78.735275,-78.735044,-78.734557,-78.733766,-78.733547,-78.73332,-78.732935,-78.732797,-78.732619,-78.732437,-78.731375,-78.731102,-78.731058,-78.73084,-78.730696,-78.730559,-78.730455,-78.730311,-78.730184,-78.729918,-78.729511,-78.729327,-78.729059,-78.728923,-78.728795,-78.72843,-78.727941,-78.727234,-78.726972,-78.726849,-78.726656,-78.726538,-78.726417,-78.726356,-78.726236,-78.726185,-78.726047,-78.725636,-78.725434,-78.725277,-78.724964,-78.72456,-78.72438,-78.724239,-78.724056,-78.723932,-78.723855,-78.723743,-78.723649,-78.72354,-78.723431,-78.723354,-78.723237,-78.723153,-78.723077,-78.723061,-78.723057,-78.722782,-78.722653,-78.722293,-78.722159,-78.721782,-78.721294,-78.720396,-78.719546,-78.718285,-78.717822,-78.716375,-78.715743,-78.715303,-78.714964,-78.714552,-78.71383,-78.712655,-78.712242,-78.711693,-78.711465,-78.711298,-78.711038,-78.710721,-78.710504,-78.710232,-78.709749,-78.709471,-78.708789,-78.708375,-78.708046,-78.70664,-78.702257,-78.700901,-78.698905,-78.698094,-78.697416,-78.697125,-78.695231,-78.694603,-78.69443,-78.693462,-78.6933,-78.693212,-78.693151,-78.693046,-78.693022,-78.691524,-78.691501,-78.691409,-78.690918,-78.689987,-78.689811,-78.689778,-78.689482,-78.689445,-78.689438,-78.689411,-78.689409,-78.689279,-78.689004,-78.688974,-78.688498,-78.688298,-78.688222,-78.688221,-78.688283,-78.68842,-78.688447,-78.688439,-78.688321,-78.688218,-78.688093,-78.687804,-78.68759,-78.687566,-78.687389,-78.687299,-78.687202,-78.687071,-78.686885,-78.686568,-78.686265,-78.686025,-78.68568,-78.685349,-78.684991,-78.684742,-78.684715,-78.684522,-78.684295,-78.68415,-78.684121,-78.684069,-78.684019,-78.683792,-78.683365,-78.683204,-78.682986,-78.682663,-78.682414,-78.682379,-78.682441,-78.682571,-78.682928,-78.683607,-78.684047,-78.684287,-78.684789,-78.685216,-78.685594,-78.686253,-78.686631,-78.686906,-78.687161,-78.687429,-78.687821,-78.687845,-78.688404,-78.689077,-78.689366,-78.689667,-78.690016,-78.690338,-78.690537,-78.690825,-78.691353,-78.691717,-78.692163,-78.69271,-78.693106,-78.693358,-78.693392,-78.693336,-78.693129,-78.69271,-78.692584,-78.692366,-78.692009,-78.691651,-78.69148,-78.691238,-78.690848,-78.690798,-78.690517,-78.690242,-78.690057,-78.68979,-78.6892,-78.688315,-78.68756,-78.687096,-78.687038,-78.686549,-78.685786,-78.685016,-78.684307,-78.684145,-78.684109,-78.683667,-78.683254,-78.683111,-78.683038,-78.682951,-78.682943,-78.682861,-78.68284,-78.682839,-78.68277,-78.682597,-78.682438,-78.68219,-78.682067,-78.681742,-78.681444,-78.681356,-78.68103,-78.680998,-78.680965,-78.680851,-78.680474,-78.680033,-78.679661,-78.679289,-78.678938,-78.678531,-78.678194,-78.677904,-78.677524,-78.677228,-78.676869,-78.676518,-78.676139,-78.675718,-78.675243,-78.67516,-78.674909,-78.674761,-78.674299,-78.673907,-78.673502,-78.673289,-78.672984,-78.672872,-78.672029,-78.67202,-78.671965,-78.671173,-78.67105,-78.670864,-78.670527,-78.67021,-78.669942,-78.669715,-78.669523,-78.669418,-78.669094,-78.668915,-78.668846,-78.668785,-78.668482,-78.668144,-78.667803,-78.667708,-78.667586,-78.667455,-78.667427,-78.667454,-78.667439,-78.667459,-78.667576,-78.667747,-78.668097,-78.668544,-78.668929,-78.669169,-78.669307,-78.669437,-78.669747,-78.670324,-78.670606,-78.671025,-78.671651,-78.672441,-78.673253,-78.674038,-78.674705,-78.67478,-78.675042,-78.675332,-78.675379,-78.675941,-78.67653,-78.677225,-78.677948,-78.678525,-78.679234,-78.680189,-78.681083,-78.681675,-78.681984,-78.682603,-78.683104,-78.683406,-78.683721,-78.683954,-78.684117,-78.684288,-78.684514,-78.684678,-78.684745,-78.684757,-78.684708,-78.684583,-78.684521,-78.684362,-78.68421,-78.684017,-78.683782,-78.683574,-78.683518,-78.683463,-78.68351,-78.683633,-78.683893,-78.684084,-78.684166,-78.684145,-78.684144,-78.684205,-78.684308,-78.684417,-78.684525,-78.684565,-78.684578,-78.684558,-78.684515,-78.684452,-78.684341,-78.684264,-78.684263,-78.684372,-78.684597,-78.684905,-78.685281,-78.685514,-78.685843,-78.685986,-78.686088,-78.686148,-78.68616,-78.686172,-78.686124,-78.686087,-78.685887,-78.685783,-78.685549,-78.685052,-78.684453,-78.683909,-78.683117,-78.682401,-78.68152,-78.680866,-78.680754,-78.680337,-78.679848,-78.679621,-78.679406,-78.679202,-78.67883,-78.678479,-78.67832,-78.678099,-78.67792,-78.677589,-78.676991,-78.676567,-78.67653,-78.676124,-78.676039,-78.675907,-78.675732,-78.675258,-78.67477,-78.674405,-78.673785,-78.673448,-78.672911,-78.672373,-78.671877,-78.671368,-78.671233,-78.670514,-78.669688,-78.669316,-78.668862,-78.66856,-78.668298,-78.667996,-78.66768,-78.667308,-78.667123,-78.666683,-78.665686,-78.665617,-78.66451,-78.663836,-78.663272,-78.662694,-78.662383,-78.662295,-78.661993,-78.661697,-78.66145,-78.661223,-78.661017,-78.660598,-78.660151,-78.659897,-78.659615,-78.659326,-78.659045,-78.658777,-78.658578,-78.658435,-78.65842,-78.658409,-78.658344,-78.658311,-78.658283,-78.658272,-78.658294,-78.658275,-78.658228,-78.65801,-78.657976,-78.657662,-78.657388,-78.657107,-78.656784,-78.656523,-78.656241,-78.655856,-78.655307,-78.654977,-78.654702,-78.65455,-78.654379,-78.654241,-78.6542,-78.654171,-78.654098,-78.653769,-78.653461,-78.653189,-78.652897,-78.652578,-78.652162,-78.651799,-78.651381,-78.651132,-78.650872,-78.650377,-78.64997,-78.649118,-78.648463,-78.648345,-78.648311,-78.648237,-78.648029,-78.647972,-78.647614,-78.64733,-78.647221,-78.647146,-78.646916,-78.646583,-78.646377,-78.646244,-78.646102,-78.645809,-78.645226,-78.643923,-78.643918,-78.643836,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643736,-78.643692,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.643636,-78.64364,-78.643651,-78.64369,-78.643727,-78.64373,-78.643736,-78.643735,-78.643835,-78.643884,-78.643935,-78.644035,-78.644233,-78.644535,-78.644572,-78.644581,-78.644635,-78.644835,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.644935,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645035,-78.645085,-78.645135,-78.645135,-78.645235,-78.645335,-78.645385,-78.64541,-78.645418,-78.645435,-78.645455,-78.645475,-78.645535,-78.645535,-78.645734,-78.646434,-78.646635,-78.646734,-78.647035,-78.647335,-78.647535,-78.647935,-78.648053,-78.648535,-78.648575,-78.648935,-78.649035,-78.649435,-78.649935,-78.650835,-78.651236,-78.65157,-78.651736,-78.651936,-78.651987,-78.652335,-78.652635,-78.652836,-78.653136,-78.653235,-78.653636,-78.653676,-78.653761,-78.653829,-78.653882,-78.653937,-78.654034,-78.654054,-78.654058,-78.654093,-78.654111,-78.654136,-78.654234,-78.65427,-78.654436,-78.654436,-78.654536,-78.654536,-78.654636,-78.654636,-78.654635,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654535,-78.654503,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654435,-78.654335,-78.654335,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654235,-78.654138,-78.654132,-78.654235,-78.654335,-78.654635,-78.654735,-78.654935,-78.655335,-78.655449,-78.655535,-78.655735,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655835,-78.655935,-78.655935,-78.655735,-78.655435,-78.655135,-78.654935,-78.654835,-78.654203,-78.654135,-78.654098,-78.654035,-78.653935,-78.653832,-78.653435,-78.652935,-78.652635,-78.652235,-78.651435,-78.650935,-78.650335,-78.649635,-78.649135,-78.648635,-78.648435,-78.648135,-78.647635,-78.647353,-78.647235,-78.647111,-78.646835,-78.646581,-78.646335,-78.646053,-78.645835,-78.645635,-78.645335,-78.644935,-78.644535,-78.644235,-78.644035,-78.643735,-78.643635,-78.643435,-78.643335,-78.643135,-78.642934,-78.642755,-78.642734,-78.642699,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642634,-78.642434,-78.642366,-78.642234,-78.642179,-78.642134,-78.642034,-78.642034,-78.641834,-78.641834,-78.641819,-78.641634,-78.641534,-78.641381,-78.641234,-78.641214,-78.641159,-78.641125,-78.641095,-78.641019,-78.640946,-78.640891,-78.640851,-78.640831,-78.640816,-78.640784,-78.64078,-78.640788,-78.640804,-78.640795,-78.640813,-78.640852,-78.640907,-78.64102,-78.64106,-78.641181,-78.641278,-78.641428,-78.641666,-78.641695,-78.641746,-78.641874,-78.641928,-78.642049,-78.642245,-78.642402,-78.642471,-78.642632,-78.64266,-78.643506,-78.64357,-78.643599,-78.643667,-78.643868,-78.644115,-78.644187,-78.644198,-78.644257,-78.644319,-78.644381,-78.644464,-78.644738,-78.644838,-78.644938,-78.645038,-78.645238,-78.645471,-78.645937,-78.646074,-78.646277,-78.646288,-78.646446,-78.646504,-78.646551,-78.646638,-78.646732,-78.646938,-78.647036,-78.647062,-78.647084,-78.647096,-78.647238,-78.647561,-78.647591,-78.647636,-78.647736,-78.647767,-78.647976,-78.64816,-78.648236,-78.649236,-78.649736,-78.650659,-78.651133,-78.651252,-78.651372,-78.651356,-78.651341,-78.651384,-78.651399,-78.651966,-78.652176,-78.652306,-78.652997,-78.653378,-78.654086,-78.654154,-78.654235,-78.654985,-78.656751,-78.656881,-78.656928,-78.656948,-78.657048,-78.657165,-78.657322,-78.658008,-78.658714,-78.659198,-78.659838,-78.659851,-78.660141,-78.66037,-78.66087,-78.661244,-78.66163,-78.66222,-78.66248,-78.662883,-78.663317,-78.663754,-78.664359,-78.664555,-78.664712,-78.66473,-78.664701,-78.664652,-78.664547,-78.664624,-78.664702,-78.665042,-78.665226,-78.665279,-78.665326,-78.665496,-78.665504,-78.665627,-78.665727,-78.665927,-78.666127,-78.666189,-78.666427,-78.666627,-78.666716,-78.666828,-78.667028,-78.667128,-78.667228,-78.667428,-78.667628,-78.668111,-78.668214,-78.668224,-78.668239,-78.668787,-78.668804,-78.668829,-78.669144,-78.66933,-78.669569,-78.669731,-78.669857,-78.669866,-78.670031,-78.670631,-78.67102,-78.671032,-78.671228,-78.671241,-78.671257,-78.671289,-78.671369,-78.672632,-78.672631,-78.672632,-78.6727,-78.672818,-78.672944,-78.6733,-78.673309,-78.673318,-78.673336,-78.673432,-78.673938,-78.67404,-78.67434,-78.674833,-78.675433,-78.675804,-78.676233,-78.676633,-78.677134,-78.677505,-78.677783,-78.677824,-78.677838,-78.677854,-78.678634,-78.679148,-78.679534,-78.680035,-78.680435,-78.680968,-78.681635,-78.682435,-78.682484,-78.682509,-78.682525,-78.682549,-78.682601,-78.68271,-78.682723,-78.682735,-78.683336,-78.683455,-78.683468,-78.684336,-78.684459,-78.684481,-78.684757,-78.685036,-78.685338,-78.685641,-78.686336,-78.686936,-78.687636,-78.688226,-78.689037,-78.689837,-78.690537,-78.690737,-78.691337,-78.691737,-78.692137,-78.692737,-78.693137,-78.693437,-78.693937,-78.694126,-78.694337,-78.694537,-78.694678,-78.694737,-78.694937,-78.695126,-78.695137,-78.695338,-78.695537,-78.695637,-78.695645,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695737,-78.695637,-78.695437,-78.695237,-78.695037,-78.694737,-78.694437,-78.693936,-78.693627,-78.693536,-78.693465,-78.693374,-78.693283,-78.693236,-78.692936,-78.692436,-78.692163,-78.691837,-78.691437,-78.691037,-78.690637,-78.690337,-78.689938,-78.68937,-78.689238,-78.689238,-78.689138,-78.689017,-78.688938,-78.688879,-78.688739,-78.688639,-78.688439,-78.688373,-78.688365,-78.688339,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688239,-78.68824,-78.68824,-78.688236,-78.688236,-78.688241,-78.688241,-78.688341,-78.688441,-78.688741,-78.689042,-78.689242,-78.689642,-78.689842,-78.690342,-78.690442,-78.690909,-78.691006,-78.691043,-78.691643,-78.692243,-78.692643,-78.69276,-78.692834,-78.693236,-78.693344,-78.693444,-78.693544,-78.693644,-78.693744,-78.694244,-78.694406,-78.694441,-78.695044,-78.695544,-78.695636,-78.696145,-78.696936,-78.697648,-78.697745,-78.698836,-78.699846,-78.700033,-78.70005,-78.700546,-78.701247,-78.702348,-78.702737,-78.703449,-78.703916,-78.704349,-78.705149,-78.70595,-78.70635,-78.70655,-78.706861,-78.707149,-78.707268,-78.707414,-78.707497,-78.707509,-78.70775,-78.708551,-78.709351,-78.709651,-78.710038,-78.710054,-78.710437,-78.711045,-78.711134,-78.711188,-78.711233,-78.711257,-78.711295,-78.711326,-78.711943,-78.712439,-78.712583,-78.712636,-78.712693,-78.713038,-78.713084,-78.714041,-78.714137,-78.71414,-78.714137,-78.714135,-78.71418,-78.714192,-78.714241,-78.71456,-78.714739,-78.715339,-78.715937,-78.716223,-78.716835,-78.717334,-78.717556,-78.717581,-78.717636,-78.718039,-78.718437,-78.718541,-78.718785,-78.718798,-78.718837,-78.71888,-78.718909,-78.718969,-78.71904,-78.719039,-78.719039,-78.719037,-78.718971,-78.718837,-78.718541,-78.718433,-78.71829,-78.718245,-78.718076,-78.718036,-78.717936,-78.717892,-78.717746,-78.717811,-78.71786,-78.71786,-78.717868,-78.717881,-78.717929,-78.718046,-78.71806,-78.718039,-78.718005,-78.718005,-78.718017,-78.71806,-78.718107,-78.718122,-78.71815,-78.717952,-78.717755,-78.71727,-78.717241,-78.717226,-78.717126,-78.717027,-78.717027,-78.717127,-78.717127,-78.717224,-78.717227,-78.717227,-78.717228,-78.717028,-78.716828,-78.716729,-78.716529,-78.71633,-78.71623,-78.71613,-78.715731,-78.715654,-78.715642,-78.715531,-78.715431,-78.715331,-78.715131,-78.715087,-78.715075,-78.715067,-78.714931,-78.714931,-78.714531,-78.714331,-78.714231,-78.713932,-78.713899,-78.713893,-78.713609,-78.713578,-78.713537,-78.713495,-78.713478,-78.713433,-78.713433,-78.713428,-78.713433,-78.713533,-78.713609,-78.713613,-78.713635,-78.713634,-78.713563,-78.713554,-78.713535,-78.713437,-78.713407,-78.71339,-78.713235,-78.713035,-78.71284,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712836,-78.712828,-78.712825,-78.712798,-78.712745,-78.712715,-78.712701,-78.712708,-78.712728,-78.712746,-78.712802,-78.712738,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712737,-78.712736,-78.712734,-78.712861,-78.712822,-78.712921,-78.713218,-78.71332,-78.713421,-78.713625,-78.714011,-78.714333,-78.714399,-78.714406,-78.714411,-78.714435,-78.714507,-78.71456,-78.714643,-78.714714,-78.714722,-78.714727,-78.714737,-78.714778,-78.714821,-78.714939,-78.715337,-78.71574,-78.715776,-78.715831,-78.716052,-78.716251,-78.716649,-78.716749,-78.717146,-78.717743,-78.718141,-78.718341,-78.718823,-78.719037,-78.719279,-78.71929,-78.719532,-78.719544,-78.719636,-78.720136,-78.720235,-78.720436,-78.720821,-78.720936,-78.720987,-78.721037,-78.721236,-78.721436,-78.721506,-78.721664,-78.721735,-78.721835,-78.721985,-78.722235,-78.722258,-78.722281,-78.722535,-78.723136,-78.723158,-78.723186,-78.723211,-78.723286,-78.723437,-78.724137,-78.725034,-78.725249,-78.725345,-78.725401,-78.725444,-78.725537,-78.726237,-78.726294,-78.726306,-78.726344,-78.726504,-78.727037,-78.727837,-78.728337,-78.729037,-78.729637,-78.729862,-78.729914,-78.729932,-78.730537,-78.730917,-78.731037,-78.731392,-78.731407,-78.731426,-78.731444,-78.731476,-78.73154,-78.731837,-78.731966,-78.732003,-78.732337,-78.732537,-78.732937,-78.733363,-78.733434,-78.734037,-78.735537,-78.735636,-78.736237,-78.736837,-78.737237,-78.737563,-78.738137,-78.738737,-78.739437,-78.739937,-78.740637,-78.741137,-78.741187,-78.741737,-78.7418,-78.742537,-78.74299,-78.743026,-78.74304,-78.743054,-78.743137,-78.743581,-78.743758,-78.743805,-78.743818,-78.743834,-78.743937,-78.744435,-78.744769,-78.744854,-78.74487,-78.744937,-78.745056,-78.745112,-78.745637,-78.745937,-78.746638,-78.747038,-78.747638,-78.748038,-78.748538,-78.748738,-78.748938,-78.749238,-78.749438,-78.749638,-78.749738,-78.750038,-78.751638,-78.751794,-78.751951,-78.753734,-78.755518,-78.755738,-78.757947,-78.758092,-78.758238,-78.758312,-78.758387,-78.759813,-78.761238,-78.764838,-78.766514,-78.766614,-78.766708,-78.768681,-78.769066,-78.769232,-78.770432,-78.771228,-78.771314,-78.771783,-78.772252,-78.7723,-78.772935,-78.773172,-78.775739,-78.776631,-78.776939,-78.778441,-78.778609,-78.780107,-78.780228,-78.780451,-78.780479,-78.780946,-78.781375,-78.781395,-78.781469,-78.782906,-78.784513,-78.785341,-78.785388,-78.78612,-78.788128,-78.791339,-78.792996,-78.794654,-78.794796,-78.794939,-78.796133,-78.797327,-78.797428,-78.79753,-78.797839,-78.797946,-78.798938,-78.79993,-78.800539,-78.803067,-78.803096,-78.803148,-78.803208,-78.803439,-78.804756,-78.806073,-78.806197,-78.806321,-78.80644,-78.80934,-78.811137,-78.81124,-78.811333,-78.811813,-78.81314,-78.814346,-78.81554,-78.817859,-78.81864,-78.82124,-78.82254,-78.822595,-78.82324,-78.82374,-78.823768,-78.823786,-78.823804,-78.82394,-78.824028,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82364,-78.82354,-78.82324,-78.82284,-78.82244,-78.822161,-78.82214,-78.821953,-78.821939,-78.821654,-78.821583,-78.821374,-78.820802,-78.819642,-78.819384,-78.819063,-78.819051,-78.818984,-78.818545,-78.818345,-78.817745,-78.817413,-78.817345,-78.816744,-78.816344,-78.815544,-78.815044,-78.814444,-78.813644,-78.813244,-78.812718,-78.812195,-78.812044,-78.811544,-78.811468,-78.810943,-78.810443,-78.810143,-78.810043,-78.809943,-78.809943,-78.810444,-78.81045,-78.811042,-78.81244,-78.812516,-78.812566,-78.812976,-78.814042,-78.815142,-78.815738,-78.81576,-78.815876,-78.816032,-78.816335,-78.816433,-78.816852,-78.81687,-78.81689,-78.816935,-78.816955,-78.818541,-78.818692,-78.818934,-78.819069,-78.819191,-78.820109,-78.820741,-78.822341,-78.823839,-78.824336,-78.82624,-78.82704,-78.827402,-78.827763,-78.82794,-78.827975,-78.828073,-78.828528,-78.828802,-78.829076,-78.82914,-78.829284,-78.83074,-78.832439,-78.832839,-78.832948,-78.833096,-78.833173,-78.833179,-78.833341,-78.833358,-78.833365,-78.833322,-78.83315,-78.832667,-78.832611,-78.832467,-78.831312,-78.831243,-78.831189,-78.831131,-78.830846,-78.830839,-78.830411,-78.830339,-78.829454,-78.829339,-78.828835,-78.828339,-78.827139,-78.826818,-78.826528,-78.826239,-78.825967,-78.825694,-78.825683,-78.825035,-78.824839,-78.823639,-78.822639,-78.821339,-78.821236,-78.820638,-78.820039,-78.818639,-78.817439,-78.816975,-78.8168,-78.81672,-78.816639,-78.815853,-78.814939,-78.814238,-78.81375,-78.813738,-78.81345,-78.813339,-78.813338,-78.813316,-78.813314,-78.813312,-78.81324,-78.81324,-78.81364,-78.814636,-78.814779,-78.814795,-78.814834,-78.814857,-78.814866,-78.815261,-78.81532,-78.815337,-78.815536,-78.817361,-78.817377,-78.817391,-78.817733,-78.817916,-78.817933,-78.817945,-78.818142,-78.818184,-78.818214,-78.818234,-78.819443,-78.820842,-78.821197,-78.821216,-78.821294,-78.82224,-78.824092,-78.824116,-78.82424,-78.82474,-78.824862,-78.824871,-78.825339,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825639,-78.825539,-78.825506,-78.8255,-78.825494,-78.825465,-78.825431,-78.825392,-78.825339,-78.825339,-78.825239,-78.825238,-78.825206,-78.825175,-78.825139,-78.825039,-78.824969,-78.824838,-78.82474,-78.824438,-78.824391,-78.824311,-78.824231,-78.824029,-78.82395,-78.823734,-78.823683,-78.823594,-78.823578,-78.823472,-78.823367,-78.823263,-78.823138,-78.822738,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822538,-78.822653,-78.822709,-78.822945,-78.822979,-78.82299,-78.823282,-78.823612,-78.8237,-78.823886,-78.823915,-78.823946,-78.824018,-78.8242,-78.824368,-78.82451,-78.824541,-78.82458,-78.824938,-78.825738,-78.826073,-78.826211,-78.826275,-78.826338,-78.826511,-78.826644,-78.826678,-78.826864,-78.826878,-78.826912,-78.827074,-78.827464,-78.827656,-78.827735,-78.827746,-78.827776,-78.827873,-78.828144,-78.828183,-78.828194,-78.828222,-78.828442,-78.828908,-78.829277,-78.829288,-78.829304,-78.829377,-78.82945,-78.830216,-78.830938,-78.830979,-78.831038,-78.831238,-78.831704,-78.832328,-78.832879,-78.83293,-78.832963,-78.833004,-78.833062,-78.833226,-78.833585,-78.834236,-78.835834,-78.83613,-78.836181,-78.836276,-78.836307,-78.836353,-78.836579,-78.837222,-78.837234,-78.837284,-78.837648,-78.838132,-78.838883,-78.838904,-78.839335,-78.839776,-78.839939,-78.840075,-78.840105,-78.84028,-78.840503,-78.840528,-78.841529,-78.842328,-78.84277,-78.842781,-78.842823,-78.842863,-78.84319,-78.843392,-78.843422,-78.843827,-78.844432,-78.8445,-78.844677,-78.844877,-78.845125,-78.84556,-78.845705,-78.845953,-78.846128,-78.846139,-78.84616,-78.846731,-78.847397,-78.847411,-78.847437,-78.847457,-78.847665,-78.84769,-78.847721,-78.848117,-78.848158,-78.848645,-78.849142,-78.849267,-78.84928,-78.849385,-78.849856,-78.850327,-78.850443,-78.850806,-78.851044,-78.851243,-78.851309,-78.85133,-78.851382,-78.851591,-78.851614,-78.851866,-78.85196,-78.852562,-78.852959,-78.85311,-78.85321,-78.853538,-78.853655,-78.853677,-78.8541,-78.854134,-78.854145,-78.854153,-78.854198,-78.85463,-78.854651,-78.854832,-78.854855,-78.854887,-78.854917,-78.854962,-78.85534,-78.855418,-78.855539,-78.855886,-78.856233,-78.856759,-78.856823,-78.856855,-78.857137,-78.857449,-78.857739,-78.857845,-78.857862,-78.857897,-78.858554,-78.859566,-78.859672,-78.86014,-78.861443,-78.861998,-78.862355,-78.862373,-78.862811,-78.863128,-78.863578,-78.863603,-78.86384,-78.865088,-78.865102,-78.865275,-78.865331,-78.865353,-78.86586,-78.865871,-78.866432,-78.866742,-78.867047,-78.867151,-78.867162,-78.867256,-78.867933,-78.868037,-78.86855,-78.8686,-78.868622,-78.868652,-78.868686,-78.86874,-78.868816,-78.868942,-78.868973,-78.869006,-78.86914,-78.869202,-78.869218,-78.86923,-78.869245,-78.869267,-78.869316,-78.869172,-78.86914,-78.869044,-78.86894,-78.86884,-78.868338,-78.868304,-78.868267,-78.867967,-78.86794,-78.867877,-78.867752,-78.867742,-78.86764,-78.867634,-78.867641,-78.867643,-78.86781,-78.867829,-78.867843,-78.867896,-78.868045,-78.868341,-78.868613,-78.868695,-78.868787,-78.868836,-78.868909,-78.869253,-78.869836,-78.870632,-78.870651,-78.870717,-78.870841,-78.871267,-78.871307,-78.871328,-78.871734,-78.871777,-78.871816,-78.871826,-78.871832,-78.871939,-78.872335,-78.872369,-78.872511,-78.872737,-78.872753,-78.87299,-78.87369,-78.87378,-78.873942,-78.873977,-78.874143,-78.874345,-78.874677,-78.874737,-78.874814,-78.874821,-78.874938,-78.875147,-78.875423,-78.875586,-78.875649,-78.875704,-78.875738,-78.875759,-78.875732,-78.875676,-78.875587,-78.87537,-78.875159,-78.875063,-78.874966,-78.874939,-78.874939,-78.874967,-78.875029,-78.875112,-78.875313,-78.875344,-78.875471,-78.875487,-78.875549,-78.875576,-78.87561,-78.875899,-78.876002,-78.876071,-78.876122,-78.876161,-78.87634,-78.876471,-78.876554,-78.877429,-78.87749,-78.877685,-78.877967,-78.877995,-78.878266,-78.878609,-78.879071,-78.879788,-78.88045,-78.880933,-78.881126,-78.881685,-78.881816,-78.881891,-78.882029,-78.882264,-78.882374,-78.882539,-78.882732,-78.882994,-78.883063,-78.883125,-78.883181,-78.883204,-78.883228,-78.883256,-78.883373,-78.883421,-78.88349,-78.883566,-78.88369,-78.883804,-78.883813,-78.883973,-78.883987,-78.884058,-78.884125,-78.884146,-78.884257,-78.884282,-78.884285,-78.884286,-78.884291,-78.884294,-78.884297,-78.884298,-78.884299,-78.884319,-78.884409,-78.884465,-78.884493,-78.884582,-78.884639,-78.884659,-78.884741,-78.884856,-78.884879,-78.884935,-78.884983,-78.885052,-78.885135,-78.885183,-78.885362,-78.885542,-78.88581,-78.885976,-78.886334,-78.886527,-78.886689,-78.886844,-78.886941,-78.887045,-78.887148,-78.887196,-78.887334,-78.887555,-78.887754,-78.887765,-78.887797,-78.888017,-78.888445,-78.888707,-78.888845,-78.889045,-78.889197,-78.889411,-78.889625,-78.889715,-78.889852,-78.890149,-78.890246,-78.890315,-78.890363,-78.890418,-78.890446,-78.890453,-78.890446,-78.890434,-78.890419,-78.890405,-78.890383,-78.890364,-78.890357,-78.890352,-78.890316,-78.890244,-78.890182,-78.890157,-78.890123,-78.890109,-78.890123,-78.890164,-78.890258,-78.890544,-78.890585,-78.890599,-78.89064,-78.890889,-78.890927,-78.890986,-78.891068,-78.891241,-78.8914,-78.891538,-78.891765,-78.891945,-78.891993,-78.892045,-78.892152,-78.892418,-78.892536,-78.892572,-78.892752,-78.892869,-78.892931,-78.892986,-78.893097,-78.893128,-78.893214,-78.893251,-78.893297,-78.893428,-78.893534,-78.893649,-78.893753,-78.893815,-78.89389,-78.893939,-78.893976,-78.894015,-78.894104,-78.894144,-78.894166,-78.894235,-78.894311,-78.894359,-78.894401,-78.894449,-78.894521,-78.894608,-78.894698,-78.894794,-78.894905,-78.895236,-78.895291,-78.89536,-78.895422,-78.895491,-78.895519,-78.895624,-78.895739,-78.895822,-78.895918,-78.895987,-78.89645,-78.896654,-78.896788,-78.897027,-78.897153,-78.897298,-78.897463,-78.897698,-78.897905,-78.89807,-78.898112,-78.898463,-78.898498,-78.898546,-78.898567,-78.898553,-78.898505,-78.898304,-78.898277,-78.898263,-78.898263,-78.89829,-78.898332,-78.898435,-78.898794,-78.899076,-78.899214,-78.899421,-78.899669,-78.899738,-78.899787,-78.899801,-78.89994,-78.899974,-78.899995,-78.900002,-78.90001,-78.900046,-78.900121,-78.90521,-78.90531,-78.905996,-78.906358,-78.906371,-78.906389,-78.906413,-78.906418,-78.906426,-78.90644,-78.909187,-78.909272,-78.910767,-78.91178,-78.912279,-78.912305,-78.912544,-78.91443,-78.91558,-78.915981,-78.917578,-78.917602,-78.917894,-78.917907,-78.9186,-78.918606,-78.918614,-78.918645,-78.921673,-78.921792,-78.922303,-78.922313,-78.922319,-78.922462,-78.923182,-78.927173,-78.928482,-78.928733,-78.928967,-78.930842,-78.930873,-78.930904,-78.930932,-78.930959,-78.932626,-78.933069,-78.934798,-78.936253,-78.936308,-78.936314,-78.93632,-78.936365,-78.937305,-78.937492,-78.937508,-78.937846,-78.938112,-78.94215,-78.942243,-78.942628,-78.942707,-78.942714,-78.942747,-78.946981,-78.947558,-78.94765,-78.94766,-78.947712,-78.947791,-78.947977,-78.948131,-78.948775,-78.948788,-78.948887,-78.948914,-78.948934,-78.949733,-78.951287,-78.954594,-78.954613],"lat":[37.647048,37.647225,37.647374,37.647661,37.648005,37.648061,37.649394,37.64958,37.649683,37.649849,37.650235,37.65055,37.65101,37.651584,37.651653,37.651678,37.651731,37.651838,37.65232,37.653406,37.653831,37.654969,37.655418,37.655738,37.656304,37.65934,37.660921,37.661498,37.663976,37.665732,37.670166,37.670176,37.670176,37.670152,37.670143,37.670148,37.670209,37.670302,37.670368,37.670494,37.670555,37.67078,37.670862,37.671132,37.671428,37.671675,37.67178,37.672054,37.672164,37.672274,37.672384,37.67262,37.672702,37.672916,37.673026,37.673356,37.673482,37.673537,37.673768,37.673966,37.67441,37.674597,37.674987,37.675152,37.675542,37.675663,37.676179,37.676316,37.676398,37.676481,37.676624,37.676712,37.677058,37.677173,37.677266,37.677332,37.67742,37.677546,37.677689,37.678282,37.678403,37.678486,37.678562,37.678821,37.67887,37.678925,37.678974,37.678996,37.679013,37.679029,37.679018,37.679007,37.679013,37.679024,37.679051,37.679095,37.679249,37.679787,37.67988,37.680012,37.680144,37.680446,37.68149,37.681799,37.682094,37.68222,37.683094,37.684609,37.684763,37.684851,37.685098,37.685362,37.686136,37.686493,37.687026,37.68713,37.687778,37.688097,37.688432,37.68858,37.688772,37.688893,37.689206,37.689442,37.689909,37.69025,37.690607,37.69087,37.691194,37.691337,37.691606,37.691738,37.69182,37.692122,37.692578,37.69271,37.692952,37.6931,37.693298,37.694077,37.694176,37.694248,37.694374,37.694495,37.694583,37.694616,37.694681,37.694806,37.694863,37.695148,37.695324,37.695686,37.695835,37.696735,37.696977,37.697263,37.697466,37.697664,37.697949,37.698746,37.699383,37.699591,37.699668,37.700009,37.700173,37.7008,37.701074,37.701327,37.701574,37.702002,37.703302,37.703441,37.704062,37.704347,37.704551,37.704671,37.704776,37.705314,37.705457,37.705797,37.705979,37.70633,37.706555,37.706912,37.707017,37.70722,37.70733,37.707917,37.708066,37.708153,37.708313,37.70856,37.70862,37.708867,37.708928,37.709208,37.709345,37.709416,37.709598,37.709927,37.710136,37.710542,37.71085,37.711542,37.711767,37.712031,37.712371,37.712651,37.71291,37.713201,37.713372,37.713388,37.71352,37.71367,37.713842,37.714085,37.714415,37.715714,37.716116,37.716378,37.716323,37.716277,37.716233,37.716202,37.716178,37.716169,37.716179,37.716205,37.71622,37.716264,37.71628,37.716279,37.716268,37.716241,37.716201,37.716145,37.716048,37.715975,37.715913,37.715812,37.715751,37.71524,37.715012,37.714952,37.714864,37.714792,37.714754,37.714731,37.714721,37.714726,37.714755,37.714778,37.714811,37.714862,37.714927,37.715004,37.715142,37.716255,37.716357,37.716448,37.716522,37.716568,37.716599,37.716613,37.716619,37.716611,37.7166,37.716577,37.716545,37.716478,37.716427,37.716098,37.715815,37.71566,37.715579,37.715238,37.714956,37.714057,37.713736,37.713601,37.713501,37.713275,37.713151,37.713093,37.712925,37.71266,37.712049,37.7117,37.711498,37.711138,37.710519,37.709231,37.709056,37.709006,37.70897,37.708939,37.708934,37.708842,37.708769,37.708702,37.708305,37.708047,37.707972,37.707809,37.707651,37.707599,37.70738,37.707213,37.706602,37.70638,37.705928,37.705593,37.705301,37.705167,37.70499,37.704449,37.703822,37.703522,37.703415,37.703313,37.703184,37.70315,37.703051,37.702998,37.702924,37.702512,37.701799,37.701502,37.701157,37.700865,37.700361,37.699486,37.699407,37.699202,37.698785,37.69844,37.698338,37.698264,37.698061,37.697784,37.697593,37.697451,37.697033,37.696937,37.696656,37.696356,37.696196,37.69607,37.696041,37.696005,37.695956,37.695895,37.695831,37.695739,37.695668,37.695604,37.695311,37.695028,37.694571,37.694505,37.694332,37.694186,37.694058,37.693949,37.693806,37.693746,37.693651,37.693491,37.693183,37.692976,37.692565,37.692203,37.691917,37.691379,37.691106,37.690805,37.690388,37.689499,37.689305,37.688769,37.688238,37.68764,37.687564,37.687414,37.687269,37.686637,37.686509,37.686398,37.685859,37.685672,37.685437,37.685309,37.685141,37.684935,37.684851,37.684708,37.684563,37.684419,37.684326,37.684235,37.684127,37.684044,37.683853,37.683647,37.683574,37.683493,37.683407,37.683372,37.683337,37.683252,37.683172,37.683094,37.682997,37.682872,37.682818,37.682775,37.682728,37.682683,37.682619,37.682502,37.682378,37.68218,37.681902,37.681795,37.68168,37.681423,37.681081,37.680889,37.680812,37.680686,37.680554,37.680456,37.680307,37.679951,37.679905,37.680033,37.680174,37.680257,37.680316,37.680371,37.680422,37.680464,37.680524,37.680626,37.680661,37.680766,37.681107,37.681176,37.681242,37.681489,37.681742,37.682022,37.682192,37.682263,37.68229,37.682318,37.682345,37.682372,37.682389,37.682444,37.682526,37.682619,37.683388,37.683498,37.683959,37.684299,37.684415,37.68453,37.684717,37.684821,37.684909,37.684931,37.684937,37.684931,37.684909,37.684876,37.684827,37.684767,37.68475,37.684745,37.68475,37.684778,37.684816,37.684888,37.68497,37.685031,37.685091,37.685256,37.685426,37.685487,37.685619,37.685734,37.685794,37.686063,37.686217,37.686464,37.686602,37.686777,37.687068,37.687184,37.687414,37.68776,37.687903,37.688084,37.68815,37.688216,37.688254,37.688288,37.688398,37.688387,37.688359,37.688327,37.688156,37.688069,37.687767,37.687695,37.687585,37.687553,37.687536,37.687586,37.687652,37.687756,37.687811,37.687927,37.688317,37.688729,37.688811,37.68902,37.689091,37.689404,37.689465,37.689608,37.689662,37.689717,37.689728,37.689718,37.68969,37.689663,37.689613,37.689443,37.689416,37.689405,37.689416,37.689388,37.689163,37.689043,37.689032,37.689065,37.689197,37.689274,37.689329,37.689785,37.69007,37.690142,37.690257,37.690389,37.690746,37.690889,37.690987,37.691075,37.691141,37.691202,37.691262,37.691317,37.691465,37.691525,37.691701,37.691778,37.691888,37.692239,37.692673,37.693118,37.693228,37.693359,37.69342,37.693508,37.693645,37.693755,37.693837,37.694041,37.694222,37.694821,37.694892,37.694942,37.695002,37.695046,37.695063,37.695052,37.695019,37.694975,37.694755,37.694706,37.694678,37.694684,37.694717,37.694772,37.694816,37.694931,37.695129,37.695393,37.695634,37.695832,37.696073,37.696249,37.696458,37.696683,37.696886,37.697045,37.69727,37.697523,37.697633,37.698017,37.69844,37.698484,37.69855,37.698715,37.698759,37.698814,37.699012,37.699182,37.699242,37.699297,37.699435,37.699742,37.699808,37.699973,37.700011,37.700033,37.700028,37.699973,37.699841,37.699732,37.699084,37.699012,37.698776,37.698584,37.698557,37.698551,37.698562,37.698617,37.698804,37.698887,37.699106,37.699535,37.699705,37.699804,37.70015,37.70032,37.700502,37.700634,37.700749,37.700985,37.701035,37.701084,37.701254,37.70132,37.701403,37.701524,37.701589,37.701738,37.701787,37.701908,37.701969,37.702144,37.70221,37.702298,37.702419,37.702463,37.702564,37.702617,37.702628,37.702672,37.702644,37.702611,37.70209,37.702018,37.70148,37.701338,37.70125,37.701167,37.701036,37.700805,37.700739,37.700701,37.70069,37.700684,37.700706,37.700767,37.700821,37.701008,37.701047,37.701074,37.701091,37.701107,37.701146,37.701228,37.701354,37.701387,37.701431,37.701459,37.70153,37.701821,37.701876,37.701953,37.702008,37.701997,37.701777,37.701734,37.701695,37.701679,37.70169,37.701679,37.701635,37.701525,37.701058,37.700981,37.700926,37.700811,37.700855,37.700904,37.700959,37.701289,37.70136,37.701624,37.701684,37.701811,37.702063,37.702135,37.702173,37.702206,37.702256,37.702283,37.702283,37.702058,37.702003,37.70191,37.701899,37.701904,37.701921,37.701954,37.702141,37.702212,37.70231,37.702322,37.702377,37.70252,37.702542,37.703009,37.703443,37.70354,37.703639,37.703736,37.703832,37.70394,37.704495,37.704736,37.705133,37.705538,37.705788,37.706199,37.706417,37.70688,37.707095,37.707287,37.707394,37.707491,37.707614,37.707915,37.708618,37.709298,37.709376,37.709568,37.709818,37.709871,37.709952,37.710153,37.710421,37.710614,37.71083,37.711337,37.711917,37.712009,37.712483,37.712679,37.712879,37.713085,37.713309,37.713435,37.713563,37.713684,37.714453,37.714647,37.715178,37.715866,37.715995,37.716082,37.716151,37.716226,37.716279,37.716324,37.71637,37.716402,37.716443,37.716472,37.716516,37.716549,37.716606,37.716663,37.716738,37.716816,37.717118,37.717223,37.717365,37.717395,37.717466,37.71753,37.717585,37.717629,37.717712,37.717742,37.717804,37.717877,37.717995,37.71809,37.71817,37.718404,37.718509,37.718574,37.718658,37.718807,37.718941,37.718999,37.71906,37.719151,37.719259,37.719023,37.718958,37.71889,37.718835,37.718812,37.718796,37.718795,37.7188,37.718824,37.718886,37.718954,37.719212,37.719287,37.719429,37.719509,37.719521,37.719536,37.719582,37.719662,37.719763,37.719777,37.719803,37.71996,37.720125,37.720141,37.720145,37.720143,37.720136,37.720124,37.720107,37.719782,37.719617,37.71952,37.719433,37.719362,37.719217,37.719265,37.719339,37.719368,37.719519,37.719549,37.719564,37.719598,37.719618,37.719634,37.719666,37.719702,37.719722,37.71978,37.719817,37.719828,37.719827,37.719826,37.719818,37.719807,37.719759,37.719692,37.719669,37.719665,37.719662,37.719659,37.719677,37.719708,37.719732,37.719781,37.719867,37.719892,37.719912,37.719917,37.719916,37.719892,37.71986,37.71981,37.719752,37.719651,37.719563,37.719486,37.719439,37.719404,37.719383,37.719361,37.719329,37.719313,37.719275,37.719216,37.719144,37.719029,37.718958,37.718862,37.718824,37.718796,37.718787,37.71879,37.718806,37.718849,37.718939,37.719121,37.719144,37.719163,37.719198,37.719234,37.719377,37.720051,37.720455,37.720726,37.720996,37.721538,37.721617,37.721721,37.7219,37.722085,37.722273,37.722454,37.722587,37.722724,37.722803,37.72286,37.723002,37.723183,37.723359,37.72347,37.723666,37.723842,37.724022,37.724163,37.724287,37.724412,37.725102,37.72764,37.727798,37.727874,37.728067,37.72826,37.728452,37.728603,37.728754,37.728944,37.729031,37.729127,37.729266,37.729304,37.72939,37.729414,37.729599,37.729802,37.729959,37.730034,37.730118,37.730374,37.730406,37.730495,37.730602,37.73067,37.730701,37.730745,37.730847,37.730933,37.731024,37.731075,37.731158,37.731214,37.73127,37.731386,37.731501,37.731544,37.73157,37.731768,37.731997,37.73218,37.732311,37.732467,37.732604,37.732746,37.732891,37.732979,37.733763,37.733805,37.733996,37.734701,37.734879,37.735243,37.7354,37.735555,37.735774,37.736906,37.737584,37.738081,37.738547,37.73968,37.739725,37.740047,37.740239,37.741129,37.741177,37.74123,37.74127,37.741294,37.741347,37.741421,37.742235,37.742363,37.74247,37.742553,37.742634,37.743304,37.743431,37.743704,37.743935,37.744028,37.74432,37.74449,37.744587,37.744674,37.745044,37.745162,37.745291,37.745402,37.745828,37.746425,37.746724,37.747252,37.747359,37.747436,37.747501,37.747553,37.747584,37.747702,37.747721,37.747754,37.747825,37.747873,37.747903,37.747973,37.748247,37.748478,37.748632,37.748835,37.748937,37.749047,37.749162,37.749281,37.749427,37.749549,37.74967,37.749789,37.750561,37.750718,37.750842,37.750935,37.750983,37.751113,37.751208,37.751314,37.75224,37.752414,37.752579,37.752704,37.753077,37.753166,37.753251,37.753289,37.753316,37.753329,37.753326,37.753305,37.753263,37.753213,37.753124,37.752966,37.752751,37.75268,37.752556,37.752426,37.752291,37.75208,37.752012,37.751952,37.751904,37.751815,37.751739,37.751678,37.751592,37.751495,37.751402,37.751325,37.751255,37.751058,37.750872,37.750784,37.750618,37.750491,37.750456,37.750432,37.750428,37.750461,37.750464,37.750456,37.750433,37.750406,37.750373,37.750358,37.750343,37.750348,37.750369,37.750405,37.750455,37.750518,37.750556,37.75063,37.750683,37.75071,37.750757,37.750839,37.750927,37.751017,37.751479,37.751561,37.751763,37.751963,37.752103,37.75216,37.752353,37.753414,37.753493,37.753685,37.753871,37.754252,37.754459,37.75463,37.754873,37.75501,37.755114,37.75526,37.75535,37.755413,37.755577,37.755655,37.755754,37.755857,37.75637,37.756546,37.756605,37.756658,37.75669,37.756785,37.756833,37.756988,37.757249,37.758655,37.759015,37.759256,37.759714,37.759788,37.759968,37.760137,37.760363,37.760573,37.760663,37.760782,37.760857,37.761083,37.761396,37.761579,37.761754,37.761895,37.762002,37.762102,37.762139,37.762223,37.762281,37.762406,37.762619,37.762785,37.762908,37.763046,37.763188,37.763331,37.763476,37.763619,37.76376,37.763912,37.764059,37.764172,37.76444,37.764606,37.764722,37.76487,37.764997,37.765126,37.765255,37.765419,37.765581,37.765768,37.765877,37.765979,37.766059,37.766192,37.76629,37.766343,37.766995,37.767076,37.767168,37.767249,37.767367,37.767493,37.767599,37.767737,37.767813,37.767877,37.76793,37.767987,37.768036,37.768085,37.768131,37.768197,37.768278,37.768409,37.768558,37.76875,37.768857,37.769158,37.769344,37.769506,37.769675,37.769814,37.769842,37.769956,37.770065,37.770174,37.770282,37.77048,37.770741,37.770888,37.771077,37.771611,37.772358,37.772571,37.772829,37.773027,37.773224,37.773677,37.77396,37.774165,37.774319,37.774472,37.774661,37.774904,37.77521,37.775288,37.775596,37.776008,37.776677,37.777208,37.777362,37.777702,37.777869,37.778647,37.779298,37.779439,37.779798,37.78016,37.780451,37.780823,37.781842,37.782015,37.782113,37.782637,37.782743,37.78287,37.782943,37.783007,37.783094,37.783126,37.783144,37.783175,37.783189,37.783217,37.783257,37.783312,37.783365,37.78344,37.783564,37.783775,37.784039,37.784205,37.784829,37.784943,37.785079,37.785181,37.7853,37.785409,37.785473,37.785552,37.785644,37.785686,37.785738,37.785786,37.785847,37.785926,37.786044,37.786091,37.786193,37.786246,37.786289,37.786365,37.786396,37.786421,37.786501,37.786713,37.786771,37.786922,37.787126,37.787283,37.787461,37.787606,37.787727,37.787929,37.788091,37.788367,37.78858,37.788842,37.789057,37.78931,37.789378,37.789517,37.78966,37.78986,37.790418,37.79048,37.791049,37.791191,37.791421,37.791729,37.791834,37.792091,37.792743,37.793176,37.793487,37.79361,37.793725,37.793843,37.793875,37.7939,37.793943,37.793964,37.79397,37.793968,37.793956,37.793909,37.793899,37.79389,37.793899,37.79393,37.79397,37.794022,37.794073,37.794151,37.794238,37.794329,37.794424,37.79452,37.794931,37.795018,37.795107,37.795239,37.795357,37.795425,37.795513,37.795596,37.795641,37.795708,37.795763,37.795805,37.795862,37.795921,37.795978,37.796032,37.79611,37.796188,37.796293,37.796409,37.796535,37.796921,37.797384,37.797437,37.797524,37.797611,37.797856,37.797974,37.798037,37.798103,37.798189,37.798574,37.798733,37.799,37.79921,37.799427,37.799651,37.799749,37.799915,37.800185,37.800315,37.800398,37.800459,37.800529,37.800706,37.800763,37.800823,37.801196,37.801342,37.80158,37.801602,37.801738,37.801851,37.8019,37.802003,37.802108,37.80218,37.802378,37.802592,37.803432,37.803525,37.803684,37.803815,37.803883,37.804023,37.804361,37.804529,37.804606,37.804664,37.804717,37.804775,37.804821,37.804952,37.804986,37.805017,37.805094,37.805145,37.805234,37.805332,37.805437,37.805642,37.805824,37.806463,37.806966,37.807871,37.808142,37.808213,37.808329,37.808443,37.808551,37.808774,37.80887,37.809445,37.809541,37.809584,37.809652,37.809753,37.809825,37.810038,37.810082,37.81014,37.810199,37.810237,37.810353,37.810475,37.810485,37.810489,37.81048,37.81045,37.810411,37.810345,37.810325,37.810304,37.810302,37.81032,37.810343,37.810382,37.810434,37.810772,37.81137,37.811447,37.811534,37.811769,37.811907,37.812199,37.81264,37.812762,37.812861,37.813016,37.813057,37.813096,37.81312,37.81318,37.813208,37.813213,37.81325,37.813288,37.81334,37.81339,37.813479,37.813583,37.813774,37.814082,37.814197,37.814338,37.814421,37.814512,37.814815,37.815237,37.815856,37.81611,37.816236,37.816452,37.816594,37.816775,37.816894,37.817111,37.817188,37.817355,37.817776,37.817947,37.818094,37.818461,37.818882,37.819087,37.81927,37.819549,37.819766,37.819926,37.820246,37.820456,37.820642,37.82079,37.820873,37.82102,37.821148,37.821287,37.821351,37.821478,37.821498,37.821517,37.821592,37.821628,37.821744,37.821906,37.822217,37.822518,37.822952,37.823107,37.823606,37.82382,37.823981,37.824096,37.824246,37.824493,37.82489,37.825023,37.825188,37.825244,37.825276,37.825309,37.825331,37.82534,37.825338,37.825312,37.825277,37.825163,37.825109,37.825101,37.822699,37.815212,37.812895,37.809486,37.808098,37.80694,37.806442,37.80321,37.802134,37.801839,37.800182,37.799906,37.799757,37.799653,37.799473,37.799432,37.796782,37.796713,37.796434,37.794931,37.791127,37.790429,37.790299,37.789129,37.788982,37.788953,37.788847,37.788836,37.78882,37.788787,37.788777,37.788623,37.788432,37.788285,37.788067,37.787848,37.78763,37.787422,37.787204,37.786833,37.78662,37.786413,37.786075,37.785753,37.785705,37.785344,37.785104,37.784728,37.784499,37.784379,37.784292,37.784265,37.784178,37.784032,37.783699,37.783301,37.78309,37.783067,37.782974,37.782838,37.782686,37.782653,37.782594,37.782539,37.782408,37.782261,37.782176,37.78206,37.781798,37.781493,37.781324,37.781105,37.780881,37.78057,37.780078,37.779809,37.7797,37.779677,37.779666,37.779589,37.77944,37.779336,37.77933,37.779362,37.779313,37.77911,37.779099,37.778815,37.778448,37.778202,37.777847,37.777196,37.776508,37.776279,37.776043,37.775704,37.775403,37.774846,37.773677,37.77259,37.771869,37.771471,37.771187,37.771002,37.770931,37.770937,37.770948,37.771058,37.771059,37.771059,37.771059,37.77106,37.77106,37.771137,37.771285,37.771569,37.771995,37.772607,37.773324,37.773756,37.773951,37.773975,37.774025,37.774037,37.773968,37.773843,37.773785,37.773773,37.773615,37.773397,37.773292,37.773238,37.773174,37.773156,37.772983,37.772803,37.772535,37.77229,37.771881,37.771597,37.771303,37.771189,37.770889,37.770577,37.770485,37.770202,37.770175,37.770151,37.770069,37.769799,37.769483,37.7692,37.768911,37.768644,37.768252,37.767848,37.767396,37.766872,37.766436,37.766055,37.765706,37.76539,37.764959,37.764534,37.764474,37.764293,37.764185,37.763841,37.763548,37.763259,37.763107,37.762889,37.762815,37.762258,37.762252,37.762223,37.761811,37.761755,37.761669,37.761599,37.761545,37.761436,37.761289,37.761141,37.76106,37.7607,37.760535,37.760471,37.760436,37.760259,37.760085,37.759852,37.759763,37.759644,37.759409,37.759202,37.758858,37.758498,37.758219,37.757919,37.757722,37.757525,37.757372,37.757273,37.75724,37.757272,37.757305,37.757304,37.757254,37.757199,37.757084,37.757067,37.757191,37.757392,37.75768,37.757924,37.757961,37.758088,37.758383,37.758431,37.758907,37.759401,37.759635,37.759831,37.759928,37.759981,37.76004,37.760142,37.76018,37.760181,37.760167,37.759992,37.759729,37.759292,37.758604,37.757889,37.757588,37.75725,37.756807,37.756229,37.755574,37.75517,37.75457,37.754351,37.754122,37.753915,37.753566,37.752982,37.752415,37.752186,37.751891,37.751607,37.75122,37.750717,37.750253,37.749887,37.749592,37.749254,37.74903,37.748811,37.748571,37.747785,37.747212,37.746966,37.746824,37.746524,37.746109,37.745536,37.744991,37.744691,37.744314,37.743653,37.74291,37.742178,37.741763,37.741369,37.740987,37.74049,37.739808,37.738962,37.73823,37.737821,37.737505,37.73709,37.736817,37.736419,37.735863,37.735198,37.734664,37.734065,37.733608,37.733107,37.732769,37.732732,37.73259,37.732487,37.732411,37.732341,37.732275,37.732074,37.731812,37.731583,37.731021,37.730798,37.730471,37.730166,37.730006,37.729992,37.729867,37.729855,37.729837,37.729813,37.729727,37.729569,37.729362,37.72891,37.728638,37.728202,37.727569,37.727008,37.726572,37.726464,37.725885,37.725292,37.725049,37.724752,37.724644,37.7246,37.724584,37.724568,37.724511,37.724482,37.724319,37.723954,37.723928,37.723503,37.723286,37.723101,37.722894,37.72278,37.722747,37.722682,37.722661,37.722667,37.722678,37.722689,37.722662,37.722657,37.722647,37.722642,37.722664,37.722714,37.722758,37.722878,37.723062,37.72308,37.723132,37.723433,37.723582,37.724131,37.724352,37.725242,37.725869,37.72635,37.727299,37.727447,37.728299,37.729069,37.729435,37.729507,37.729507,37.729447,37.729377,37.729356,37.729329,37.729297,37.729259,37.729297,37.729369,37.72939,37.729462,37.729641,37.73028,37.73093,37.731362,37.731625,37.731814,37.732019,37.73209,37.732153,37.732177,37.732235,37.732364,37.732445,37.732593,37.732703,37.732712,37.732715,37.73272,37.732736,37.732741,37.732769,37.732781,37.732786,37.732779,37.732758,37.732724,37.73268,37.732656,37.732631,37.732635,37.73277,37.733071,37.733084,37.732943,37.732843,37.732744,37.732562,37.732543,37.732443,37.732399,37.732343,37.732143,37.73195,37.731843,37.731643,37.73162,37.731555,37.731318,37.731098,37.731081,37.731043,37.730843,37.730543,37.730445,37.730343,37.730043,37.729746,37.729443,37.729294,37.729258,37.729044,37.728843,37.728743,37.728643,37.728543,37.728243,37.728046,37.727843,37.727543,37.727243,37.726843,37.726143,37.725543,37.725345,37.725245,37.725211,37.725143,37.725044,37.724945,37.724643,37.724543,37.724145,37.722823,37.722443,37.722245,37.721943,37.721643,37.721343,37.721043,37.720965,37.720643,37.720613,37.720343,37.720243,37.719943,37.719743,37.719243,37.719143,37.718942,37.718843,37.718743,37.718692,37.718344,37.718144,37.717743,37.717343,37.717244,37.716643,37.716566,37.716405,37.716262,37.716154,37.716039,37.71575,37.715675,37.715656,37.715515,37.715441,37.715343,37.714951,37.714892,37.714643,37.714544,37.714243,37.713944,37.713543,37.713244,37.712843,37.712443,37.712243,37.712043,37.711881,37.711543,37.71137,37.711143,37.710643,37.710543,37.710143,37.709743,37.709343,37.709051,37.70866,37.707743,37.707443,37.706743,37.706543,37.706143,37.705743,37.705572,37.705443,37.705243,37.704943,37.704906,37.704743,37.703943,37.703543,37.703143,37.702443,37.701943,37.701643,37.701343,37.70053,37.700443,37.700443,37.700443,37.700343,37.700341,37.700043,37.699643,37.699443,37.699243,37.698743,37.698443,37.698143,37.697743,37.697443,37.696943,37.696643,37.696443,37.695943,37.695731,37.695643,37.695612,37.695543,37.69534,37.695143,37.69503,37.694943,37.694843,37.694643,37.694343,37.694043,37.693643,37.693343,37.692743,37.692543,37.692243,37.692043,37.691743,37.691143,37.690606,37.690543,37.690508,37.690443,37.690392,37.690343,37.689843,37.689706,37.689443,37.689224,37.689043,37.688543,37.688243,37.687643,37.687243,37.687212,37.686843,37.686743,37.68659,37.686443,37.686417,37.686349,37.686445,37.68646,37.686461,37.686425,37.686369,37.686308,37.686239,37.686207,37.686104,37.685962,37.685927,37.685893,37.685716,37.685575,37.685363,37.685155,37.684884,37.684746,37.684477,37.684317,37.684099,37.683675,37.683608,37.683421,37.683319,37.683262,37.683156,37.682962,37.682832,37.682786,37.682719,37.682691,37.682042,37.681947,37.68192,37.681872,37.681789,37.681697,37.681677,37.681673,37.681742,37.681704,37.681665,37.681613,37.681443,37.681443,37.681343,37.681343,37.681342,37.681242,37.681042,37.680983,37.680895,37.680887,37.680823,37.680798,37.680778,37.680742,37.680678,37.680541,37.680476,37.680459,37.680444,37.680436,37.680341,37.68026,37.680252,37.680241,37.680141,37.680129,37.680046,37.679972,37.679941,37.67934,37.67914,37.678775,37.678588,37.67854,37.678493,37.678428,37.678363,37.678289,37.678264,37.678035,37.677977,37.677941,37.677749,37.677639,37.67747,37.677454,37.677435,37.677371,37.677294,37.677291,37.67729,37.67729,37.677287,37.67729,37.677313,37.677396,37.677504,37.677578,37.677676,37.677678,37.677723,37.677758,37.677889,37.678027,37.678215,37.678551,37.678732,37.679012,37.679326,37.67965,37.680181,37.680543,37.680833,37.680866,37.680905,37.680971,37.680997,37.681058,37.681119,37.681387,37.681532,37.681689,37.681833,37.682059,37.682069,37.682233,37.682333,37.682733,37.683133,37.683257,37.683734,37.684334,37.684577,37.684834,37.685334,37.685735,37.686135,37.686535,37.687135,37.687859,37.6881,37.688123,37.688154,37.68888,37.688903,37.688936,37.689313,37.689537,37.689776,37.689937,37.690106,37.690118,37.690337,37.690938,37.691324,37.691336,37.691507,37.691518,37.691532,37.69156,37.69163,37.692734,37.692787,37.692837,37.692875,37.692941,37.693043,37.69333,37.693337,37.693344,37.693359,37.693437,37.693777,37.693845,37.694046,37.694438,37.694939,37.695217,37.695539,37.695839,37.69624,37.696455,37.696615,37.696635,37.696642,37.69665,37.69704,37.697269,37.697441,37.697641,37.697741,37.697963,37.698242,37.698342,37.698359,37.698368,37.698373,37.698381,37.698398,37.698435,37.698439,37.698442,37.698542,37.698553,37.698555,37.698643,37.69866,37.698664,37.698704,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698743,37.698543,37.698543,37.698443,37.698343,37.698143,37.697843,37.697543,37.697243,37.696943,37.696754,37.696543,37.696343,37.696131,37.696043,37.695743,37.695177,37.695143,37.694743,37.694043,37.693443,37.693401,37.692943,37.692616,37.692243,37.691443,37.690843,37.690343,37.689743,37.689143,37.688743,37.688143,37.687757,37.687643,37.687502,37.68732,37.687137,37.687043,37.686643,37.686243,37.686015,37.685743,37.685543,37.685143,37.684943,37.684743,37.684443,37.684039,37.683943,37.683843,37.683743,37.683385,37.683143,37.682996,37.682643,37.682143,37.681643,37.681378,37.681347,37.681243,37.680843,37.680443,37.680268,37.680188,37.679843,37.679337,37.679242,37.678943,37.678643,37.678143,37.677943,37.677343,37.676943,37.676743,37.676443,37.676243,37.676043,37.675943,37.675709,37.675661,37.675643,37.675343,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675143,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.675043,37.674943,37.674943,37.675032,37.675043,37.675043,37.674943,37.674914,37.674912,37.674843,37.674743,37.674543,37.674543,37.674343,37.674291,37.674243,37.674143,37.674043,37.673943,37.673843,37.673735,37.673635,37.673599,37.673555,37.673527,37.673523,37.673443,37.673143,37.672943,37.672843,37.672646,37.672637,37.672443,37.671938,37.671848,37.671793,37.671751,37.671728,37.671685,37.67165,37.671142,37.670644,37.670546,37.67051,37.670472,37.670242,37.670191,37.669042,37.668943,37.668876,37.668855,37.668844,37.668756,37.668733,37.668639,37.668192,37.667944,37.667343,37.666445,37.666066,37.665146,37.664344,37.664051,37.664018,37.663945,37.66324,37.662643,37.662441,37.66203,37.662008,37.661942,37.661856,37.661799,37.661681,37.661543,37.661366,37.661348,37.661144,37.661012,37.660749,37.660252,37.660045,37.659729,37.659629,37.659216,37.659081,37.658746,37.658608,37.65815,37.657908,37.657727,37.657528,37.657468,37.657369,37.657259,37.657083,37.657039,37.656957,37.65688,37.65683,37.656803,37.656709,37.656389,37.656374,37.656374,37.656112,37.65585,37.655206,37.655168,37.655148,37.654748,37.654448,37.654348,37.654048,37.653848,37.653461,37.653448,37.653415,37.653248,37.652647,37.652047,37.651647,37.651147,37.650547,37.650147,37.649646,37.649046,37.648893,37.648869,37.648646,37.648546,37.648446,37.648146,37.648101,37.648089,37.648081,37.647946,37.647846,37.647545,37.647345,37.647345,37.646945,37.646903,37.646895,37.646549,37.646508,37.646454,37.646296,37.646229,37.646045,37.645745,37.64565,37.645453,37.645244,37.644433,37.644391,37.644142,37.643844,37.643698,37.643678,37.643639,37.643241,37.64317,37.643128,37.642743,37.642343,37.641952,37.641943,37.641903,37.641843,37.641696,37.641644,37.641668,37.641689,37.641688,37.641657,37.641608,37.641543,37.641485,37.641306,37.641046,37.640912,37.640873,37.640853,37.640832,37.640642,37.640526,37.640262,37.640062,37.639755,37.63956,37.63956,37.639457,37.639068,37.63884,37.638583,37.638557,37.638536,37.63844,37.638259,37.638132,37.637935,37.637788,37.637772,37.637761,37.637739,37.637678,37.637615,37.637443,37.637044,37.636741,37.636703,37.636645,37.636646,37.636646,37.636546,37.636546,37.636345,37.636045,37.635944,37.635844,37.635637,37.635543,37.635386,37.635379,37.635214,37.635206,37.635143,37.634843,37.63481,37.634743,37.634666,37.634643,37.634609,37.634576,37.634443,37.634383,37.634362,37.634314,37.634293,37.634263,37.634218,37.634143,37.634138,37.634133,37.634077,37.633943,37.63395,37.63396,37.633968,37.633993,37.634043,37.633943,37.633943,37.633985,37.634004,37.634015,37.634024,37.634043,37.634043,37.634036,37.634035,37.63403,37.63401,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633943,37.633876,37.633851,37.633845,37.633843,37.633842,37.633766,37.633742,37.633698,37.633696,37.633693,37.633691,37.633687,37.633679,37.633642,37.633616,37.633609,37.633542,37.633442,37.633342,37.633257,37.633243,37.633042,37.632442,37.632442,37.632242,37.632042,37.631942,37.63187,37.631742,37.631642,37.631542,37.631642,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.631742,37.63175,37.631842,37.631918,37.631924,37.631926,37.631928,37.631942,37.631997,37.632019,37.632025,37.632027,37.632029,37.632042,37.632142,37.632209,37.632226,37.632229,37.632242,37.632276,37.632292,37.632442,37.632642,37.632842,37.633142,37.633542,37.633842,37.634242,37.634442,37.634542,37.634642,37.634742,37.634742,37.634792,37.634942,37.635042,37.635065,37.635088,37.635349,37.63561,37.635642,37.635907,37.635924,37.635942,37.635947,37.635952,37.636047,37.636142,37.636542,37.636942,37.636976,37.637006,37.637642,37.637818,37.637894,37.638442,37.638548,37.638559,37.638616,37.638673,37.638678,37.638744,37.638725,37.638539,37.638232,37.638194,37.638042,37.638045,37.638071,37.638073,37.638093,37.638097,37.638136,37.638197,37.6382,37.638226,37.63873,37.639733,37.640343,37.640378,37.640935,37.642038,37.642542,37.642588,37.642634,37.642638,37.642642,37.642518,37.642395,37.642384,37.642374,37.642342,37.642326,37.64218,37.642033,37.641942,37.641244,37.641236,37.641232,37.641214,37.641142,37.64044,37.639737,37.639671,37.639605,37.639542,37.637142,37.635817,37.635742,37.635688,37.63541,37.634642,37.634139,37.633642,37.632969,37.632742,37.631842,37.630642,37.630548,37.629442,37.627442,37.627229,37.627096,37.626964,37.625942,37.625242,37.624142,37.623342,37.622742,37.621742,37.621142,37.620442,37.619642,37.619176,37.619142,37.619002,37.618992,37.618623,37.618524,37.618287,37.617715,37.616869,37.616683,37.616589,37.616552,37.616342,37.61584,37.61544,37.61474,37.614575,37.61454,37.61404,37.61364,37.61264,37.61224,37.61174,37.61114,37.61074,37.610257,37.609854,37.60974,37.60934,37.609264,37.608741,37.608141,37.607341,37.606341,37.605741,37.604441,37.602744,37.602729,37.601741,37.600443,37.600395,37.600364,37.600108,37.599441,37.598941,37.598665,37.598655,37.598601,37.598529,37.598389,37.598344,37.598204,37.598198,37.598192,37.598177,37.59817,37.597641,37.597614,37.59757,37.597545,37.597523,37.597356,37.597241,37.597041,37.596741,37.596597,37.596042,37.595712,37.595564,37.595415,37.595342,37.595322,37.595264,37.594997,37.594838,37.594679,37.594642,37.594516,37.593242,37.591242,37.590542,37.59007,37.58943,37.58924,37.589147,37.588439,37.587932,37.5877,37.587539,37.586895,37.585863,37.585744,37.585455,37.583134,37.582996,37.582863,37.582682,37.582088,37.582042,37.5811,37.580942,37.580146,37.580042,37.579538,37.579042,37.578142,37.577893,37.577668,37.577442,37.577248,37.577052,37.577045,37.576582,37.576442,37.575642,37.575042,37.574342,37.574279,37.57391,37.573542,37.572742,37.572042,37.571752,37.571643,37.571592,37.571542,37.571149,37.570542,37.569742,37.568961,37.568942,37.568367,37.568152,37.568142,37.56792,37.5679,37.56788,37.567161,37.565559,37.564658,37.563643,37.563549,37.563538,37.563512,37.563497,37.563491,37.563233,37.563193,37.563181,37.563045,37.562214,37.562206,37.5622,37.562045,37.562,37.561996,37.561993,37.561948,37.561938,37.561931,37.561927,37.561654,37.561351,37.561198,37.56119,37.561156,37.56075,37.559822,37.55981,37.559748,37.559247,37.559004,37.558985,37.558046,37.556644,37.555543,37.555452,37.555041,37.554742,37.554668,37.554331,37.553942,37.553542,37.553409,37.553383,37.553359,37.553243,37.553108,37.552953,37.552742,37.552642,37.552642,37.552542,37.552446,37.55235,37.552242,37.551642,37.551433,37.551042,37.550846,37.550242,37.550157,37.550015,37.549873,37.549346,37.54915,37.548797,37.548748,37.548535,37.548496,37.548243,37.54793,37.547617,37.547242,37.545742,37.544442,37.544416,37.544343,37.544184,37.544026,37.543343,37.542775,37.541656,37.541304,37.540846,37.539754,37.539218,37.539047,37.538687,37.538629,37.538583,37.538477,37.538209,37.537989,37.537783,37.537743,37.5377,37.537342,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536942,37.536898,37.536856,37.536845,37.536793,37.536789,37.53678,37.536735,37.536625,37.53657,37.536547,37.536544,37.536535,37.536507,37.536431,37.53642,37.536417,37.536409,37.536346,37.536214,37.536111,37.536108,37.536104,37.536083,37.536062,37.535852,37.535642,37.535642,37.535642,37.535742,37.535827,37.53594,37.535971,37.535973,37.535974,37.535976,37.535979,37.535987,37.536006,37.536041,37.536041,37.536054,37.536056,37.53606,37.536062,37.536064,37.536074,37.536101,37.536102,37.536104,37.536119,37.53614,37.536265,37.536269,37.536342,37.53643,37.536466,37.536491,37.536497,37.536575,37.536583,37.536589,37.536839,37.537139,37.537257,37.53726,37.537271,37.537282,37.537369,37.537424,37.537431,37.537538,37.537725,37.537746,37.537801,37.537856,37.537938,37.538022,37.53805,37.538119,37.538168,37.538171,37.538177,37.538338,37.538622,37.538628,37.538639,37.538647,37.538705,37.538712,37.538721,37.53883,37.538842,37.539041,37.539237,37.539299,37.539305,37.539358,37.539574,37.539789,37.539843,37.540103,37.540276,37.54043,37.540489,37.54049,37.540518,37.540669,37.540685,37.540827,37.54088,37.541213,37.54143,37.541513,37.541568,37.541743,37.541858,37.54188,37.542298,37.542338,37.542351,37.54236,37.542414,37.542945,37.542971,37.543173,37.543199,37.543235,37.543269,37.543319,37.543739,37.5438,37.543895,37.544168,37.544441,37.544674,37.544702,37.544716,37.544841,37.544952,37.545056,37.545094,37.5451,37.545113,37.54535,37.545415,37.54542,37.54544,37.545143,37.544906,37.54475,37.544742,37.54455,37.544448,37.544127,37.544109,37.543941,37.543357,37.54335,37.543269,37.543244,37.543234,37.543004,37.542999,37.542745,37.542631,37.542518,37.542476,37.542471,37.542433,37.542242,37.542243,37.54217,37.542162,37.542167,37.542154,37.54215,37.542142,37.542141,37.542141,37.542125,37.542109,37.542042,37.542073,37.542081,37.542084,37.542092,37.542102,37.54213,37.54231,37.542342,37.542486,37.542642,37.542842,37.543545,37.543603,37.543667,37.544179,37.544243,37.54434,37.544519,37.544539,37.544742,37.54488,37.544932,37.544945,37.545282,37.54532,37.545349,37.545422,37.545625,37.54604,37.546261,37.546335,37.5464,37.546435,37.546479,37.546685,37.547039,37.547337,37.547345,37.547361,37.54739,37.547521,37.547533,37.547539,37.547747,37.547854,37.547951,37.547993,37.548018,37.548443,37.54884,37.548849,37.548888,37.548945,37.548945,37.548944,37.548948,37.548949,37.548947,37.548926,37.548848,37.548748,37.5487,37.548666,37.548663,37.548614,37.548553,37.548546,37.548537,37.548532,37.548515,37.548488,37.548449,37.548373,37.548263,37.548175,37.548087,37.547912,37.547741,37.547642,37.547515,37.547444,37.547378,37.547296,37.547186,37.547076,37.546909,37.546883,37.546778,37.546765,37.546714,37.546691,37.546663,37.546423,37.546357,37.54633,37.546317,37.546308,37.546286,37.54628,37.546297,37.546595,37.546616,37.546682,37.546752,37.546759,37.546858,37.546984,37.547166,37.547468,37.547765,37.54804,37.548134,37.548359,37.548425,37.548475,37.548645,37.549167,37.549354,37.549601,37.54981,37.550018,37.550079,37.55015,37.550235,37.55027,37.550306,37.550348,37.550601,37.550661,37.550683,37.550683,37.550606,37.550524,37.550518,37.550402,37.550392,37.550276,37.550167,37.550112,37.549673,37.549277,37.549227,37.549206,37.549123,37.549073,37.549033,37.549021,37.548998,37.548805,37.548349,37.54785,37.547729,37.54747,37.547304,37.547246,37.547081,37.546944,37.546917,37.54685,37.546812,37.546795,37.546806,37.546828,37.546955,37.54712,37.547411,37.547559,37.547801,37.547988,37.548165,37.548334,37.548384,37.548417,37.548417,37.548413,37.5484,37.548362,37.548303,37.5483,37.548291,37.548214,37.548044,37.547923,37.547874,37.54783,37.547808,37.547794,37.54778,37.547764,37.547731,37.547605,37.547545,37.547484,37.547435,37.547352,37.547254,37.547072,37.546957,37.5469,37.546831,37.546786,37.546719,37.546661,37.546638,37.546625,37.54654,37.546445,37.546364,37.546331,37.546254,37.546193,37.546128,37.546029,37.545906,37.545529,37.545465,37.545444,37.545381,37.545079,37.545035,37.544969,37.544892,37.544749,37.544634,37.544557,37.544458,37.544404,37.544395,37.544385,37.544365,37.544348,37.54434,37.544338,37.544311,37.544267,37.544228,37.544173,37.544002,37.543955,37.543822,37.543778,37.543723,37.543646,37.543609,37.543569,37.543563,37.543559,37.543569,37.543586,37.543616,37.543647,37.543701,37.543712,37.543718,37.543723,37.543707,37.543691,37.543658,37.543597,37.543475,37.543328,37.543224,37.543185,37.543163,37.543131,37.543142,37.543147,37.54318,37.543241,37.54328,37.543426,37.543587,37.543658,37.543702,37.543713,37.543669,37.54366,37.543655,37.543647,37.543642,37.543659,37.543697,37.543774,37.543857,37.543956,37.543994,37.544269,37.544307,37.544406,37.544505,37.544587,37.544686,37.544939,37.544994,37.545054,37.545131,37.545235,37.545312,37.545411,37.545691,37.545955,37.54606,37.546153,37.546159,37.546181,37.546214,37.546252,37.546744,37.546804,37.546843,37.546857,37.546871,37.546937,37.547076,37.556522,37.556707,37.55798,37.558652,37.558676,37.558709,37.558754,37.558763,37.558779,37.558805,37.563903,37.564063,37.566833,37.568716,37.569625,37.569673,37.570109,37.573564,37.575671,37.576404,37.579319,37.579363,37.579898,37.579921,37.5812,37.581211,37.581226,37.581283,37.586869,37.587079,37.587982,37.588,37.58801,37.588262,37.589581,37.596891,37.599322,37.599788,37.600223,37.603706,37.603763,37.60382,37.603872,37.603923,37.607016,37.607839,37.611047,37.613748,37.61385,37.613862,37.613874,37.61396,37.6157,37.616045,37.616075,37.616692,37.617178,37.624546,37.624709,37.625383,37.625529,37.625542,37.625604,37.633349,37.634403,37.63457,37.634588,37.634683,37.634828,37.635168,37.63545,37.636627,37.636651,37.636847,37.6369,37.63694,37.638531,37.641227,37.647016,37.647048]}]],[[{"lng":[-79.172135,-79.172132,-79.172129,-79.172086,-79.172035,-79.171981,-79.171914,-79.171843,-79.171737,-79.171591,-79.171468,-79.171355,-79.171267,-79.171165,-79.171034,-79.17087,-79.170698,-79.170498,-79.170289,-79.170127,-79.169977,-79.169836,-79.169783,-79.16924,-79.168955,-79.168534,-79.168355,-79.168217,-79.167842,-79.167584,-79.167416,-79.167275,-79.167139,-79.167036,-79.166958,-79.166894,-79.166846,-79.166813,-79.166794,-79.166787,-79.166788,-79.166803,-79.166832,-79.166864,-79.166896,-79.166935,-79.166957,-79.166948,-79.166909,-79.166854,-79.166787,-79.166723,-79.166665,-79.166597,-79.166508,-79.166388,-79.166233,-79.166109,-79.165992,-79.165861,-79.165741,-79.165634,-79.165531,-79.165386,-79.165245,-79.165111,-79.165035,-79.164981,-79.164926,-79.164888,-79.164854,-79.164831,-79.164814,-79.164818,-79.164847,-79.164889,-79.164928,-79.164974,-79.165027,-79.165073,-79.165122,-79.16515,-79.165179,-79.165193,-79.165197,-79.165191,-79.165175,-79.165128,-79.165077,-79.165026,-79.164955,-79.164877,-79.164789,-79.164708,-79.164643,-79.164559,-79.16448,-79.164409,-79.164341,-79.164297,-79.164242,-79.16417,-79.164105,-79.164036,-79.163943,-79.163798,-79.163674,-79.163557,-79.163394,-79.163218,-79.163038,-79.162885,-79.162737,-79.16256,-79.162359,-79.16219,-79.162037,-79.161993,-79.161981,-79.161915,-79.161829,-79.161746,-79.161677,-79.161543,-79.161445,-79.161409,-79.161365,-79.161324,-79.161259,-79.161177,-79.161105,-79.161026,-79.160924,-79.160807,-79.16069,-79.160556,-79.160415,-79.160264,-79.16012,-79.16,-79.159859,-79.159749,-79.159642,-79.159549,-79.159474,-79.159398,-79.159295,-79.159179,-79.159043,-79.158888,-79.158736,-79.158629,-79.158529,-79.158436,-79.158343,-79.158181,-79.15812,-79.158075,-79.158032,-79.158016,-79.158017,-79.158021,-79.158047,-79.158103,-79.158163,-79.158226,-79.158307,-79.158381,-79.158447,-79.158517,-79.158604,-79.158716,-79.158852,-79.159022,-79.159162,-79.159311,-79.159451,-79.159576,-79.159702,-79.159827,-79.159959,-79.160091,-79.160164,-79.160224,-79.160259,-79.160274,-79.160271,-79.160248,-79.160214,-79.160166,-79.160098,-79.159978,-79.159878,-79.159769,-79.159659,-79.15956,-79.159468,-79.159358,-79.159238,-79.159104,-79.159002,-79.158913,-79.158803,-79.158727,-79.158655,-79.158583,-79.158462,-79.158321,-79.158155,-79.158066,-79.157986,-79.157907,-79.157827,-79.157748,-79.157721,-79.157774,-79.157886,-79.157952,-79.158022,-79.158105,-79.158199,-79.158321,-79.158457,-79.158571,-79.158697,-79.158815,-79.158922,-79.15903,-79.15918,-79.159309,-79.159399,-79.159498,-79.159598,-79.159733,-79.159796,-79.159907,-79.160022,-79.16013,-79.160152,-79.160114,-79.159979,-79.159865,-79.159795,-79.159699,-79.159585,-79.159454,-79.159326,-79.159222,-79.159129,-79.158964,-79.158802,-79.158667,-79.158526,-79.158365,-79.158206,-79.158089,-79.157984,-79.157899,-79.157824,-79.157756,-79.157708,-79.15766,-79.157582,-79.157469,-79.157379,-79.157304,-79.157228,-79.15717,-79.157112,-79.157064,-79.157019,-79.157002,-79.156992,-79.156983,-79.156981,-79.156991,-79.157009,-79.157056,-79.157104,-79.157181,-79.157251,-79.157321,-79.157374,-79.157416,-79.157454,-79.157483,-79.157494,-79.157478,-79.157458,-79.157438,-79.157404,-79.157329,-79.157229,-79.15713,-79.157027,-79.156913,-79.156758,-79.156565,-79.15641,-79.156251,-79.156099,-79.155947,-79.155803,-79.155675,-79.155544,-79.155396,-79.155231,-79.155097,-79.154963,-79.154856,-79.154757,-79.154674,-79.15461,-79.154568,-79.154547,-79.154537,-79.154531,-79.154536,-79.154554,-79.154562,-79.154595,-79.154616,-79.154645,-79.154694,-79.15474,-79.154789,-79.154856,-79.15494,-79.155017,-79.155094,-79.155219,-79.155512,-79.155675,-79.155814,-79.155985,-79.156159,-79.156311,-79.156451,-79.156604,-79.156732,-79.156844,-79.156896,-79.157003,-79.157135,-79.157267,-79.157372,-79.157455,-79.15754,-79.157596,-79.157618,-79.157636,-79.157683,-79.15776,-79.157838,-79.157915,-79.158006,-79.158067,-79.15821,-79.158298,-79.158348,-79.158442,-79.158557,-79.158675,-79.158742,-79.158794,-79.158843,-79.15891,-79.158973,-79.159026,-79.159051,-79.159058,-79.159049,-79.159036,-79.159023,-79.159002,-79.158987,-79.158963,-79.158948,-79.15887,-79.158777,-79.158715,-79.158632,-79.158521,-79.158335,-79.158197,-79.158072,-79.157948,-79.157821,-79.157721,-79.157635,-79.157545,-79.157446,-79.15737,-79.157312,-79.157268,-79.157217,-79.157205,-79.157202,-79.15719,-79.157123,-79.157089,-79.157066,-79.15705,-79.157037,-79.157031,-79.157032,-79.157016,-79.156964,-79.156889,-79.156797,-79.156718,-79.156642,-79.156567,-79.156491,-79.156419,-79.156378,-79.156351,-79.156345,-79.15636,-79.156381,-79.156402,-79.156424,-79.156442,-79.156453,-79.156405,-79.156343,-79.156258,-79.156192,-79.156117,-79.156024,-79.155917,-79.15582,-79.155744,-79.155654,-79.155537,-79.155406,-79.155302,-79.155205,-79.155057,-79.154905,-79.154764,-79.154678,-79.154596,-79.15451,-79.154407,-79.154339,-79.154271,-79.154192,-79.154103,-79.154004,-79.153936,-79.15386,-79.153757,-79.153654,-79.153561,-79.153467,-79.153395,-79.15333,-79.153279,-79.153186,-79.153135,-79.153119,-79.153134,-79.153166,-79.153205,-79.153241,-79.153283,-79.153333,-79.153396,-79.153435,-79.153452,-79.153488,-79.153499,-79.153493,-79.15347,-79.153436,-79.153428,-79.153389,-79.153327,-79.153235,-79.153149,-79.153095,-79.153082,-79.153083,-79.153101,-79.153126,-79.153155,-79.15319,-79.153218,-79.153233,-79.153226,-79.153196,-79.153159,-79.153111,-79.153015,-79.152912,-79.152823,-79.152748,-79.152641,-79.152493,-79.152314,-79.152169,-79.152024,-79.151865,-79.151703,-79.151555,-79.151448,-79.151334,-79.151183,-79.150993,-79.150834,-79.150692,-79.150661,-79.150523,-79.150306,-79.150189,-79.150037,-79.149903,-79.149757,-79.149607,-79.14949,-79.149391,-79.149264,-79.149247,-79.149158,-79.149053,-79.148971,-79.14889,-79.148794,-79.148712,-79.148638,-79.148569,-79.148518,-79.148457,-79.148378,-79.148264,-79.148133,-79.147972,-79.147962,-79.147782,-79.147638,-79.147497,-79.147342,-79.14718,-79.147043,-79.146926,-79.146785,-79.146582,-79.146457,-79.146353,-79.146229,-79.146083,-79.145942,-79.145814,-79.145662,-79.145521,-79.145374,-79.145219,-79.145103,-79.145004,-79.144915,-79.144795,-79.144717,-79.14459,-79.144473,-79.144388,-79.144351,-79.144332,-79.144336,-79.144354,-79.144373,-79.14439,-79.144456,-79.144526,-79.144603,-79.144694,-79.144781,-79.144854,-79.144924,-79.144958,-79.145029,-79.145085,-79.145131,-79.145063,-79.14493,-79.144841,-79.144776,-79.144704,-79.144621,-79.144528,-79.144454,-79.144329,-79.144229,-79.144133,-79.144051,-79.143997,-79.143963,-79.143947,-79.143958,-79.143987,-79.144002,-79.144027,-79.144072,-79.144142,-79.144223,-79.144296,-79.144314,-79.144325,-79.144374,-79.144444,-79.144521,-79.144621,-79.144736,-79.144875,-79.145032,-79.145164,-79.145299,-79.145439,-79.145554,-79.145662,-79.145804,-79.146,-79.146206,-79.146355,-79.146495,-79.146651,-79.14678,-79.146892,-79.146999,-79.147135,-79.147278,-79.147424,-79.14751,-79.147604,-79.147715,-79.147736,-79.147816,-79.147899,-79.147979,-79.148076,-79.148175,-79.148256,-79.148389,-79.148517,-79.148632,-79.148699,-79.148741,-79.14878,-79.148843,-79.148909,-79.148962,-79.149015,-79.149058,-79.149097,-79.149108,-79.149126,-79.149151,-79.149176,-79.149205,-79.149254,-79.149346,-79.149428,-79.149481,-79.149553,-79.149653,-79.14972,-79.149779,-79.149836,-79.149892,-79.149961,-79.150005,-79.150057,-79.150137,-79.150249,-79.150364,-79.150455,-79.150556,-79.150667,-79.150803,-79.15091,-79.151027,-79.151149,-79.151277,-79.151378,-79.151455,-79.151508,-79.151537,-79.151524,-79.151504,-79.151467,-79.151392,-79.151292,-79.151196,-79.151114,-79.151038,-79.150966,-79.150877,-79.150757,-79.150496,-79.150289,-79.150048,-79.149825,-79.149628,-79.14945,-79.149277,-79.149095,-79.148901,-79.148755,-79.148628,-79.148469,-79.148409,-79.148338,-79.148204,-79.148076,-79.147959,-79.147827,-79.147773,-79.147668,-79.147488,-79.147333,-79.147317,-79.147305,-79.147183,-79.147031,-79.146949,-79.146904,-79.146805,-79.146716,-79.146651,-79.146601,-79.146564,-79.146537,-79.146548,-79.14658,-79.146623,-79.146661,-79.146719,-79.146749,-79.146809,-79.146883,-79.146949,-79.147033,-79.147156,-79.147271,-79.147376,-79.147459,-79.14755,-79.147662,-79.147767,-79.147854,-79.147948,-79.147997,-79.148095,-79.148172,-79.148141,-79.148011,-79.147911,-79.147814,-79.147721,-79.147621,-79.147528,-79.147119,-79.146903,-79.1468,-79.146704,-79.146621,-79.146552,-79.146498,-79.146457,-79.146431,-79.146418,-79.146412,-79.146413,-79.146407,-79.146393,-79.146377,-79.146346,-79.146323,-79.146303,-79.146314,-79.146339,-79.146371,-79.146413,-79.146486,-79.146556,-79.146601,-79.146602,-79.146581,-79.146554,-79.146483,-79.14665,-79.146788,-79.146894,-79.146964,-79.147062,-79.14718,-79.147271,-79.147344,-79.147428,-79.147543,-79.147612,-79.147692,-79.147786,-79.14789,-79.147983,-79.148111,-79.148212,-79.148334,-79.148372,-79.148423,-79.14851,-79.148607,-79.148701,-79.148768,-79.148837,-79.148941,-79.149073,-79.149247,-79.149382,-79.149515,-79.149705,-79.149896,-79.150048,-79.150139,-79.150253,-79.150382,-79.150458,-79.150527,-79.15059,-79.150688,-79.150765,-79.150776,-79.150791,-79.150817,-79.150825,-79.150836,-79.15084,-79.150868,-79.150932,-79.151009,-79.151086,-79.151169,-79.15126,-79.151351,-79.151435,-79.151509,-79.151557,-79.151616,-79.151676,-79.151721,-79.15176,-79.151788,-79.151806,-79.151814,-79.151825,-79.151822,-79.151802,-79.151788,-79.151765,-79.151721,-79.151673,-79.151615,-79.151539,-79.151475,-79.15142,-79.151396,-79.151376,-79.151353,-79.151326,-79.15133,-79.151349,-79.151395,-79.15144,-79.151496,-79.151548,-79.151604,-79.151671,-79.15174,-79.151852,-79.151963,-79.152092,-79.152186,-79.152266,-79.152349,-79.152419,-79.152485,-79.152569,-79.152622,-79.152645,-79.152661,-79.152668,-79.152658,-79.152642,-79.152615,-79.152557,-79.152462,-79.152376,-79.152298,-79.152178,-79.152059,-79.151974,-79.151853,-79.151775,-79.151697,-79.151615,-79.151558,-79.151551,-79.151514,-79.151474,-79.151441,-79.151404,-79.151377,-79.151358,-79.151338,-79.151333,-79.151331,-79.151335,-79.151347,-79.151362,-79.151394,-79.151437,-79.151486,-79.151553,-79.151618,-79.151655,-79.151707,-79.151721,-79.151767,-79.151837,-79.151868,-79.15191,-79.15739,-79.156074,-79.154742,-79.153858,-79.153115,-79.152557,-79.151804,-79.151245,-79.15094,-79.150635,-79.150362,-79.149997,-79.149836,-79.149533,-79.148877,-79.14853,-79.148051,-79.147675,-79.147473,-79.147494,-79.147569,-79.147494,-79.147179,-79.146639,-79.146529,-79.146411,-79.146399,-79.145936,-79.144257,-79.143461,-79.14224,-79.141199,-79.141153,-79.139495,-79.13907,-79.138504,-79.13832,-79.137467,-79.136911,-79.136382,-79.136142,-79.135754,-79.135734,-79.135656,-79.135643,-79.135408,-79.13538,-79.134962,-79.134913,-79.134002,-79.133097,-79.130494,-79.130255,-79.129917,-79.129576,-79.129352,-79.128405,-79.128158,-79.12779,-79.12753,-79.127315,-79.126656,-79.125877,-79.124751,-79.123308,-79.122698,-79.12222,-79.12205,-79.121853,-79.121685,-79.121645,-79.121485,-79.121186,-79.121027,-79.120767,-79.120518,-79.119692,-79.11875,-79.118618,-79.118283,-79.117401,-79.117369,-79.117335,-79.117316,-79.117306,-79.116967,-79.11631,-79.116295,-79.116284,-79.116269,-79.116219,-79.116086,-79.115829,-79.115802,-79.11561,-79.114975,-79.114762,-79.114749,-79.114723,-79.114026,-79.111642,-79.111629,-79.111555,-79.110193,-79.109279,-79.10869,-79.107916,-79.107226,-79.106932,-79.106496,-79.106057,-79.105948,-79.10518,-79.104601,-79.10448,-79.104306,-79.103563,-79.103065,-79.102168,-79.101301,-79.100246,-79.099674,-79.099675,-79.099734,-79.099745,-79.099273,-79.099232,-79.099227,-79.099214,-79.099209,-79.099173,-79.099141,-79.099121,-79.099093,-79.098904,-79.098271,-79.09754,-79.096279,-79.094102,-79.093136,-79.091223,-79.089951,-79.089609,-79.089235,-79.08863,-79.088129,-79.087708,-79.087378,-79.087331,-79.087319,-79.087307,-79.087123,-79.08672,-79.086674,-79.086597,-79.086578,-79.086337,-79.08602,-79.085756,-79.085714,-79.085631,-79.084455,-79.083525,-79.082069,-79.082046,-79.082035,-79.082019,-79.082005,-79.081995,-79.081912,-79.081724,-79.080357,-79.079706,-79.079163,-79.078307,-79.077565,-79.077263,-79.076887,-79.076401,-79.076006,-79.075719,-79.075039,-79.073856,-79.073666,-79.073572,-79.072414,-79.07087,-79.070149,-79.069408,-79.069113,-79.068848,-79.068451,-79.067627,-79.066915,-79.066252,-79.06561,-79.064703,-79.063807,-79.062952,-79.062454,-79.062283,-79.061957,-79.061704,-79.061259,-79.060002,-79.058378,-79.057547,-79.057183,-79.056808,-79.055873,-79.054429,-79.053138,-79.052529,-79.052255,-79.052266,-79.052348,-79.052483,-79.052233,-79.051789,-79.051486,-79.051449,-79.051364,-79.050985,-79.050558,-79.050342,-79.050222,-79.049851,-79.049741,-79.049713,-79.049511,-79.049706,-79.050182,-79.049807,-79.049269,-79.047666,-79.046449,-79.045688,-79.045517,-79.045144,-79.044919,-79.044801,-79.04468,-79.044602,-79.044645,-79.044525,-79.044436,-79.044653,-79.044628,-79.044588,-79.044552,-79.044329,-79.044089,-79.04381,-79.042986,-79.041777,-79.039633,-79.037824,-79.036826,-79.036537,-79.035871,-79.034927,-79.033404,-79.032844,-79.032572,-79.032286,-79.032169,-79.031412,-79.03062,-79.02996,-79.028283,-79.02748,-79.027136,-79.026652,-79.026167,-79.02555,-79.024219,-79.023574,-79.022756,-79.022374,-79.021943,-79.021791,-79.02168,-79.021636,-79.021442,-79.021184,-79.02116,-79.020213,-79.020201,-79.020183,-79.019654,-79.019597,-79.019577,-79.019557,-79.019541,-79.019519,-79.018815,-79.017586,-79.017225,-79.017276,-79.017532,-79.017573,-79.017624,-79.017352,-79.017012,-79.0169,-79.016836,-79.016714,-79.016676,-79.016334,-79.016388,-79.016491,-79.016472,-79.015976,-79.014457,-79.012833,-79.012777,-79.012299,-79.011093,-79.010136,-79.010117,-79.010099,-79.010028,-79.009855,-79.009429,-79.008952,-79.008396,-79.008082,-79.007564,-79.007378,-79.007107,-79.006762,-79.006428,-79.00579,-79.005129,-79.004599,-79.002997,-79.002416,-79.001897,-79.001033,-79.000789,-79.000421,-78.999747,-78.999647,-78.999413,-78.999272,-78.999051,-78.99886,-78.99876,-78.998447,-78.997946,-78.997647,-78.997419,-78.997154,-78.996912,-78.996584,-78.996078,-78.995931,-78.995777,-78.995587,-78.99533,-78.995086,-78.994692,-78.994015,-78.993522,-78.992864,-78.992724,-78.992513,-78.992342,-78.992212,-78.992177,-78.992126,-78.992078,-78.992031,-78.991973,-78.99184,-78.991753,-78.991618,-78.991472,-78.991346,-78.991201,-78.99029,-78.990141,-78.990094,-78.990046,-78.989946,-78.989821,-78.989713,-78.989484,-78.989329,-78.989168,-78.989036,-78.988935,-78.988814,-78.988552,-78.988466,-78.98838,-78.988067,-78.987733,-78.987469,-78.987399,-78.987347,-78.987268,-78.98721,-78.987232,-78.987214,-78.987221,-78.987237,-78.987248,-78.987276,-78.987313,-78.987246,-78.986614,-78.986281,-78.986268,-78.985578,-78.985561,-78.985495,-78.985157,-78.985159,-78.98521,-78.985241,-78.985246,-78.985224,-78.985184,-78.985146,-78.98508,-78.985032,-78.984979,-78.984885,-78.984744,-78.984589,-78.984471,-78.984347,-78.983991,-78.983794,-78.983605,-78.983349,-78.982593,-78.981908,-78.981076,-78.980835,-78.980677,-78.980557,-78.980245,-78.979977,-78.979796,-78.979647,-78.979454,-78.979261,-78.979146,-78.979029,-78.978548,-78.978071,-78.977926,-78.977742,-78.977594,-78.977456,-78.977324,-78.977205,-78.977099,-78.977024,-78.976941,-78.976874,-78.976806,-78.976732,-78.976637,-78.976544,-78.97646,-78.976304,-78.976158,-78.976034,-78.975875,-78.975745,-78.975613,-78.973858,-78.973032,-78.972651,-78.972559,-78.972468,-78.972421,-78.972366,-78.972232,-78.972087,-78.971856,-78.971812,-78.97149,-78.970452,-78.970348,-78.970261,-78.97019,-78.970123,-78.97008,-78.97004,-78.970022,-78.970015,-78.970022,-78.970046,-78.970096,-78.970162,-78.970797,-78.97143,-78.972175,-78.972245,-78.972317,-78.972371,-78.972418,-78.972433,-78.972429,-78.972408,-78.972378,-78.972318,-78.972258,-78.972228,-78.972122,-78.971999,-78.971897,-78.971812,-78.971786,-78.971756,-78.971745,-78.971753,-78.971779,-78.971831,-78.971882,-78.971948,-78.972051,-78.972166,-78.972296,-78.972399,-78.972647,-78.973006,-78.973158,-78.973289,-78.973406,-78.973523,-78.973534,-78.973598,-78.973655,-78.973704,-78.973746,-78.97377,-78.973775,-78.973763,-78.973653,-78.973569,-78.973502,-78.973383,-78.97335,-78.97331,-78.973224,-78.97317,-78.973128,-78.973067,-78.973056,-78.97299,-78.972883,-78.972782,-78.972692,-78.972438,-78.97215,-78.972079,-78.971974,-78.971883,-78.971807,-78.971734,-78.971714,-78.971666,-78.971643,-78.971637,-78.971631,-78.971603,-78.971572,-78.971569,-78.971584,-78.97162,-78.971632,-78.971624,-78.971604,-78.971565,-78.971508,-78.971374,-78.971048,-78.970858,-78.970719,-78.970548,-78.970438,-78.970313,-78.970175,-78.970029,-78.969994,-78.969779,-78.969402,-78.968914,-78.968531,-78.968373,-78.96832,-78.967821,-78.967783,-78.967349,-78.967268,-78.966861,-78.966445,-78.96609,-78.965697,-78.965384,-78.965142,-78.964635,-78.964421,-78.964261,-78.964105,-78.963984,-78.963837,-78.963743,-78.963559,-78.963421,-78.96329,-78.963138,-78.963006,-78.962759,-78.962541,-78.962445,-78.962257,-78.962053,-78.961909,-78.961719,-78.961516,-78.961347,-78.961129,-78.960929,-78.960903,-78.960237,-78.960058,-78.959838,-78.959668,-78.959436,-78.959081,-78.959039,-78.958917,-78.958869,-78.958718,-78.95868,-78.958598,-78.958519,-78.958445,-78.958293,-78.958144,-78.957864,-78.957298,-78.957197,-78.956858,-78.956441,-78.956082,-78.954957,-78.954345,-78.954085,-78.953825,-78.953566,-78.953404,-78.953138,-78.952876,-78.952548,-78.951993,-78.95144,-78.951218,-78.950816,-78.950308,-78.950165,-78.949304,-78.949073,-78.948656,-78.946508,-78.945633,-78.944339,-78.943861,-78.943536,-78.943201,-78.942873,-78.942401,-78.942083,-78.941969,-78.941737,-78.941442,-78.941181,-78.940989,-78.940645,-78.940363,-78.939956,-78.939418,-78.939175,-78.938953,-78.93873,-78.93863,-78.937845,-78.937396,-78.937157,-78.936913,-78.936705,-78.936328,-78.935947,-78.935564,-78.935295,-78.935047,-78.934421,-78.934101,-78.932954,-78.932473,-78.931879,-78.930442,-78.929112,-78.928045,-78.927884,-78.926877,-78.926689,-78.925105,-78.924487,-78.924418,-78.923728,-78.922815,-78.922321,-78.922094,-78.921807,-78.920058,-78.918534,-78.918059,-78.917838,-78.917579,-78.91737,-78.917169,-78.917052,-78.916777,-78.916304,-78.91604,-78.914544,-78.913675,-78.91255,-78.912258,-78.911326,-78.911021,-78.910605,-78.910433,-78.910194,-78.909402,-78.908961,-78.908775,-78.907747,-78.907536,-78.907334,-78.907061,-78.906484,-78.90624,-78.906059,-78.905719,-78.905242,-78.90502,-78.904849,-78.904094,-78.902267,-78.902018,-78.901201,-78.901054,-78.900186,-78.89999,-78.899806,-78.899522,-78.899436,-78.899371,-78.899235,-78.898962,-78.898932,-78.898508,-78.898076,-78.897765,-78.897624,-78.897374,-78.897248,-78.896729,-78.896424,-78.896174,-78.89478,-78.894409,-78.893228,-78.892516,-78.890542,-78.889996,-78.889757,-78.889259,-78.888983,-78.888633,-78.888416,-78.88828,-78.887483,-78.887163,-78.886926,-78.8867,-78.886303,-78.885756,-78.885476,-78.885242,-78.884869,-78.884517,-78.884193,-78.8841,-78.88397,-78.883724,-78.883487,-78.883331,-78.883082,-78.882945,-78.882717,-78.882289,-78.88197,-78.881683,-78.880649,-78.879986,-78.879185,-78.878456,-78.878035,-78.87785,-78.877564,-78.877504,-78.877292,-78.877001,-78.876607,-78.876496,-78.876399,-78.87627,-78.875928,-78.875503,-78.874922,-78.874848,-78.873665,-78.873444,-78.871959,-78.870998,-78.870466,-78.870375,-78.870324,-78.870289,-78.870272,-78.870268,-78.870282,-78.870314,-78.870345,-78.870362,-78.87045,-78.870457,-78.870541,-78.870569,-78.870574,-78.870582,-78.870576,-78.870546,-78.870444,-78.870401,-78.870273,-78.870223,-78.869645,-78.869142,-78.868479,-78.868085,-78.867968,-78.867654,-78.867549,-78.867476,-78.867408,-78.867392,-78.867369,-78.867338,-78.86731,-78.867285,-78.867103,-78.867004,-78.866972,-78.866948,-78.866936,-78.866965,-78.867007,-78.867043,-78.867083,-78.867148,-78.867212,-78.867247,-78.867855,-78.867944,-78.868021,-78.868084,-78.868195,-78.868385,-78.868414,-78.868421,-78.868412,-78.868399,-78.868362,-78.868234,-78.867962,-78.867903,-78.867705,-78.867407,-78.867302,-78.867288,-78.867255,-78.867054,-78.866982,-78.866919,-78.86673,-78.866681,-78.866667,-78.866531,-78.86647,-78.866392,-78.866011,-78.865323,-78.864893,-78.864807,-78.864765,-78.864715,-78.864665,-78.864637,-78.864491,-78.864429,-78.864352,-78.864281,-78.86419,-78.864091,-78.863963,-78.863876,-78.863036,-78.861588,-78.860908,-78.860652,-78.860102,-78.858483,-78.85805,-78.857908,-78.857798,-78.857744,-78.857437,-78.856811,-78.856173,-78.855633,-78.85537,-78.85496,-78.854087,-78.853449,-78.852806,-78.85265,-78.852418,-78.852216,-78.851896,-78.851441,-78.851203,-78.850896,-78.85069,-78.850436,-78.850221,-78.850048,-78.849792,-78.849537,-78.849241,-78.849009,-78.84878,-78.848603,-78.848465,-78.848338,-78.848224,-78.84811,-78.847945,-78.847868,-78.847797,-78.847718,-78.847611,-78.847524,-78.847414,-78.847326,-78.847219,-78.847117,-78.847041,-78.84695,-78.846872,-78.846832,-78.846665,-78.846479,-78.846338,-78.846179,-78.845959,-78.845655,-78.845551,-78.845408,-78.845254,-78.84508,-78.844894,-78.8447,-78.8445,-78.844368,-78.844197,-78.842678,-78.842471,-78.842337,-78.842087,-78.841698,-78.841579,-78.84116,-78.840491,-78.839899,-78.839229,-78.83876,-78.838664,-78.837772,-78.837619,-78.837466,-78.837315,-78.837151,-78.836994,-78.836875,-78.836513,-78.836278,-78.836128,-78.835967,-78.835831,-78.8357,-78.835538,-78.8354,-78.835313,-78.835199,-78.835112,-78.835036,-78.834973,-78.834952,-78.834796,-78.834594,-78.834414,-78.83414,-78.833997,-78.833917,-78.833826,-78.833727,-78.833644,-78.833526,-78.833387,-78.833277,-78.833038,-78.832959,-78.832894,-78.832794,-78.832699,-78.832613,-78.832539,-78.832479,-78.832421,-78.832377,-78.832332,-78.832305,-78.832256,-78.832206,-78.832148,-78.832066,-78.831947,-78.831593,-78.831525,-78.831389,-78.831251,-78.83115,-78.831072,-78.830979,-78.830904,-78.830793,-78.830694,-78.830595,-78.830506,-78.830373,-78.830274,-78.830264,-78.83024,-78.830206,-78.830171,-78.830148,-78.830128,-78.830127,-78.830165,-78.830173,-78.830168,-78.830141,-78.830132,-78.830084,-78.830051,-78.829997,-78.829957,-78.829877,-78.829802,-78.829671,-78.82953,-78.829315,-78.829203,-78.829085,-78.828961,-78.828804,-78.828665,-78.828274,-78.827893,-78.827656,-78.827292,-78.827054,-78.826496,-78.826312,-78.826003,-78.825749,-78.825635,-78.825518,-78.825341,-78.82514,-78.824993,-78.82492,-78.824851,-78.824789,-78.82472,-78.824662,-78.824618,-78.824583,-78.824555,-78.824545,-78.824554,-78.82461,-78.824621,-78.82461,-78.824597,-78.824542,-78.824485,-78.8244,-78.824299,-78.824215,-78.824105,-78.824003,-78.823931,-78.823873,-78.823783,-78.823691,-78.823555,-78.823037,-78.822915,-78.822797,-78.821154,-78.821054,-78.820928,-78.820829,-78.820518,-78.820438,-78.819931,-78.819828,-78.819627,-78.819333,-78.81919,-78.819054,-78.818918,-78.818794,-78.818647,-78.818465,-78.818281,-78.818082,-78.817841,-78.817383,-78.816948,-78.816536,-78.816282,-78.816232,-78.815623,-78.815462,-78.814439,-78.813821,-78.813495,-78.813244,-78.812963,-78.81281,-78.812647,-78.812551,-78.812446,-78.812325,-78.812264,-78.812205,-78.812172,-78.812148,-78.812145,-78.81182,-78.811602,-78.811195,-78.811024,-78.810759,-78.810603,-78.810426,-78.810313,-78.810035,-78.809713,-78.809545,-78.809347,-78.809197,-78.809023,-78.808884,-78.808732,-78.808624,-78.808394,-78.808156,-78.807903,-78.807765,-78.807652,-78.807539,-78.80732,-78.806986,-78.806619,-78.806436,-78.80626,-78.806158,-78.805939,-78.805771,-78.805406,-78.805237,-78.805143,-78.805048,-78.804945,-78.804883,-78.80456,-78.8044,-78.804297,-78.804199,-78.803877,-78.803703,-78.803663,-78.803644,-78.803642,-78.803652,-78.803652,-78.803671,-78.803671,-78.803652,-78.803614,-78.803556,-78.803518,-78.803482,-78.80345,-78.803429,-78.803412,-78.803388,-78.803315,-78.803283,-78.803259,-78.803255,-78.803268,-78.803308,-78.803394,-78.803418,-78.803424,-78.803412,-78.803382,-78.803323,-78.803248,-78.803168,-78.803076,-78.802973,-78.802903,-78.802854,-78.80271,-78.802574,-78.802484,-78.802412,-78.802385,-78.802343,-78.802316,-78.802293,-78.802288,-78.802345,-78.802359,-78.802354,-78.802324,-78.802258,-78.802191,-78.802154,-78.802088,-78.801967,-78.801919,-78.80189,-78.801833,-78.801799,-78.801788,-78.801801,-78.801878,-78.80193,-78.801958,-78.801987,-78.801993,-78.801981,-78.801952,-78.801907,-78.801847,-78.801759,-78.801723,-78.801704,-78.801707,-78.801726,-78.801725,-78.801708,-78.801687,-78.801656,-78.801576,-78.801467,-78.801282,-78.80115,-78.800992,-78.800875,-78.800618,-78.800504,-78.800416,-78.80036,-78.800317,-78.800308,-78.800286,-78.800253,-78.800234,-78.80053,-78.80083,-78.804012,-78.80503,-78.805184,-78.806302,-78.806691,-78.807,-78.807297,-78.807589,-78.807811,-78.808089,-78.808311,-78.808527,-78.808807,-78.809029,-78.809276,-78.809573,-78.809727,-78.80993,-78.810246,-78.810498,-78.810704,-78.810966,-78.811288,-78.81145,-78.81172,-78.81199,-78.812222,-78.812538,-78.812814,-78.813208,-78.813689,-78.814222,-78.815125,-78.815792,-78.816136,-78.816677,-78.817098,-78.817527,-78.817789,-78.818085,-78.818384,-78.818686,-78.818989,-78.819239,-78.819559,-78.819682,-78.819729,-78.81988,-78.819978,-78.82006,-78.820219,-78.82066,-78.820977,-78.821859,-78.822603,-78.823103,-78.824189,-78.824463,-78.824729,-78.824897,-78.825103,-78.825211,-78.825276,-78.825481,-78.825635,-78.825848,-78.826324,-78.826636,-78.82681,-78.827033,-78.827219,-78.827359,-78.82744,-78.827736,-78.828248,-78.828553,-78.828845,-78.829353,-78.829526,-78.829687,-78.83077,-78.831013,-78.831293,-78.831568,-78.831919,-78.833208,-78.833724,-78.833853,-78.834478,-78.834803,-78.834924,-78.83504,-78.835272,-78.835352,-78.835504,-78.835829,-78.836111,-78.836259,-78.836436,-78.836731,-78.837053,-78.837204,-78.837407,-78.837849,-78.838147,-78.838386,-78.838766,-78.839049,-78.839408,-78.839772,-78.840114,-78.840635,-78.841255,-78.843809,-78.844287,-78.845198,-78.845641,-78.846263,-78.846503,-78.848637,-78.850085,-78.850652,-78.850729,-78.85085,-78.851048,-78.851515,-78.851981,-78.852362,-78.853389,-78.853694,-78.854965,-78.855262,-78.85561,-78.855693,-78.856635,-78.856997,-78.857273,-78.85772,-78.858068,-78.85833,-78.858494,-78.860043,-78.860331,-78.861378,-78.861494,-78.861625,-78.861741,-78.861841,-78.861924,-78.861998,-78.862013,-78.86204,-78.862072,-78.862086,-78.862056,-78.862007,-78.861971,-78.861919,-78.861878,-78.861844,-78.861837,-78.861827,-78.861828,-78.861846,-78.861883,-78.861909,-78.861989,-78.862007,-78.862199,-78.862275,-78.86248,-78.862701,-78.86295,-78.863117,-78.863269,-78.863641,-78.863846,-78.864035,-78.8642,-78.864349,-78.864482,-78.864619,-78.864927,-78.865164,-78.865457,-78.865703,-78.866066,-78.86633,-78.86644,-78.866497,-78.866747,-78.866889,-78.867042,-78.867156,-78.867185,-78.867364,-78.867434,-78.867497,-78.868067,-78.868224,-78.868399,-78.868643,-78.868889,-78.869033,-78.869197,-78.869391,-78.869556,-78.869696,-78.870006,-78.870207,-78.870232,-78.870334,-78.870355,-78.870356,-78.870337,-78.870299,-78.870244,-78.870127,-78.869793,-78.869743,-78.86966,-78.869567,-78.869491,-78.869423,-78.869395,-78.8694,-78.869424,-78.869502,-78.869558,-78.869634,-78.869743,-78.869831,-78.870009,-78.870285,-78.870389,-78.870432,-78.870975,-78.87129,-78.871552,-78.871971,-78.872239,-78.87242,-78.872862,-78.873052,-78.873528,-78.873696,-78.873789,-78.873994,-78.874328,-78.874501,-78.874932,-78.875458,-78.875703,-78.875786,-78.876061,-78.876192,-78.876378,-78.876626,-78.876891,-78.876998,-78.877277,-78.877571,-78.877848,-78.878401,-78.879414,-78.879564,-78.879743,-78.880019,-78.880834,-78.882051,-78.882882,-78.884042,-78.884605,-78.885356,-78.885622,-78.885899,-78.8861,-78.886162,-78.886534,-78.887135,-78.887216,-78.887277,-78.887504,-78.887675,-78.887876,-78.888267,-78.888513,-78.888623,-78.888946,-78.889217,-78.889504,-78.889796,-78.890099,-78.890353,-78.890539,-78.890701,-78.891011,-78.891075,-78.891154,-78.891316,-78.891508,-78.891615,-78.891809,-78.891874,-78.892264,-78.892395,-78.892653,-78.892725,-78.892829,-78.892951,-78.893101,-78.893208,-78.893951,-78.894224,-78.89492,-78.895376,-78.895863,-78.896087,-78.896755,-78.897029,-78.897326,-78.897785,-78.89823,-78.898396,-78.898424,-78.898501,-78.898619,-78.898749,-78.898838,-78.899008,-78.89922,-78.899406,-78.899467,-78.899716,-78.900004,-78.900079,-78.900222,-78.900394,-78.900601,-78.900736,-78.900791,-78.90093,-78.901102,-78.901207,-78.901372,-78.901704,-78.902055,-78.902455,-78.902528,-78.903337,-78.904033,-78.904525,-78.90491,-78.905314,-78.905705,-78.907284,-78.907709,-78.907898,-78.908223,-78.908344,-78.908565,-78.908844,-78.90939,-78.910226,-78.912967,-78.913675,-78.914179,-78.91455,-78.914912,-78.915274,-78.915324,-78.915211,-78.91508,-78.914948,-78.914886,-78.914831,-78.914803,-78.914803,-78.914845,-78.914942,-78.915039,-78.915108,-78.915247,-78.915267,-78.915295,-78.915378,-78.915627,-78.915668,-78.915786,-78.915835,-78.915959,-78.916056,-78.916097,-78.91609,-78.916194,-78.916201,-78.91625,-78.916284,-78.916437,-78.916485,-78.916658,-78.91672,-78.916769,-78.916762,-78.916672,-78.916638,-78.916569,-78.916728,-78.91688,-78.91715,-78.917203,-78.917696,-78.917924,-78.918021,-78.918097,-78.918139,-78.918125,-78.918111,-78.918188,-78.918218,-78.918298,-78.918582,-78.919059,-78.919218,-78.919301,-78.919363,-78.919412,-78.919412,-78.91935,-78.919357,-78.919454,-78.919557,-78.919772,-78.919834,-78.919972,-78.920083,-78.920159,-78.920712,-78.920933,-78.921078,-78.921141,-78.921203,-78.921625,-78.92177,-78.921894,-78.92215,-78.922254,-78.922516,-78.922703,-78.922772,-78.922952,-78.923408,-78.923595,-78.923961,-78.924203,-78.9245,-78.924742,-78.92504,-78.925178,-78.925399,-78.925454,-78.92551,-78.925546,-78.925627,-78.92569,-78.92578,-78.925807,-78.926056,-78.926257,-78.926713,-78.926913,-78.927072,-78.927107,-78.927141,-78.927301,-78.927197,-78.927197,-78.92713,-78.927059,-78.926769,-78.926672,-78.926679,-78.926707,-78.926741,-78.927094,-78.927212,-78.927281,-78.927357,-78.927426,-78.927675,-78.928227,-78.928393,-78.928642,-78.928725,-78.928787,-78.928877,-78.928925,-78.928953,-78.929043,-78.929084,-78.929153,-78.929312,-78.930225,-78.930397,-78.930529,-78.930591,-78.930619,-78.930625,-78.930612,-78.930473,-78.930453,-78.930487,-78.930529,-78.930605,-78.930805,-78.931648,-78.931828,-78.932132,-78.932298,-78.932775,-78.932941,-78.933176,-78.933265,-78.933459,-78.933535,-78.933646,-78.933984,-78.93406,-78.934157,-78.934205,-78.934426,-78.934502,-78.934551,-78.934572,-78.934551,-78.934558,-78.934613,-78.93473,-78.934896,-78.934917,-78.934882,-78.934896,-78.934965,-78.934958,-78.93491,-78.934717,-78.934599,-78.934481,-78.934178,-78.934067,-78.934008,-78.936692,-78.937621,-78.939255,-78.939604,-78.940952,-78.943554,-78.944158,-78.944481,-78.944947,-78.946281,-78.946748,-78.948069,-78.948641,-78.948734,-78.948789,-78.948832,-78.948952,-78.949677,-78.950231,-78.95051,-78.950947,-78.951135,-78.951258,-78.951494,-78.953188,-78.953264,-78.953739,-78.954173,-78.954376,-78.954613,-78.954862,-78.955573,-78.955687,-78.955739,-78.955973,-78.956096,-78.956218,-78.956797,-78.957547,-78.957709,-78.957744,-78.958402,-78.95862,-78.958766,-78.958824,-78.958902,-78.958959,-78.959012,-78.958968,-78.958944,-78.958939,-78.958942,-78.958985,-78.959085,-78.959156,-78.959185,-78.959251,-78.959333,-78.959398,-78.959437,-78.959521,-78.959531,-78.959538,-78.959558,-78.959568,-78.959596,-78.959625,-78.959792,-78.959892,-78.959978,-78.96023,-78.960308,-78.960475,-78.960544,-78.960645,-78.960666,-78.960698,-78.961033,-78.961266,-78.961404,-78.961547,-78.961642,-78.961719,-78.961768,-78.961806,-78.961904,-78.962155,-78.962556,-78.963071,-78.963114,-78.963336,-78.963551,-78.963766,-78.963932,-78.964178,-78.964267,-78.964437,-78.964643,-78.964729,-78.964996,-78.965139,-78.96533,-78.965479,-78.965602,-78.965649,-78.966055,-78.96651,-78.966712,-78.966753,-78.966886,-78.967272,-78.967779,-78.967986,-78.968191,-78.968573,-78.96893,-78.969055,-78.969696,-78.969862,-78.969938,-78.970078,-78.970241,-78.970951,-78.971421,-78.971543,-78.971623,-78.971669,-78.971681,-78.971681,-78.971641,-78.971589,-78.971502,-78.97121,-78.970611,-78.969968,-78.969657,-78.96959,-78.969101,-78.968924,-78.968826,-78.968622,-78.968367,-78.968217,-78.968173,-78.967901,-78.967531,-78.96734,-78.967159,-78.967081,-78.96696,-78.966955,-78.966947,-78.966927,-78.9669,-78.966895,-78.966912,-78.966926,-78.967106,-78.967178,-78.967397,-78.967593,-78.967656,-78.967842,-78.968006,-78.968144,-78.968753,-78.969048,-78.969199,-78.969515,-78.970164,-78.970603,-78.970855,-78.971155,-78.971419,-78.971553,-78.971689,-78.971871,-78.972096,-78.972138,-78.972337,-78.972476,-78.972636,-78.972673,-78.972788,-78.972916,-78.973027,-78.973195,-78.973638,-78.973835,-78.973936,-78.974077,-78.974289,-78.974423,-78.974558,-78.97465,-78.974814,-78.974872,-78.974917,-78.974996,-78.975503,-78.976449,-78.976652,-78.977012,-78.977563,-78.978909,-78.979624,-78.980004,-78.980569,-78.980866,-78.980897,-78.980966,-78.981412,-78.981539,-78.981639,-78.981849,-78.981998,-78.982076,-78.982354,-78.982436,-78.982564,-78.982955,-78.983032,-78.983137,-78.983191,-78.98325,-78.983322,-78.983349,-78.983371,-78.983357,-78.98334,-78.983305,-78.983257,-78.983078,-78.982642,-78.982591,-78.982479,-78.982407,-78.982313,-78.982255,-78.982247,-78.982261,-78.982303,-78.982356,-78.982383,-78.982466,-78.982595,-78.982731,-78.982911,-78.9831,-78.98322,-78.983606,-78.983772,-78.983971,-78.984347,-78.984596,-78.985003,-78.985137,-78.985229,-78.985275,-78.985516,-78.985934,-78.986272,-78.98631,-78.98648,-78.986603,-78.986679,-78.986821,-78.986923,-78.987082,-78.987156,-78.987241,-78.987372,-78.987901,-78.988026,-78.988101,-78.988191,-78.988241,-78.988276,-78.988311,-78.988305,-78.988251,-78.988183,-78.988018,-78.987973,-78.987869,-78.987787,-78.987653,-78.987533,-78.987448,-78.987362,-78.987311,-78.987236,-78.987162,-78.987135,-78.987116,-78.98706,-78.986985,-78.986398,-78.986344,-78.986189,-78.986017,-78.985973,-78.985918,-78.985896,-78.985892,-78.985925,-78.985978,-78.986033,-78.986155,-78.986162,-78.986153,-78.98613,-78.986372,-78.986469,-78.986573,-78.986754,-78.986875,-78.986916,-78.987006,-78.987085,-78.987128,-78.987261,-78.987576,-78.98762,-78.987799,-78.98851,-78.989495,-78.98972,-78.990268,-78.99109,-78.991272,-78.991543,-78.991762,-78.992054,-78.992175,-78.992328,-78.992506,-78.99267,-78.992696,-78.992758,-78.992926,-78.992979,-78.993189,-78.993377,-78.993617,-78.993768,-78.994001,-78.994162,-78.994397,-78.994612,-78.994953,-78.995109,-78.995308,-78.995566,-78.995756,-78.995841,-78.996018,-78.996109,-78.996337,-78.996428,-78.996603,-78.996631,-78.996785,-78.997003,-78.997054,-78.997105,-78.997321,-78.997405,-78.997433,-78.997461,-78.99754,-78.997591,-78.99763,-78.997648,-78.997683,-78.99769,-78.997766,-78.997825,-78.997843,-78.997907,-78.997977,-78.998052,-78.998212,-78.998555,-78.998821,-78.999002,-78.999322,-78.999428,-78.999633,-78.999685,-79.000174,-79.000523,-79.000818,-79.001035,-79.001542,-79.001874,-79.00217,-79.002912,-79.003041,-79.003411,-79.003815,-79.004325,-79.004491,-79.004968,-79.005595,-79.005763,-79.005937,-79.005982,-79.00616,-79.006243,-79.006404,-79.006806,-79.006843,-79.006876,-79.007171,-79.00766,-79.007971,-79.008172,-79.008341,-79.008737,-79.008821,-79.008901,-79.008922,-79.008937,-79.008944,-79.00894,-79.008904,-79.008818,-79.008641,-79.008574,-79.008516,-79.008426,-79.008424,-79.008441,-79.008534,-79.008603,-79.008657,-79.008723,-79.008796,-79.008872,-79.008994,-79.00917,-79.009442,-79.009716,-79.009943,-79.010073,-79.010152,-79.010226,-79.010422,-79.010921,-79.011094,-79.011285,-79.011371,-79.011502,-79.011592,-79.011729,-79.011953,-79.011999,-79.012133,-79.012175,-79.012295,-79.012368,-79.012521,-79.012685,-79.012885,-79.012929,-79.01305,-79.013089,-79.013102,-79.013143,-79.013213,-79.013341,-79.013375,-79.013434,-79.013459,-79.013505,-79.013606,-79.013731,-79.013977,-79.0141,-79.014147,-79.014298,-79.014359,-79.014477,-79.014546,-79.014667,-79.014755,-79.014937,-79.015209,-79.015234,-79.015398,-79.015523,-79.016361,-79.016488,-79.016605,-79.016912,-79.017071,-79.017318,-79.017446,-79.017622,-79.018205,-79.019281,-79.019507,-79.019643,-79.019872,-79.020186,-79.020362,-79.020703,-79.020788,-79.021009,-79.021367,-79.021547,-79.021776,-79.021821,-79.022083,-79.022167,-79.022548,-79.02268,-79.022937,-79.023124,-79.023225,-79.023288,-79.023598,-79.023779,-79.023848,-79.023914,-79.024062,-79.024439,-79.024473,-79.024732,-79.025168,-79.025574,-79.025647,-79.025843,-79.025929,-79.026062,-79.026244,-79.02638,-79.026562,-79.02692,-79.027333,-79.0275,-79.028122,-79.028515,-79.028738,-79.029007,-79.029143,-79.029233,-79.02946,-79.029632,-79.029713,-79.029867,-79.029941,-79.030132,-79.030336,-79.030427,-79.030562,-79.030647,-79.03076,-79.030856,-79.030946,-79.031155,-79.031549,-79.031802,-79.032177,-79.032276,-79.03243,-79.032645,-79.032723,-79.032774,-79.032821,-79.03305,-79.033523,-79.034067,-79.034329,-79.034517,-79.03471,-79.035489,-79.03551,-79.036526,-79.036896,-79.038021,-79.03882,-79.039214,-79.039259,-79.039458,-79.039686,-79.03973,-79.039815,-79.04016,-79.040336,-79.040823,-79.041138,-79.041275,-79.041817,-79.041995,-79.042387,-79.04252,-79.04261,-79.042792,-79.042988,-79.043003,-79.04315,-79.043278,-79.043299,-79.043575,-79.043837,-79.044103,-79.044193,-79.04446,-79.044634,-79.044755,-79.045113,-79.045347,-79.045554,-79.045856,-79.046121,-79.046167,-79.046258,-79.046394,-79.046574,-79.046621,-79.046667,-79.04689,-79.047384,-79.047609,-79.047832,-79.047919,-79.048187,-79.048323,-79.048596,-79.048773,-79.048987,-79.049185,-79.049221,-79.049398,-79.049486,-79.049648,-79.049908,-79.049954,-79.050129,-79.050443,-79.050807,-79.050988,-79.051215,-79.051443,-79.051572,-79.05169,-79.051764,-79.052012,-79.052184,-79.052415,-79.052651,-79.053037,-79.053197,-79.05328,-79.054086,-79.054404,-79.054629,-79.054769,-79.054845,-79.05497,-79.05506,-79.055151,-79.055196,-79.055374,-79.05546,-79.055587,-79.055708,-79.055827,-79.056094,-79.05645,-79.056572,-79.056822,-79.056909,-79.057044,-79.057227,-79.057272,-79.057316,-79.057399,-79.057593,-79.057698,-79.057887,-79.057974,-79.058053,-79.058125,-79.058376,-79.058454,-79.058512,-79.058587,-79.058723,-79.058786,-79.058971,-79.059061,-79.059199,-79.05924,-79.059303,-79.059386,-79.059731,-79.05987,-79.060167,-79.060416,-79.060471,-79.060513,-79.060533,-79.060457,-79.060471,-79.060492,-79.06063,-79.060727,-79.060796,-79.06083,-79.060913,-79.060948,-79.061003,-79.061142,-79.061197,-79.061335,-79.061812,-79.061926,-79.062025,-79.062069,-79.062158,-79.062203,-79.062337,-79.062515,-79.062556,-79.062728,-79.062853,-79.063095,-79.063171,-79.063243,-79.063392,-79.063525,-79.063726,-79.063865,-79.063941,-79.0641,-79.064421,-79.064569,-79.06469,-79.064744,-79.064876,-79.065195,-79.065486,-79.065607,-79.066035,-79.066212,-79.066301,-79.066482,-79.0668,-79.06689,-79.066929,-79.066989,-79.067021,-79.0671,-79.067169,-79.067198,-79.067293,-79.06739,-79.067441,-79.067452,-79.067446,-79.067398,-79.067355,-79.067271,-79.067222,-79.067073,-79.066975,-79.066759,-79.066723,-79.066694,-79.066607,-79.066485,-79.066451,-79.066323,-79.066304,-79.066214,-79.066187,-79.066041,-79.065714,-79.065474,-79.06542,-79.065125,-79.0651,-79.065042,-79.064966,-79.064803,-79.064687,-79.064566,-79.06449,-79.064402,-79.064387,-79.064372,-79.064363,-79.064373,-79.06438,-79.064405,-79.064462,-79.064538,-79.064547,-79.064601,-79.064628,-79.064727,-79.064903,-79.065144,-79.065355,-79.065442,-79.065683,-79.065972,-79.066075,-79.066112,-79.066389,-79.066722,-79.067191,-79.067452,-79.067644,-79.067837,-79.068116,-79.068415,-79.068897,-79.06908,-79.069251,-79.069504,-79.069648,-79.069768,-79.069787,-79.069802,-79.069801,-79.069806,-79.0698,-79.069757,-79.069732,-79.069722,-79.069697,-79.069663,-79.069598,-79.069367,-79.069283,-79.069248,-79.069244,-79.069248,-79.069269,-79.069289,-79.069303,-79.069341,-79.069311,-79.06919,-79.069147,-79.069002,-79.068842,-79.068638,-79.068449,-79.068365,-79.068232,-79.068186,-79.068171,-79.068167,-79.068173,-79.068199,-79.068215,-79.068235,-79.068251,-79.068264,-79.068392,-79.068408,-79.068471,-79.06852,-79.068578,-79.068644,-79.06884,-79.068878,-79.068887,-79.068886,-79.068878,-79.068854,-79.06882,-79.06876,-79.068749,-79.068689,-79.068591,-79.068496,-79.068428,-79.068233,-79.067767,-79.06766,-79.067626,-79.067562,-79.067557,-79.06752,-79.067481,-79.067265,-79.067225,-79.067211,-79.067185,-79.067183,-79.0672,-79.06722,-79.067251,-79.067306,-79.067474,-79.067537,-79.067638,-79.067657,-79.067656,-79.067644,-79.067553,-79.067519,-79.06749,-79.06741,-79.067371,-79.067269,-79.067212,-79.067164,-79.067144,-79.067001,-79.066897,-79.0668,-79.066773,-79.066713,-79.06668,-79.066681,-79.066675,-79.066687,-79.06669,-79.066697,-79.066701,-79.066705,-79.066713,-79.066802,-79.066797,-79.06681,-79.066799,-79.066801,-79.066793,-79.066791,-79.066785,-79.066781,-79.066774,-79.066767,-79.06676,-79.066754,-79.066752,-79.066741,-79.066742,-79.066738,-79.06673,-79.066724,-79.066715,-79.066705,-79.066689,-79.066672,-79.066648,-79.066621,-79.066593,-79.066548,-79.066471,-79.066413,-79.06605,-79.06599,-79.065936,-79.065871,-79.065845,-79.065834,-79.065829,-79.06584,-79.065897,-79.06598,-79.066073,-79.066115,-79.066127,-79.066124,-79.06613,-79.066125,-79.066118,-79.066117,-79.066119,-79.066123,-79.066129,-79.06614,-79.066153,-79.066196,-79.06622,-79.066261,-79.066315,-79.066362,-79.066419,-79.066454,-79.066478,-79.066516,-79.066541,-79.066858,-79.067155,-79.067168,-79.06718,-79.067198,-79.067228,-79.067265,-79.067372,-79.067445,-79.067506,-79.067584,-79.067635,-79.067672,-79.067724,-79.067762,-79.067798,-79.067804,-79.067885,-79.067876,-79.067877,-79.067886,-79.067886,-79.067831,-79.067779,-79.067774,-79.067794,-79.067859,-79.067874,-79.067889,-79.067907,-79.068048,-79.068079,-79.068119,-79.068129,-79.068166,-79.068236,-79.068292,-79.068398,-79.068608,-79.06869,-79.069031,-79.069136,-79.069203,-79.069301,-79.069402,-79.069485,-79.069546,-79.069706,-79.069758,-79.069828,-79.069896,-79.069941,-79.070011,-79.070037,-79.07007,-79.070112,-79.070172,-79.070198,-79.070243,-79.070258,-79.070307,-79.070338,-79.070456,-79.070522,-79.070539,-79.070648,-79.070714,-79.070937,-79.071122,-79.071266,-79.071592,-79.071884,-79.072027,-79.072173,-79.072201,-79.07222,-79.072238,-79.072255,-79.072252,-79.072228,-79.072222,-79.072197,-79.072177,-79.072148,-79.071477,-79.071415,-79.071262,-79.071252,-79.071005,-79.070941,-79.070924,-79.070864,-79.070722,-79.070642,-79.070615,-79.070538,-79.070468,-79.070442,-79.070396,-79.070279,-79.070197,-79.070148,-79.070051,-79.069978,-79.069791,-79.069675,-79.069121,-79.06887,-79.06877,-79.068748,-79.068729,-79.06863,-79.068516,-79.067835,-79.067641,-79.067462,-79.067297,-79.067202,-79.067101,-79.067077,-79.067034,-79.066973,-79.06696,-79.06696,-79.066936,-79.06694,-79.066989,-79.067071,-79.067166,-79.067223,-79.067245,-79.067281,-79.067325,-79.067396,-79.067776,-79.067901,-79.068007,-79.068045,-79.068204,-79.068498,-79.068702,-79.068811,-79.068912,-79.06897,-79.069123,-79.069266,-79.069325,-79.06934,-79.069379,-79.069411,-79.069437,-79.069467,-79.069475,-79.069472,-79.069464,-79.069439,-79.069407,-79.069347,-79.069301,-79.069146,-79.069064,-79.068949,-79.06887,-79.068721,-79.0687,-79.068628,-79.068614,-79.068627,-79.068669,-79.068695,-79.068715,-79.068741,-79.068776,-79.068922,-79.069202,-79.069252,-79.069263,-79.069294,-79.069345,-79.069468,-79.069588,-79.069833,-79.069899,-79.07002,-79.070496,-79.070636,-79.070697,-79.07072,-79.070837,-79.070925,-79.07104,-79.071125,-79.071145,-79.071294,-79.071337,-79.071417,-79.071637,-79.071727,-79.071775,-79.071819,-79.071905,-79.071992,-79.072126,-79.072577,-79.072846,-79.072934,-79.073468,-79.073605,-79.07374,-79.073872,-79.073921,-79.074134,-79.074219,-79.074514,-79.074789,-79.07506,-79.075444,-79.075532,-79.075713,-79.075804,-79.075849,-79.075982,-79.07606,-79.076222,-79.076291,-79.076363,-79.076432,-79.076526,-79.076567,-79.07662,-79.076652,-79.076671,-79.07669,-79.076668,-79.076603,-79.076541,-79.07644,-79.076325,-79.076241,-79.076063,-79.075812,-79.075654,-79.0755,-79.075282,-79.07518,-79.075122,-79.075097,-79.075012,-79.074889,-79.074791,-79.074626,-79.074477,-79.074439,-79.074373,-79.074367,-79.074363,-79.074367,-79.074378,-79.074493,-79.074614,-79.074651,-79.074822,-79.074931,-79.075221,-79.075352,-79.075441,-79.075549,-79.07557,-79.075585,-79.075601,-79.075617,-79.075712,-79.075848,-79.076253,-79.07657,-79.076604,-79.076677,-79.076718,-79.07689,-79.077042,-79.077069,-79.077294,-79.077598,-79.077734,-79.077757,-79.077771,-79.077794,-79.07787,-79.077958,-79.078094,-79.078452,-79.078664,-79.078757,-79.078799,-79.07904,-79.079366,-79.079901,-79.080007,-79.080236,-79.08056,-79.080808,-79.081257,-79.081394,-79.081453,-79.081459,-79.08149,-79.081495,-79.081487,-79.08147,-79.0814,-79.081378,-79.081298,-79.081286,-79.081277,-79.081266,-79.081274,-79.081295,-79.08133,-79.081434,-79.081503,-79.081593,-79.081696,-79.081842,-79.081929,-79.082152,-79.082287,-79.082422,-79.082512,-79.082635,-79.082673,-79.08272,-79.082759,-79.083073,-79.083148,-79.083257,-79.083447,-79.083529,-79.083743,-79.084017,-79.084154,-79.084541,-79.084702,-79.084743,-79.084783,-79.084814,-79.084844,-79.084883,-79.08492,-79.084981,-79.085074,-79.085129,-79.085223,-79.085286,-79.085332,-79.085582,-79.085688,-79.085728,-79.085948,-79.086139,-79.086217,-79.086352,-79.086436,-79.08648,-79.086565,-79.08661,-79.086746,-79.086881,-79.087016,-79.087195,-79.087328,-79.087596,-79.087955,-79.088046,-79.088316,-79.088448,-79.088577,-79.088776,-79.089043,-79.08911,-79.089139,-79.089237,-79.089274,-79.089341,-79.089496,-79.089534,-79.08966,-79.08973,-79.089772,-79.089846,-79.089873,-79.089887,-79.089967,-79.089999,-79.090006,-79.090197,-79.090261,-79.090452,-79.090533,-79.090592,-79.091016,-79.091078,-79.091191,-79.091603,-79.091714,-79.091836,-79.091966,-79.09215,-79.092241,-79.092467,-79.092741,-79.092786,-79.093099,-79.093266,-79.093484,-79.093604,-79.093643,-79.093859,-79.093981,-79.094154,-79.09438,-79.094604,-79.094788,-79.095197,-79.095231,-79.095249,-79.095421,-79.095555,-79.0956,-79.095689,-79.095774,-79.096003,-79.096326,-79.096406,-79.096449,-79.096528,-79.096613,-79.096786,-79.096966,-79.097307,-79.097572,-79.097654,-79.097721,-79.097766,-79.097811,-79.098127,-79.09835,-79.098785,-79.099249,-79.099556,-79.099858,-79.100199,-79.100239,-79.100316,-79.100681,-79.100812,-79.100946,-79.101036,-79.10112,-79.101458,-79.101502,-79.101582,-79.101658,-79.101859,-79.102213,-79.102363,-79.102632,-79.102963,-79.10303,-79.103124,-79.103208,-79.103359,-79.103444,-79.103477,-79.103534,-79.103684,-79.103872,-79.103934,-79.104058,-79.104126,-79.104248,-79.104292,-79.104337,-79.104424,-79.104514,-79.104795,-79.105156,-79.105337,-79.105563,-79.106015,-79.106737,-79.106963,-79.107549,-79.107639,-79.107729,-79.107816,-79.107857,-79.107894,-79.107991,-79.108026,-79.108029,-79.108013,-79.107877,-79.107756,-79.107664,-79.107574,-79.107542,-79.107553,-79.107616,-79.107696,-79.108066,-79.1081,-79.10816,-79.108293,-79.108318,-79.108384,-79.108444,-79.108908,-79.109119,-79.109304,-79.109485,-79.109607,-79.109651,-79.109734,-79.109822,-79.110001,-79.110091,-79.110181,-79.110269,-79.110393,-79.11043,-79.110509,-79.110545,-79.110644,-79.110733,-79.110857,-79.110925,-79.110951,-79.111159,-79.111229,-79.111309,-79.111409,-79.111534,-79.111743,-79.111992,-79.112265,-79.11231,-79.112537,-79.112765,-79.112902,-79.113299,-79.113517,-79.113652,-79.11395,-79.114041,-79.114176,-79.114219,-79.114281,-79.114406,-79.114485,-79.114685,-79.114827,-79.114862,-79.115009,-79.11502,-79.115079,-79.115238,-79.11534,-79.115615,-79.115661,-79.115772,-79.115789,-79.115813,-79.115932,-79.115967,-79.116131,-79.116261,-79.116306,-79.116434,-79.116639,-79.116713,-79.116778,-79.116816,-79.117027,-79.117169,-79.117286,-79.117373,-79.117409,-79.117721,-79.11776,-79.117807,-79.117876,-79.118001,-79.118188,-79.118153,-79.118158,-79.118174,-79.1182,-79.118209,-79.118306,-79.118417,-79.118659,-79.118763,-79.118895,-79.118923,-79.118993,-79.119339,-79.119789,-79.119997,-79.120101,-79.120136,-79.120101,-79.119963,-79.11979,-79.119603,-79.119292,-79.11914,-79.118877,-79.11867,-79.118518,-79.118462,-79.118636,-79.118948,-79.118948,-79.118851,-79.118713,-79.118658,-79.118692,-79.118886,-79.119108,-79.119246,-79.119524,-79.119787,-79.119939,-79.120016,-79.119981,-79.119926,-79.119912,-79.120099,-79.120653,-79.120965,-79.121214,-79.121505,-79.121713,-79.121921,-79.122198,-79.122392,-79.122841,-79.12327,-79.123478,-79.123672,-79.123914,-79.124122,-79.124752,-79.125166,-79.125387,-79.125616,-79.125865,-79.126107,-79.126716,-79.127069,-79.127305,-79.12752,-79.127727,-79.128032,-79.128322,-79.128385,-79.12862,-79.128661,-79.128661,-79.128986,-79.129297,-79.129339,-79.129387,-79.129553,-79.129878,-79.130065,-79.130203,-79.130273,-79.130432,-79.130778,-79.131158,-79.131635,-79.132057,-79.132396,-79.132652,-79.132978,-79.133372,-79.133877,-79.134397,-79.134805,-79.135123,-79.135338,-79.135434,-79.13549,-79.135607,-79.135692,-79.136049,-79.13607,-79.135917,-79.135848,-79.135876,-79.136028,-79.136221,-79.136311,-79.136353,-79.136387,-79.136553,-79.136663,-79.136781,-79.136933,-79.137203,-79.137541,-79.13768,-79.137819,-79.137964,-79.138179,-79.138483,-79.138887,-79.138901,-79.139016,-79.139605,-79.140616,-79.140921,-79.141198,-79.141364,-79.141939,-79.142382,-79.142506,-79.142666,-79.142894,-79.143241,-79.143628,-79.144023,-79.144439,-79.145083,-79.145325,-79.145519,-79.145831,-79.146789,-79.146821,-79.147347,-79.148455,-79.148801,-79.149203,-79.149757,-79.150241,-79.150692,-79.151183,-79.151592,-79.15209,-79.152423,-79.152942,-79.15306,-79.153295,-79.153427,-79.154078,-79.154666,-79.155158,-79.155546,-79.15594,-79.156702,-79.157152,-79.157484,-79.15799,-79.158426,-79.15871,-79.158987,-79.159264,-79.159638,-79.159838,-79.159949,-79.160475,-79.161202,-79.161549,-79.161915,-79.162151,-79.162462,-79.162712,-79.162996,-79.163245,-79.163639,-79.16375,-79.163882,-79.164172,-79.164311,-79.164505,-79.164712,-79.1651,-79.165717,-79.166167,-79.16645,-79.166762,-79.167454,-79.167603,-79.167615,-79.167967,-79.168098,-79.169801,-79.170103,-79.171171,-79.17151,-79.171926,-79.172131,-79.172134,-79.172135],"lat":[37.803215,37.803286,37.803364,37.803511,37.803662,37.80382,37.804007,37.804183,37.804399,37.804661,37.804867,37.80506,37.805216,37.805377,37.805535,37.805675,37.805797,37.805949,37.806136,37.806299,37.806453,37.806581,37.806623,37.806982,37.807129,37.807341,37.807435,37.807517,37.807753,37.807956,37.808106,37.808255,37.808441,37.808611,37.80876,37.808905,37.809037,37.809181,37.809339,37.809436,37.809524,37.809625,37.809755,37.809868,37.809971,37.810099,37.81024,37.810405,37.81059,37.810742,37.810911,37.811088,37.811249,37.811395,37.811515,37.81163,37.811744,37.811824,37.81189,37.81196,37.812022,37.812077,37.812127,37.812192,37.812271,37.812382,37.812469,37.812549,37.812642,37.812708,37.81277,37.812829,37.812901,37.812982,37.813076,37.81318,37.813262,37.81335,37.813464,37.813572,37.813673,37.813733,37.813798,37.813876,37.813968,37.814046,37.814129,37.814289,37.814434,37.81457,37.81474,37.814921,37.815131,37.815341,37.815521,37.815721,37.815875,37.816012,37.816145,37.816236,37.816327,37.816415,37.816475,37.816524,37.81657,37.81663,37.816675,37.816704,37.816724,37.816734,37.816746,37.816766,37.816786,37.816792,37.816784,37.816767,37.816746,37.816718,37.816711,37.816686,37.816681,37.816694,37.816711,37.816789,37.816903,37.81697,37.817056,37.817142,37.817245,37.817365,37.817461,37.817548,37.817652,37.817755,37.817852,37.81796,37.818069,37.818201,37.818346,37.818476,37.818605,37.818685,37.818758,37.818837,37.818923,37.81901,37.819086,37.819135,37.81917,37.819203,37.819239,37.819266,37.819304,37.819358,37.819427,37.819578,37.819643,37.81973,37.819881,37.820013,37.820137,37.82027,37.820411,37.820559,37.820672,37.82077,37.820878,37.820984,37.821079,37.821162,37.821241,37.821319,37.821407,37.821516,37.821605,37.821707,37.821809,37.821903,37.821985,37.82205,37.822117,37.822202,37.822257,37.822311,37.822383,37.822488,37.822583,37.822669,37.822747,37.822827,37.822923,37.823076,37.823197,37.823331,37.823469,37.823598,37.823718,37.823854,37.823997,37.824159,37.824285,37.824396,37.824512,37.824585,37.82465,37.824706,37.824773,37.824829,37.824884,37.824912,37.824938,37.824968,37.825003,37.825054,37.82514,37.825225,37.825325,37.825387,37.825445,37.825508,37.825567,37.825631,37.825694,37.825745,37.825799,37.825853,37.825905,37.825956,37.826045,37.826123,37.82618,37.82624,37.826306,37.826387,37.826422,37.826479,37.826525,37.826574,37.826681,37.826742,37.826805,37.826827,37.826832,37.826831,37.826839,37.826861,37.826889,37.826918,37.826956,37.827045,37.827142,37.827211,37.827281,37.827395,37.827538,37.82768,37.827835,37.827985,37.828117,37.828246,37.828354,37.828458,37.828581,37.828713,37.828797,37.828865,37.828929,37.82898,37.829038,37.829105,37.829178,37.829224,37.829249,37.829336,37.829496,37.829562,37.829629,37.82971,37.829781,37.829874,37.829947,37.830027,37.830094,37.83016,37.830224,37.830312,37.83041,37.830532,37.830649,37.830743,37.830829,37.830932,37.831032,37.831121,37.831203,37.83128,37.831366,37.831457,37.831523,37.831588,37.831652,37.831718,37.831783,37.83185,37.831927,37.832027,37.832143,37.832243,37.832353,37.832453,37.832552,37.832652,37.832774,37.832912,37.833076,37.833204,37.833313,37.833433,37.833568,37.83364,37.833806,37.83391,37.834019,37.834136,37.834225,37.834302,37.834388,37.834487,37.834571,37.834644,37.83473,37.834897,37.834995,37.835083,37.835178,37.835262,37.83533,37.835389,37.835469,37.835535,37.83558,37.8356,37.835642,37.835699,37.835758,37.835809,37.835873,37.836001,37.836146,37.836262,37.836376,37.83652,37.836679,37.836806,37.836911,37.837013,37.837077,37.837207,37.837272,37.837308,37.837364,37.837448,37.837553,37.837627,37.837694,37.837761,37.837851,37.83794,37.838018,37.838089,37.838177,37.838282,37.838375,37.838451,37.838525,37.838563,37.838623,37.838661,37.838794,37.838888,37.838915,37.838936,37.838961,37.839004,37.839036,37.839079,37.839135,37.8392,37.839257,37.839318,37.839402,37.839511,37.839588,37.839651,37.839716,37.839868,37.840036,37.840177,37.84029,37.840584,37.840709,37.840814,37.84092,37.841061,37.841203,37.841316,37.841388,37.841478,37.84158,37.841689,37.841774,37.841856,37.841939,37.842019,37.842083,37.842136,37.842212,37.842309,37.842402,37.842474,37.842545,37.842616,37.842688,37.842748,37.842854,37.842919,37.843006,37.843073,37.843129,37.843183,37.843232,37.843273,37.843304,37.843336,37.843374,37.843413,37.843444,37.843474,37.84354,37.843623,37.843713,37.843777,37.84385,37.843951,37.844099,37.84422,37.844331,37.844449,37.844573,37.844701,37.844795,37.844882,37.844967,37.845028,37.845075,37.845116,37.845146,37.84519,37.845249,37.845386,37.845488,37.845607,37.845749,37.845877,37.845997,37.846102,37.846211,37.846331,37.846447,37.846518,37.846549,37.846671,37.846795,37.846905,37.847012,37.847109,37.847125,37.847204,37.847293,37.847401,37.847514,37.847657,37.847782,37.847891,37.847979,37.848082,37.848166,37.848239,37.848295,37.848361,37.848442,37.848545,37.848624,37.848695,37.848817,37.848941,37.849048,37.849135,37.849225,37.849326,37.849434,37.849516,37.849586,37.849656,37.849729,37.849803,37.849865,37.849929,37.849992,37.850049,37.850084,37.850121,37.850133,37.850186,37.850306,37.850382,37.850492,37.8506,37.850724,37.850844,37.85094,37.851035,37.851209,37.851242,37.85141,37.85163,37.851797,37.851949,37.852126,37.852281,37.852415,37.852545,37.852649,37.852753,37.852848,37.852941,37.853023,37.853126,37.853134,37.853269,37.853392,37.853507,37.853616,37.853731,37.853856,37.853998,37.854132,37.854221,37.85424,37.854246,37.85425,37.854269,37.8543,37.854335,37.854406,37.854522,37.854689,37.854878,37.855027,37.855169,37.855313,37.855504,37.855621,37.855768,37.855912,37.856096,37.856242,37.856369,37.856492,37.856589,37.856643,37.85669,37.856788,37.856866,37.856932,37.857006,37.85708,37.857147,37.857208,37.857255,37.857343,37.857384,37.857484,37.857649,37.857846,37.857971,37.858065,37.858149,37.85823,37.858311,37.858368,37.858457,37.858544,37.858664,37.858792,37.858903,37.859011,37.859141,37.859283,37.859433,37.859512,37.859583,37.859658,37.859743,37.859792,37.859844,37.859898,37.860008,37.86009,37.860154,37.860206,37.860262,37.860315,37.860374,37.860432,37.86048,37.860553,37.860665,37.860775,37.86088,37.86099,37.861111,37.861224,37.861307,37.861385,37.861474,37.861547,37.86161,37.86167,37.861738,37.8618,37.861849,37.861871,37.861889,37.861908,37.861912,37.861925,37.861938,37.861956,37.861986,37.862022,37.862046,37.86208,37.862132,37.862222,37.862298,37.862365,37.862435,37.862536,37.862636,37.862715,37.862816,37.862953,37.863121,37.863172,37.863252,37.863359,37.863461,37.863533,37.863674,37.863892,37.86407,37.864182,37.86431,37.864475,37.864582,37.864673,37.864765,37.86488,37.865012,37.865094,37.86516,37.865229,37.865306,37.86539,37.865456,37.865509,37.865544,37.865569,37.865578,37.865582,37.865601,37.865653,37.865714,37.865774,37.865844,37.865981,37.866127,37.866245,37.866338,37.866447,37.866571,37.866683,37.866778,37.866863,37.866949,37.867046,37.867162,37.867381,37.867541,37.86772,37.86789,37.868042,37.868185,37.868322,37.86847,37.868635,37.868771,37.868887,37.869004,37.869042,37.869087,37.86916,37.869215,37.869249,37.869273,37.869278,37.869289,37.869286,37.869278,37.869279,37.869282,37.869308,37.869386,37.869448,37.869482,37.86959,37.86972,37.869863,37.870031,37.870158,37.870271,37.870393,37.870484,37.870565,37.87064,37.870751,37.870809,37.870909,37.871016,37.871105,37.871199,37.87132,37.871424,37.871521,37.871605,37.871697,37.8718,37.871887,37.871958,37.872035,37.872075,37.872149,37.872237,37.872335,37.872437,37.872485,37.872524,37.872565,37.872613,37.872678,37.872879,37.873002,37.873067,37.873135,37.873205,37.873287,37.873394,37.873509,37.873608,37.873714,37.87383,37.873942,37.874049,37.87413,37.874214,37.874335,37.874401,37.874485,37.874577,37.874637,37.874689,37.874736,37.874795,37.874855,37.874922,37.87502,37.875059,37.875122,37.875224,37.875344,37.875445,37.87553,37.875592,37.87568,37.875781,37.875854,37.875911,37.875962,37.87602,37.876066,37.876092,37.876097,37.876082,37.876052,37.876031,37.87604,37.876057,37.876065,37.876075,37.876104,37.876151,37.876203,37.876246,37.87628,37.876315,37.876349,37.876392,37.876424,37.87645,37.876478,37.876502,37.87652,37.876535,37.876559,37.876589,37.876607,37.876625,37.876655,37.876725,37.876794,37.876863,37.876983,37.877291,37.877332,37.87741,37.877473,37.877564,37.877672,37.877774,37.877854,37.877929,37.878004,37.878077,37.878148,37.878207,37.87825,37.878304,37.87836,37.878416,37.878479,37.878551,37.878645,37.878732,37.878793,37.878865,37.878967,37.879011,37.879081,37.879194,37.879292,37.879388,37.879499,37.879592,37.879676,37.879738,37.879818,37.879908,37.880011,37.880117,37.88021,37.880308,37.880369,37.880429,37.880476,37.880522,37.880577,37.880631,37.880712,37.880765,37.880822,37.880868,37.880909,37.880952,37.88099,37.881026,37.881083,37.881171,37.881227,37.881266,37.881343,37.881414,37.881523,37.881627,37.881755,37.881921,37.882047,37.882163,37.882351,37.882554,37.882693,37.882879,37.883008,37.883168,37.883356,37.883514,37.883536,37.883664,37.883833,37.884012,37.884201,37.884318,37.884433,37.884573,37.884756,37.884908,37.885051,37.885169,37.885293,37.885426,37.885546,37.885653,37.885771,37.885878,37.885935,37.886007,37.886026,37.88608,37.886152,37.886185,37.886226,37.891003,37.891316,37.891497,37.891721,37.891948,37.892104,37.892327,37.892527,37.892647,37.892622,37.892371,37.891846,37.89141,37.890812,37.89024,37.8903,37.890348,37.890331,37.890201,37.889838,37.889555,37.889244,37.889002,37.888826,37.888835,37.888844,37.888845,37.888882,37.88982,37.890168,37.890799,37.891058,37.891069,37.891317,37.891326,37.891372,37.891355,37.891391,37.891578,37.892077,37.892302,37.892525,37.892529,37.892563,37.892566,37.892621,37.892628,37.892726,37.892737,37.892841,37.893491,37.894459,37.894723,37.895098,37.895472,37.895587,37.89552,37.895518,37.895526,37.895777,37.895766,37.895782,37.895883,37.895771,37.895807,37.895798,37.895982,37.89625,37.896546,37.896884,37.896964,37.897286,37.897623,37.897817,37.89815,37.898469,37.899612,37.900578,37.900721,37.901083,37.901503,37.901518,37.901534,37.901543,37.901548,37.90171,37.901971,37.901977,37.901981,37.901987,37.902007,37.90206,37.902058,37.902058,37.902057,37.90199,37.902058,37.902062,37.902071,37.902294,37.902849,37.902852,37.902869,37.903186,37.903389,37.903545,37.903701,37.903477,37.903385,37.902941,37.902528,37.902426,37.902424,37.902574,37.902601,37.902639,37.903089,37.903391,37.903659,37.903739,37.904218,37.904903,37.904918,37.905612,37.906336,37.906812,37.90695,37.906968,37.907012,37.90703,37.907149,37.907256,37.907322,37.907389,37.907626,37.907988,37.908372,37.908942,37.909792,37.910201,37.910931,37.911138,37.911208,37.911319,37.911723,37.91186,37.911908,37.91183,37.911819,37.911816,37.911813,37.911769,37.91166,37.91165,37.911634,37.91163,37.911647,37.911725,37.911735,37.911737,37.91174,37.911784,37.912051,37.9129,37.912913,37.912919,37.912928,37.912936,37.912942,37.912992,37.913033,37.913413,37.913695,37.913685,37.913872,37.914447,37.914889,37.915073,37.915127,37.914866,37.914699,37.914088,37.913836,37.913899,37.913909,37.913955,37.913751,37.913628,37.913353,37.91336,37.913489,37.913746,37.91426,37.9145,37.91503,37.915681,37.916517,37.917144,37.917488,37.9176,37.91752,37.917382,37.917059,37.916341,37.915154,37.914143,37.913393,37.912941,37.912626,37.912624,37.912847,37.912981,37.912955,37.912794,37.912584,37.912351,37.911473,37.910119,37.909184,37.90853,37.908428,37.908077,37.907788,37.90723,37.907037,37.906618,37.905087,37.904587,37.903789,37.903161,37.902678,37.899972,37.89985,37.899511,37.898758,37.898151,37.897754,37.897351,37.896472,37.895853,37.895593,37.895263,37.894505,37.893756,37.892999,37.892346,37.891234,37.891147,37.891011,37.890888,37.890903,37.891048,37.891216,37.891472,37.891582,37.891666,37.891879,37.892409,37.892461,37.892584,37.892461,37.892054,37.892097,37.892067,37.89214,37.892166,37.892308,37.892128,37.892135,37.892373,37.892395,37.89233,37.892238,37.892146,37.892029,37.892017,37.892024,37.892078,37.8921,37.892197,37.892388,37.892443,37.892465,37.892592,37.892709,37.89272,37.893071,37.893076,37.893083,37.893317,37.893342,37.893351,37.89336,37.893367,37.893377,37.893493,37.893518,37.89345,37.893209,37.892782,37.892612,37.892289,37.891912,37.891492,37.891418,37.891274,37.890951,37.890589,37.889887,37.888969,37.888389,37.888051,37.88755,37.886217,37.88505,37.88501,37.884673,37.884106,37.883706,37.883698,37.88369,37.88366,37.883624,37.883538,37.883335,37.882745,37.882527,37.882534,37.882511,37.882468,37.882282,37.881935,37.881587,37.88169,37.882309,37.884149,37.884599,37.884751,37.884982,37.885126,37.885722,37.886688,37.886738,37.886893,37.887031,37.887307,37.887517,37.8877,37.888238,37.888361,37.888438,37.888509,37.88852,37.888602,37.888706,37.888872,37.888983,37.889065,37.889185,37.889314,37.889383,37.889571,37.890074,37.890537,37.891049,37.891259,37.891567,37.891843,37.892053,37.892093,37.892157,37.892204,37.892264,37.892352,37.892539,37.892687,37.892866,37.893007,37.893138,37.893283,37.894181,37.89433,37.894385,37.894438,37.894472,37.894554,37.894559,37.894645,37.894705,37.894758,37.894893,37.895015,37.895169,37.895332,37.895417,37.895518,37.895649,37.895804,37.895869,37.895958,37.896047,37.896169,37.896459,37.896718,37.897001,37.897102,37.897308,37.897494,37.897671,37.897922,37.898338,37.899403,37.900075,37.900101,37.901491,37.901525,37.901602,37.901996,37.901959,37.901769,37.901606,37.901464,37.901326,37.90121,37.901147,37.901081,37.901056,37.901039,37.901028,37.901032,37.901052,37.901078,37.901126,37.901311,37.901397,37.901463,37.901533,37.901691,37.901828,37.902002,37.902057,37.90211,37.902162,37.902335,37.902491,37.902579,37.902639,37.902701,37.902753,37.90278,37.902801,37.902872,37.902952,37.902989,37.903046,37.903108,37.903182,37.903265,37.903353,37.903451,37.903536,37.903646,37.903761,37.903905,37.904018,37.904138,37.904228,37.904293,37.904384,37.904451,37.904495,37.904537,37.904562,37.904577,37.904713,37.904785,37.904804,37.904806,37.904808,37.904804,37.9048,37.904781,37.904748,37.904684,37.904672,37.904564,37.904141,37.904087,37.904025,37.90396,37.903876,37.903795,37.903687,37.903597,37.903484,37.903394,37.903294,37.903161,37.903033,37.902116,37.901202,37.900074,37.899957,37.899806,37.899651,37.899434,37.899281,37.899129,37.898977,37.898857,37.898708,37.898587,37.898525,37.898349,37.898179,37.898003,37.89782,37.897704,37.897509,37.897286,37.897153,37.897021,37.896866,37.896741,37.896621,37.896479,37.896343,37.896215,37.896131,37.895958,37.89573,37.895612,37.895491,37.89536,37.895197,37.895178,37.895071,37.89494,37.894791,37.894617,37.894442,37.89426,37.894017,37.893129,37.892436,37.892077,37.891543,37.891434,37.891251,37.890553,37.890119,37.889966,37.889818,37.889798,37.889682,37.889544,37.889439,37.889361,37.889176,37.888948,37.88888,37.888762,37.888635,37.888503,37.88834,37.888288,37.888128,37.888014,37.887974,37.887932,37.887651,37.887181,37.887014,37.886662,37.8863,37.886083,37.885812,37.885676,37.885543,37.885413,37.885193,37.884728,37.884444,37.884212,37.883956,37.883823,37.883698,37.883582,37.883484,37.883461,37.883318,37.883095,37.882806,37.882625,37.88255,37.882525,37.882326,37.882311,37.882166,37.882136,37.881998,37.881875,37.881812,37.881762,37.881748,37.881742,37.881743,37.881733,37.88172,37.881693,37.881661,37.88161,37.881565,37.881456,37.881361,37.881259,37.881123,37.880977,37.880678,37.880391,37.880267,37.880048,37.879836,37.879724,37.879594,37.879476,37.879395,37.879305,37.879236,37.879227,37.87907,37.879024,37.878955,37.878891,37.878785,37.878607,37.878586,37.878539,37.878524,37.878489,37.878481,37.878471,37.878467,37.878465,37.878474,37.878498,37.878567,37.878749,37.878775,37.878836,37.878886,37.878914,37.87902,37.879074,37.879086,37.879083,37.879066,37.879045,37.879,37.878941,37.878845,37.878665,37.878497,37.87843,37.878329,37.878211,37.878179,37.878005,37.877959,37.877873,37.877458,37.877281,37.877036,37.876937,37.876863,37.876772,37.876666,37.87647,37.876339,37.876297,37.876221,37.876138,37.876077,37.876041,37.875988,37.875956,37.875916,37.875845,37.875802,37.87575,37.875693,37.875661,37.875375,37.875222,37.875155,37.875097,37.875061,37.87501,37.874974,37.874951,37.874936,37.874918,37.874847,37.874792,37.874562,37.874462,37.874339,37.874033,37.873758,37.873555,37.873523,37.873342,37.873305,37.872992,37.872863,37.872849,37.872705,37.872506,37.872412,37.87238,37.872354,37.872236,37.872134,37.87209,37.872053,37.87199,37.871923,37.871842,37.871788,37.871609,37.871268,37.871509,37.872836,37.873608,37.874618,37.87489,37.875727,37.876008,37.87642,37.876613,37.876894,37.877875,37.878395,37.878622,37.879871,37.880112,37.880341,37.880638,37.881171,37.881372,37.881506,37.881718,37.881998,37.882116,37.8822,37.882551,37.883426,37.883545,37.883924,37.883992,37.884432,37.884555,37.884688,37.884943,37.885022,37.885092,37.885239,37.885486,37.885514,37.885824,37.886031,37.886137,37.886175,37.886218,37.886236,37.886273,37.88629,37.886304,37.886408,37.886431,37.886508,37.88656,37.88669,37.886719,37.886727,37.886723,37.886708,37.886672,37.886639,37.886619,37.886478,37.886431,37.886402,37.886382,37.886382,37.886418,37.88645,37.886482,37.886567,37.88667,37.886781,37.886812,37.886855,37.886937,37.887008,37.887055,37.887116,37.887143,37.887176,37.887218,37.887241,37.887269,37.887357,37.887411,37.887477,37.887542,37.887588,37.887623,37.887699,37.88772,37.887795,37.88791,37.888128,37.888197,37.888257,37.888339,37.888558,37.888822,37.889195,37.889243,37.88999,37.890126,37.888571,37.887539,37.886942,37.886819,37.886724,37.886624,37.886521,37.886423,37.886326,37.886233,37.88616,37.88612,37.885936,37.885916,37.88567,37.885533,37.885476,37.885336,37.885222,37.885054,37.884718,37.884636,37.884462,37.884406,37.883922,37.883583,37.883149,37.882867,37.882764,37.882431,37.882292,37.882176,37.881959,37.881608,37.881268,37.881082,37.881003,37.880958,37.880677,37.880496,37.880405,37.880123,37.879976,37.879717,37.879469,37.879364,37.879283,37.879188,37.879117,37.879084,37.878333,37.87823,37.878122,37.878008,37.877772,37.877243,37.877088,37.876949,37.876837,37.876784,37.876688,37.876458,37.876022,37.875916,37.875556,37.874982,37.874697,37.874671,37.874622,37.874392,37.874302,37.874236,37.874026,37.873933,37.873898,37.873441,37.87331,37.873186,37.87276,37.872057,37.87164,37.871535,37.871479,37.871407,37.871305,37.871221,37.870876,37.870776,37.870684,37.870627,37.870578,37.870541,37.870514,37.870507,37.87048,37.870492,37.870496,37.870497,37.870515,37.870504,37.870493,37.870476,37.870452,37.870436,37.870379,37.87025,37.870098,37.869922,37.869821,37.869629,37.869182,37.868865,37.868538,37.868464,37.868367,37.868295,37.868205,37.868099,37.868032,37.86793,37.867876,37.867828,37.867804,37.867794,37.867804,37.867829,37.867874,37.867924,37.867988,37.86805,37.868115,37.868193,37.868282,37.868403,37.868624,37.868701,37.868755,37.868802,37.868849,37.868864,37.868869,37.868863,37.868843,37.868808,37.868769,37.868703,37.868627,37.868577,37.868464,37.868321,37.868199,37.868042,37.867799,37.867431,37.867326,37.867203,37.867089,37.866992,37.866909,37.866837,37.866779,37.866748,37.866707,37.866292,37.866251,37.866235,37.866227,37.866233,37.866234,37.866226,37.86619,37.866148,37.866106,37.866061,37.86605,37.865946,37.865942,37.865952,37.865977,37.866029,37.866094,37.866156,37.866369,37.866513,37.86661,37.866696,37.866755,37.86679,37.866814,37.866819,37.866811,37.866781,37.866742,37.866691,37.866629,37.866602,37.866343,37.866047,37.865816,37.865502,37.865353,37.865296,37.86525,37.865216,37.865199,37.865199,37.865217,37.865247,37.865337,37.865351,37.865351,37.865332,37.865299,37.865253,37.865196,37.86513,37.865033,37.864925,37.864733,37.864672,37.8646,37.864548,37.864502,37.864453,37.864409,37.864329,37.864314,37.864293,37.86428,37.864286,37.864301,37.864333,37.864374,37.864458,37.864551,37.864673,37.864836,37.865134,37.865318,37.865355,37.865408,37.865458,37.865527,37.8656,37.865771,37.865927,37.866144,37.866254,37.866392,37.866569,37.866626,37.866814,37.866914,37.867038,37.86711,37.867226,37.867313,37.86743,37.867541,37.867687,37.867754,37.867813,37.867864,37.867916,37.867949,37.868016,37.868091,37.868144,37.868244,37.868321,37.868528,37.868584,37.868659,37.868736,37.868761,37.868772,37.868766,37.868746,37.868744,37.868752,37.868774,37.868808,37.868851,37.868905,37.868966,37.86905,37.869138,37.869228,37.869318,37.869502,37.869601,37.86972,37.869767,37.869899,37.870001,37.870122,37.870235,37.870303,37.870366,37.870405,37.870422,37.870435,37.870444,37.870447,37.870435,37.870327,37.870302,37.870279,37.869957,37.869949,37.869951,37.869963,37.87003,37.869801,37.868653,37.868434,37.868032,37.867386,37.867071,37.866787,37.866516,37.866293,37.86607,37.865827,37.865617,37.865415,37.865204,37.864823,37.864472,37.86417,37.86398,37.863941,37.863456,37.863331,37.862535,37.862037,37.861789,37.861584,37.861341,37.861193,37.861003,37.86087,37.860698,37.860462,37.86031,37.860117,37.859955,37.859729,37.859517,37.859537,37.859557,37.859607,37.859637,37.859696,37.859736,37.859798,37.859841,37.85996,37.860118,37.860229,37.860378,37.860503,37.860663,37.860771,37.860869,37.860926,37.861024,37.861109,37.861183,37.861208,37.861218,37.861219,37.8612,37.861155,37.861088,37.861043,37.860984,37.860941,37.860822,37.860719,37.860461,37.860358,37.860315,37.860287,37.860272,37.86027,37.860289,37.860289,37.860303,37.860331,37.860477,37.860565,37.860386,37.860221,37.860033,37.859702,37.859375,37.858936,37.858791,37.858647,37.858505,37.858363,37.858249,37.858142,37.858012,37.857879,37.857626,37.857519,37.85734,37.857229,37.857087,37.856943,37.856793,37.856615,37.856373,37.856255,37.856136,37.856018,37.855901,37.855766,37.855667,37.855594,37.855532,37.85548,37.855455,37.85544,37.855386,37.85532,37.855261,37.855199,37.855167,37.855117,37.85507,37.854991,37.85491,37.854582,37.854396,37.854209,37.853989,37.853636,37.853356,37.85323,37.853051,37.852762,37.852634,37.852527,37.852173,37.85182,37.851643,37.851544,37.85131,37.85111,37.850949,37.850668,37.850471,37.850274,37.850079,37.849899,37.849732,37.849552,37.84946,37.849364,37.84911,37.848931,37.848781,37.848642,37.848562,37.848484,37.848339,37.848167,37.847909,37.847737,37.847572,37.847469,37.847268,37.847158,37.847056,37.846956,37.846853,37.846826,37.846747,37.846519,37.846324,37.846319,37.846302,37.846026,37.845945,37.845933,37.845837,37.845797,37.845759,37.845708,37.845643,37.845579,37.845498,37.845419,37.845332,37.845199,37.845076,37.84492,37.844705,37.844605,37.84449,37.844336,37.844229,37.844162,37.84409,37.844022,37.844002,37.843984,37.843982,37.843999,37.844041,37.844094,37.844193,37.844341,37.844516,37.844803,37.845015,37.845126,37.845311,37.845446,37.845566,37.845627,37.84568,37.845718,37.845742,37.845751,37.845741,37.845709,37.845689,37.845681,37.845646,37.845624,37.845598,37.845548,37.845374,37.845233,37.844803,37.844434,37.844174,37.843634,37.843494,37.843334,37.843219,37.843062,37.842971,37.842917,37.842727,37.842569,37.842321,37.841668,37.841213,37.840985,37.840723,37.840526,37.840393,37.840316,37.840071,37.839665,37.839442,37.839208,37.838766,37.8386,37.838434,37.837252,37.836981,37.836637,37.836263,37.835713,37.833538,37.832692,37.832462,37.831396,37.830858,37.830649,37.83045,37.830075,37.829945,37.829691,37.829112,37.828649,37.828399,37.828099,37.827595,37.827081,37.826823,37.826506,37.82588,37.825481,37.825182,37.824737,37.824425,37.824047,37.823685,37.823377,37.822925,37.822413,37.820229,37.819835,37.81912,37.818784,37.818303,37.818117,37.81648,37.815369,37.81492,37.814859,37.814768,37.814609,37.814248,37.813912,37.813637,37.812818,37.812587,37.811605,37.811371,37.811115,37.81105,37.810311,37.810041,37.809826,37.809478,37.809184,37.808944,37.8088,37.807274,37.80698,37.805911,37.805775,37.8056,37.805417,37.805228,37.805035,37.804813,37.804751,37.804637,37.804434,37.80423,37.8033,37.801869,37.800826,37.799738,37.798631,37.797901,37.797754,37.797529,37.797235,37.796942,37.796687,37.796548,37.79622,37.796159,37.795651,37.795518,37.795184,37.794857,37.794541,37.794344,37.794174,37.793755,37.793511,37.793258,37.793007,37.79275,37.792487,37.792175,37.791345,37.790592,37.789659,37.788816,37.787709,37.786827,37.786496,37.786325,37.7855,37.785049,37.784562,37.784152,37.784047,37.783414,37.783141,37.782893,37.780782,37.780198,37.779571,37.778648,37.777735,37.777135,37.776517,37.775859,37.775252,37.774711,37.773551,37.772762,37.772667,37.772091,37.771869,37.771601,37.771378,37.771157,37.770938,37.770634,37.769822,37.769714,37.769515,37.769255,37.768991,37.768671,37.768234,37.767941,37.767698,37.767257,37.767034,37.766809,37.766557,37.766389,37.766097,37.765669,37.765508,37.765441,37.764618,37.764153,37.763766,37.763131,37.762724,37.762438,37.761685,37.761321,37.760309,37.75991,37.759637,37.758979,37.757832,37.757307,37.755918,37.754182,37.7535,37.753336,37.752882,37.752665,37.752385,37.752042,37.751707,37.751591,37.751306,37.75103,37.750792,37.750337,37.749535,37.749418,37.749262,37.749032,37.748391,37.747417,37.746752,37.74585,37.745388,37.74478,37.744575,37.744355,37.744182,37.744125,37.743824,37.743353,37.743287,37.743237,37.743037,37.74287,37.742653,37.742188,37.741886,37.741743,37.741322,37.740996,37.74065,37.740253,37.73984,37.739521,37.739262,37.739024,37.738485,37.738356,37.738191,37.737819,37.737307,37.736972,37.736394,37.73617,37.735006,37.734583,37.733852,37.733694,37.733486,37.733284,37.733073,37.732922,37.731982,37.731648,37.73078,37.730223,37.729608,37.729327,37.72847,37.728104,37.727687,37.72702,37.726333,37.726054,37.726009,37.725886,37.725684,37.725462,37.725322,37.725016,37.72461,37.724274,37.724145,37.723665,37.723131,37.722992,37.722764,37.722523,37.722261,37.722103,37.722043,37.721897,37.721732,37.721632,37.721492,37.721237,37.720998,37.720766,37.720722,37.720265,37.719882,37.719604,37.719372,37.719084,37.718784,37.717479,37.71712,37.716972,37.716733,37.716654,37.716525,37.716378,37.716116,37.715714,37.714415,37.714085,37.713842,37.71367,37.71352,37.713388,37.713372,37.713201,37.71291,37.712651,37.712371,37.712031,37.711767,37.711542,37.71085,37.710542,37.710136,37.709927,37.709598,37.709416,37.709345,37.709208,37.708928,37.708867,37.70862,37.70856,37.708313,37.708153,37.708066,37.707917,37.70733,37.70722,37.707017,37.706912,37.706555,37.70633,37.705979,37.705797,37.705457,37.705314,37.704776,37.704671,37.704551,37.704347,37.704062,37.703441,37.703302,37.702002,37.701574,37.701327,37.701074,37.7008,37.700173,37.700009,37.699668,37.699591,37.699383,37.698746,37.697949,37.697664,37.697466,37.697263,37.696977,37.696735,37.695835,37.695686,37.695324,37.695148,37.694863,37.694806,37.694681,37.694616,37.694583,37.694495,37.694374,37.694248,37.694176,37.694077,37.693298,37.6931,37.692952,37.69271,37.692578,37.692122,37.69182,37.691738,37.691606,37.691337,37.691194,37.69087,37.690607,37.69025,37.689909,37.689442,37.689206,37.688893,37.688772,37.68858,37.688432,37.688097,37.687778,37.68713,37.687026,37.686493,37.686136,37.685362,37.685098,37.684851,37.684763,37.684609,37.683094,37.68222,37.682094,37.681799,37.68149,37.680446,37.680144,37.680012,37.67988,37.679787,37.679249,37.679095,37.679051,37.679024,37.679013,37.679007,37.679018,37.679029,37.679013,37.678996,37.678974,37.678925,37.67887,37.678821,37.678562,37.678486,37.678403,37.678282,37.677689,37.677546,37.67742,37.677332,37.677266,37.677173,37.677058,37.676712,37.676624,37.676481,37.676398,37.676316,37.676179,37.675663,37.675542,37.675152,37.674987,37.674597,37.67441,37.673966,37.673768,37.673537,37.673482,37.673356,37.673026,37.672916,37.672702,37.67262,37.672384,37.672274,37.672164,37.672054,37.67178,37.671675,37.671428,37.671132,37.670862,37.67078,37.670555,37.670494,37.670368,37.670302,37.670209,37.670148,37.670143,37.670152,37.670176,37.670176,37.670166,37.665732,37.663976,37.661498,37.660921,37.65934,37.656304,37.655738,37.655418,37.654969,37.653831,37.653406,37.65232,37.651838,37.651731,37.651678,37.651653,37.651584,37.65101,37.65055,37.650235,37.649849,37.649683,37.64958,37.649394,37.648061,37.648005,37.647661,37.647374,37.647225,37.647048,37.647476,37.648712,37.64891,37.649,37.649408,37.64962,37.649833,37.650286,37.650806,37.650931,37.650953,37.651494,37.651723,37.651903,37.652,37.652153,37.652265,37.652391,37.652467,37.652536,37.652571,37.652643,37.652854,37.653274,37.653517,37.653585,37.653679,37.653765,37.653814,37.653833,37.653995,37.654015,37.654029,37.654068,37.654087,37.654141,37.654197,37.654566,37.654803,37.655043,37.655972,37.656258,37.65681,37.656979,37.657177,37.657209,37.657275,37.657858,37.658282,37.658621,37.659142,37.659598,37.660093,37.660484,37.660659,37.660933,37.661505,37.662528,37.663897,37.66399,37.664495,37.664926,37.665318,37.665609,37.66599,37.666113,37.666325,37.66656,37.666643,37.666838,37.666925,37.667022,37.667086,37.667139,37.667159,37.66732,37.667482,37.667548,37.667561,37.667604,37.667713,37.667875,37.667949,37.668029,37.6682,37.668358,37.668401,37.668588,37.668648,37.668688,37.668779,37.668903,37.669553,37.670032,37.670182,37.670349,37.670523,37.670665,37.670878,37.671053,37.671212,37.671377,37.671818,37.672973,37.67411,37.674623,37.674715,37.675273,37.675434,37.675509,37.67565,37.675801,37.675873,37.675894,37.67601,37.676168,37.676266,37.676375,37.676412,37.676479,37.676585,37.676604,37.676654,37.676758,37.676901,37.67697,37.677004,37.677252,37.677338,37.677566,37.677754,37.677814,37.67797,37.6781,37.678194,37.678568,37.678737,37.678816,37.678957,37.679216,37.679404,37.679489,37.679573,37.67963,37.67965,37.679661,37.679654,37.679623,37.679611,37.679524,37.679431,37.679305,37.679272,37.679172,37.679024,37.678912,37.678791,37.678542,37.678451,37.678408,37.67835,37.678285,37.678262,37.678249,37.678253,37.678277,37.678286,37.678294,37.67832,37.678488,37.678839,37.678918,37.679069,37.679317,37.67991,37.680295,37.680492,37.680794,37.680961,37.680987,37.681033,37.681437,37.681539,37.681611,37.681748,37.68183,37.681867,37.681987,37.682018,37.682058,37.682152,37.682189,37.682258,37.682315,37.682412,37.682554,37.682658,37.682871,37.683082,37.683187,37.683327,37.683464,37.683865,37.684797,37.684934,37.685279,37.685558,37.685978,37.686294,37.686507,37.686613,37.686752,37.686851,37.686879,37.686982,37.687084,37.687178,37.687287,37.687387,37.687437,37.687547,37.687605,37.687692,37.687893,37.688049,37.688385,37.688482,37.688534,37.688561,37.688663,37.688807,37.688916,37.688935,37.688987,37.689035,37.689074,37.689163,37.689234,37.689361,37.689402,37.689428,37.689459,37.689563,37.689606,37.689647,37.689726,37.689786,37.689851,37.689996,37.690174,37.690456,37.690699,37.691178,37.691279,37.691477,37.691604,37.691789,37.691939,37.692064,37.692229,37.692365,37.692642,37.693281,37.693458,37.693527,37.693663,37.693792,37.694596,37.694693,37.695065,37.695546,37.695756,37.696108,37.696392,37.696648,37.696672,37.69673,37.696827,37.697241,37.697347,37.697418,37.697473,37.697732,37.697808,37.697878,37.697986,37.698034,37.698051,37.698081,37.698107,37.698118,37.698142,37.69819,37.698199,37.698223,37.698348,37.698489,37.698514,37.69854,37.698565,37.698575,37.698603,37.698651,37.698751,37.698801,37.698878,37.698988,37.699113,37.699137,37.699194,37.699362,37.69942,37.699677,37.699907,37.700201,37.700379,37.700598,37.700723,37.700892,37.701024,37.701196,37.701275,37.701403,37.701568,37.701665,37.70169,37.701728,37.701734,37.701734,37.701724,37.701684,37.701671,37.701601,37.701473,37.701438,37.701403,37.70122,37.701094,37.701027,37.700923,37.7005,37.700291,37.700188,37.700155,37.70007,37.700054,37.699925,37.699857,37.699837,37.699786,37.699741,37.699701,37.699633,37.699536,37.699485,37.699468,37.699461,37.699454,37.699441,37.699437,37.699352,37.699269,37.699178,37.699125,37.698969,37.698853,37.69876,37.69858,37.698543,37.698403,37.698284,37.69813,37.698071,37.697864,37.697575,37.697518,37.697477,37.697475,37.697507,37.697537,37.697605,37.697836,37.697856,37.69788,37.698047,37.698308,37.698459,37.698541,37.698594,37.698678,37.698705,37.698749,37.698781,37.698815,37.69885,37.698885,37.698988,37.699114,37.699322,37.699414,37.699511,37.69975,37.699892,37.700034,37.700234,37.700326,37.700383,37.700432,37.700475,37.700513,37.700561,37.700601,37.700619,37.700625,37.700639,37.700676,37.70071,37.700751,37.700899,37.701258,37.701373,37.701469,37.701493,37.701523,37.701534,37.701532,37.7015,37.701501,37.701519,37.701533,37.701583,37.701625,37.701756,37.701925,37.702158,37.70222,37.702411,37.702485,37.702509,37.70261,37.702813,37.70326,37.703362,37.703494,37.703561,37.70366,37.703856,37.704044,37.704344,37.704533,37.704632,37.705037,37.705133,37.705285,37.705332,37.705381,37.705398,37.705404,37.705394,37.705392,37.705375,37.705352,37.70518,37.705141,37.705087,37.704933,37.704864,37.704775,37.704738,37.704702,37.704616,37.70445,37.70443,37.704426,37.70443,37.704477,37.704516,37.704614,37.704642,37.704687,37.704744,37.704762,37.704765,37.704761,37.704699,37.704672,37.704485,37.704425,37.704308,37.704208,37.704136,37.704085,37.703779,37.703625,37.703577,37.70353,37.703448,37.70325,37.703226,37.703082,37.702826,37.70254,37.702497,37.70241,37.702386,37.702366,37.702351,37.702349,37.70236,37.702406,37.702478,37.702507,37.702627,37.702716,37.702751,37.702779,37.702787,37.702784,37.702768,37.70272,37.702688,37.702613,37.702571,37.702475,37.702395,37.702386,37.702404,37.702429,37.70249,37.702566,37.702646,37.702879,37.703398,37.703778,37.704308,37.704468,37.704686,37.704959,37.705047,37.705105,37.705166,37.705431,37.705911,37.70644,37.706686,37.70684,37.70699,37.707555,37.707565,37.708223,37.708433,37.709039,37.709449,37.709626,37.709644,37.709723,37.7098,37.709809,37.709834,37.70992,37.709955,37.710036,37.71007,37.710077,37.710031,37.709999,37.709909,37.709882,37.709873,37.709868,37.709903,37.709906,37.709945,37.709979,37.709984,37.710058,37.71012,37.71016,37.710168,37.710202,37.710245,37.710292,37.710445,37.710553,37.710628,37.710703,37.710751,37.710752,37.710761,37.710759,37.710748,37.710739,37.71074,37.710717,37.710688,37.710681,37.710668,37.710655,37.71064,37.710637,37.710646,37.710676,37.710736,37.710813,37.710835,37.710926,37.710971,37.711036,37.711099,37.711103,37.711136,37.711175,37.711192,37.711191,37.711183,37.711199,37.711232,37.711287,37.711334,37.711503,37.711609,37.711723,37.711832,37.711965,37.712033,37.712062,37.71239,37.712529,37.71265,37.71274,37.71278,37.712821,37.712834,37.712841,37.712838,37.712812,37.712792,37.712756,37.71271,37.712659,37.712528,37.712373,37.712326,37.712239,37.712219,37.7122,37.712206,37.712212,37.712223,37.712251,37.712345,37.712413,37.712568,37.71265,37.712737,37.712827,37.713163,37.713249,37.713302,37.713342,37.713386,37.713412,37.713516,37.713653,37.713823,37.713856,37.713884,37.7139,37.713906,37.713939,37.714065,37.714257,37.714312,37.714373,37.714521,37.714905,37.715213,37.715339,37.715455,37.715521,37.715603,37.71568,37.715982,37.716059,37.716158,37.716323,37.716366,37.71641,37.716416,37.716434,37.716471,37.716467,37.716468,37.716464,37.716475,37.716503,37.716518,37.716562,37.716604,37.716705,37.716744,37.716787,37.716867,37.716964,37.717156,37.717296,37.717384,37.717597,37.71806,37.718233,37.718334,37.71839,37.718484,37.718687,37.718858,37.718906,37.719026,37.719061,37.719073,37.719074,37.719053,37.71906,37.719069,37.719083,37.719091,37.719127,37.719173,37.7192,37.719322,37.719483,37.719619,37.719725,37.719909,37.720117,37.720255,37.720458,37.720556,37.72081,37.721007,37.721511,37.721575,37.721641,37.721804,37.721992,37.722036,37.722202,37.722234,37.722331,37.72236,37.722493,37.72283,37.723058,37.723114,37.723383,37.723412,37.723466,37.723554,37.723767,37.723997,37.724263,37.724466,37.724742,37.724812,37.724918,37.725021,37.725174,37.725206,37.725323,37.725485,37.725639,37.725655,37.725754,37.725792,37.725952,37.7262,37.7265,37.72674,37.726823,37.727037,37.727262,37.727332,37.727352,37.727535,37.727721,37.727938,37.728081,37.728229,37.728425,37.72875,37.729109,37.729714,37.729918,37.730129,37.730426,37.730608,37.730838,37.730907,37.731012,37.731048,37.731084,37.731162,37.731195,37.731225,37.73126,37.73129,37.731354,37.731446,37.731745,37.731909,37.732013,37.732083,37.732189,37.732401,37.732506,37.732612,37.732677,37.732753,37.732984,37.733047,37.733227,37.7334,37.733634,37.733875,37.734001,37.734227,37.734363,37.734433,37.734503,37.734574,37.734678,37.734708,37.734744,37.734764,37.734778,37.734956,37.734989,37.735082,37.73514,37.735235,37.735366,37.735875,37.736048,37.736152,37.736257,37.736362,37.736502,37.736642,37.736772,37.736806,37.736899,37.737017,37.737092,37.737139,37.737286,37.737675,37.737789,37.737856,37.738061,37.738096,37.738198,37.738262,37.738488,37.738552,37.738586,37.738689,37.738761,37.738866,37.738935,37.739001,37.739098,37.739307,37.739401,37.739598,37.739703,37.739845,37.740093,37.740509,37.740611,37.740677,37.740914,37.741015,37.741249,37.741346,37.741406,37.741438,37.7416,37.741759,37.741957,37.742025,37.742233,37.742408,37.742479,37.742514,37.742726,37.742774,37.742838,37.742879,37.742937,37.743008,37.7435,37.743569,37.74392,37.74406,37.744095,37.744317,37.74441,37.744516,37.744551,37.744585,37.744691,37.744817,37.74497,37.745005,37.745075,37.74511,37.745146,37.745174,37.745205,37.745257,37.74532,37.74539,37.745432,37.745491,37.745542,37.745589,37.745652,37.745741,37.745795,37.746065,37.746119,37.746176,37.746272,37.74634,37.746411,37.746517,37.74659,37.746801,37.747082,37.747361,37.747539,37.747647,37.747682,37.747753,37.748254,37.748397,37.74847,37.748726,37.748828,37.748946,37.749079,37.749151,37.749365,37.749436,37.749556,37.749712,37.749812,37.74991,37.74996,37.75001,37.750074,37.750094,37.750588,37.750945,37.750973,37.751006,37.751042,37.751098,37.75116,37.75134,37.751482,37.75159,37.751862,37.752135,37.752375,37.752752,37.752889,37.75306,37.753109,37.753649,37.753825,37.753931,37.754,37.754069,37.754314,37.75456,37.75463,37.754736,37.754942,37.755011,37.755151,37.755221,37.755626,37.755691,37.755753,37.755787,37.75585,37.755918,37.755974,37.756039,37.756104,37.756134,37.756309,37.756373,37.756419,37.756511,37.756606,37.756689,37.756739,37.756953,37.75705,37.757217,37.757496,37.757596,37.757726,37.757794,37.757859,37.757958,37.758125,37.7583,37.758508,37.758542,37.758714,37.758889,37.759265,37.759723,37.759792,37.760136,37.760306,37.760773,37.761056,37.761237,37.761534,37.761854,37.761991,37.762171,37.762218,37.762249,37.762318,37.762423,37.762458,37.762561,37.76258,37.762653,37.762714,37.762799,37.764526,37.764696,37.765083,37.765117,37.765719,37.765888,37.76592,37.766074,37.766407,37.766572,37.76664,37.766769,37.76686,37.766888,37.76695,37.767058,37.767142,37.767202,37.767277,37.767319,37.767414,37.767467,37.767625,37.767706,37.767744,37.767752,37.767759,37.767804,37.767863,37.768284,37.768432,37.768591,37.768759,37.768881,37.769038,37.769069,37.769169,37.769412,37.769517,37.769587,37.76987,37.769976,37.770148,37.770352,37.770549,37.770683,37.770713,37.770778,37.770838,37.770967,37.771482,37.771585,37.771652,37.771672,37.771742,37.771835,37.771914,37.771978,37.772046,37.7721,37.77223,37.77241,37.772506,37.772539,37.772602,37.772668,37.772736,37.772875,37.772946,37.773017,37.773052,37.77312,37.773186,37.773281,37.773342,37.773515,37.7736,37.77371,37.773796,37.773973,37.774005,37.774173,37.774385,37.774491,37.774702,37.774769,37.774801,37.774868,37.774933,37.775153,37.775627,37.775725,37.77576,37.775826,37.775963,37.776267,37.776496,37.776837,37.776912,37.777017,37.777344,37.777434,37.777487,37.777518,37.77771,37.777872,37.778064,37.778158,37.77818,37.778261,37.778271,37.778303,37.778348,37.778355,37.778369,37.778374,37.778394,37.778409,37.778423,37.778454,37.778478,37.778492,37.778546,37.77854,37.778528,37.778507,37.778495,37.778456,37.778433,37.778339,37.778246,37.778155,37.778051,37.778032,37.778016,37.778017,37.778021,37.778043,37.778079,37.778144,37.778191,37.778234,37.778281,37.778403,37.778466,37.778563,37.778664,37.778804,37.778872,37.779075,37.779206,37.779257,37.779328,37.779386,37.779411,37.779443,37.779528,37.779599,37.779676,37.779804,37.779875,37.77993,37.77996,37.780043,37.780148,37.780223,37.780391,37.780568,37.780633,37.780765,37.7808,37.780906,37.781118,37.781152,37.781305,37.78141,37.781431,37.781548,37.781612,37.781715,37.781746,37.781761,37.781772,37.781774,37.781775,37.781776,37.781777,37.781783,37.781783,37.781746,37.78174,37.781764,37.781805,37.781822,37.781866,37.781891,37.781895,37.78192,37.781976,37.781994,37.781997,37.781999,37.782001,37.782011,37.782016,37.782016,37.78197,37.781903,37.781856,37.78187,37.781972,37.782164,37.782548,37.782615,37.782731,37.782862,37.78295,37.783126,37.783217,37.783271,37.783306,37.78341,37.78348,37.783549,37.783619,37.783787,37.783856,37.784169,37.784309,37.784343,37.784449,37.784657,37.784762,37.784902,37.785178,37.78527,37.78535,37.785419,37.785504,37.785527,37.785559,37.78556,37.785553,37.785542,37.785499,37.785479,37.785463,37.785444,37.78524,37.785198,37.785133,37.785035,37.785002,37.784941,37.784929,37.784932,37.785031,37.785098,37.785118,37.785141,37.785158,37.785179,37.785203,37.785224,37.785276,37.785373,37.785469,37.785632,37.785727,37.785787,37.786162,37.786357,37.78642,37.786886,37.787124,37.78721,37.787306,37.787332,37.78734,37.787363,37.787371,37.787378,37.787378,37.78737,37.787352,37.787333,37.787304,37.787276,37.787282,37.787315,37.78734,37.787371,37.787453,37.787591,37.787638,37.787665,37.787739,37.78776,37.787807,37.787938,37.787957,37.787998,37.788009,37.787994,37.787953,37.787925,37.787891,37.787617,37.787551,37.787517,37.787163,37.787069,37.786837,37.786739,37.786686,37.786274,37.786223,37.786113,37.785789,37.785727,37.785679,37.785646,37.785612,37.785612,37.785631,37.78563,37.785633,37.785676,37.785703,37.785753,37.785803,37.785823,37.785953,37.786001,37.786047,37.786065,37.786094,37.786096,37.786083,37.786079,37.786077,37.78606,37.786039,37.786038,37.786025,37.785999,37.785882,37.785686,37.785652,37.785641,37.785608,37.785584,37.785543,37.785515,37.785421,37.785375,37.785354,37.785347,37.785341,37.785341,37.78531,37.785275,37.78518,37.785038,37.784972,37.784898,37.784806,37.784789,37.784768,37.784772,37.784782,37.784805,37.784816,37.784842,37.784973,37.784983,37.785015,37.785055,37.785137,37.785295,37.785377,37.785509,37.785699,37.785745,37.785821,37.785903,37.78608,37.786205,37.78627,37.786366,37.786583,37.786902,37.786996,37.787145,37.78719,37.787237,37.787245,37.787248,37.787265,37.787274,37.787284,37.78731,37.787316,37.78733,37.78734,37.787406,37.787415,37.787423,37.787428,37.78742,37.787403,37.787388,37.787368,37.787248,37.787146,37.787111,37.787077,37.786893,37.786744,37.786622,37.786458,37.786319,37.786285,37.786152,37.786025,37.785667,37.785644,37.785592,37.785498,37.785469,37.785422,37.785369,37.785035,37.784901,37.784798,37.784691,37.784646,37.784637,37.784608,37.78459,37.784564,37.784566,37.784574,37.784593,37.784631,37.784652,37.784684,37.784705,37.784777,37.784857,37.785045,37.785176,37.785244,37.785713,37.785844,37.785971,37.786089,37.786193,37.786325,37.786413,37.786491,37.786497,37.786505,37.786499,37.786491,37.786415,37.786363,37.786349,37.786364,37.786369,37.786385,37.786398,37.786408,37.786449,37.786486,37.786627,37.786765,37.786809,37.787028,37.787061,37.787193,37.787488,37.787604,37.787884,37.787943,37.788053,37.788085,37.788114,37.78822,37.788243,37.788305,37.788336,37.788341,37.788374,37.788451,37.788492,37.788541,37.788561,37.788748,37.788928,37.789119,37.789284,37.789386,37.790131,37.790129,37.790116,37.790199,37.790309,37.79038,37.790435,37.790465,37.790556,37.790615,37.790635,37.790858,37.79116,37.791681,37.791956,37.79245,37.792851,37.793126,37.793593,37.793938,37.794158,37.794361,37.794597,37.794801,37.794954,37.795191,37.795548,37.795971,37.796081,37.796246,37.796444,37.796636,37.796856,37.79735,37.797981,37.79824,37.798492,37.79875,37.798904,37.799096,37.7993,37.799437,37.799536,37.7997,37.799876,37.800112,37.800453,37.800634,37.80081,37.801117,37.801364,37.801803,37.801979,37.802199,37.802418,37.8025,37.802528,37.802572,37.802572,37.802445,37.802252,37.802208,37.802153,37.802153,37.802203,37.802274,37.802194,37.802172,37.802161,37.802217,37.802239,37.802272,37.802201,37.802113,37.801976,37.801937,37.801976,37.802141,37.802223,37.802597,37.802696,37.802822,37.803212,37.803531,37.803745,37.803888,37.803965,37.80407,37.804207,37.804361,37.804641,37.804795,37.80507,37.805548,37.805998,37.806432,37.806751,37.806894,37.806993,37.80701,37.807081,37.80712,37.807225,37.807384,37.807604,37.807846,37.808181,37.808532,37.808745,37.809631,37.809735,37.810131,37.810405,37.810658,37.810872,37.811076,37.811208,37.811372,37.812031,37.812339,37.812943,37.813224,37.813416,37.813575,37.813715,37.813773,37.813971,37.814141,37.814152,37.814147,37.814043,37.814039,37.81401,37.813873,37.813588,37.813456,37.813308,37.813286,37.813264,37.813198,37.813154,37.813028,37.812929,37.812748,37.812627,37.812518,37.812304,37.811837,37.811678,37.811601,37.811541,37.811387,37.811382,37.811261,37.81108,37.811009,37.810894,37.810696,37.810482,37.810263,37.809862,37.809505,37.809329,37.809132,37.808939,37.808874,37.808627,37.808583,37.808533,37.808336,37.808149,37.808034,37.807897,37.807573,37.80732,37.807172,37.807167,37.807008,37.806925,37.806914,37.806958,37.807101,37.807129,37.807101,37.80692,37.806684,37.806618,37.806574,37.806492,37.806327,37.806272,37.80624,37.806141,37.805959,37.805938,37.805938,37.806004,37.80602,37.805993,37.805916,37.805663,37.805284,37.805092,37.805015,37.804982,37.804631,37.804543,37.804529,37.804121,37.803969,37.803538,37.803464,37.803252,37.803199,37.803135,37.803097,37.803154,37.803215]}]]],null,null,{"interactive":true,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"white","weight":1,"opacity":1,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#F99306","#41AAAA","#41AAAA","#CCAF2E","#CCAF2E"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"smoothFactor":0.3,"noClip":false},["Percent of families: 34%<br>Number of families: 208<br>Census Tract: 9501.02<br>Area Name: Lovingston","Percent of families: 6.6%<br>Number of families: 63<br>Census Tract: 9502.02<br>Area Name: Wintergreen-Rockfish Valley","Percent of families: 8.5%<br>Number of families: 58<br>Census Tract: 9502.01<br>Area Name: Afton-Schuyler","Percent of families: 23.5%<br>Number of families: 218<br>Census Tract: 9501.01<br>Area Name: Wintergreen-Wingina","Percent of families: 22.2%<br>Number of families: 265<br>Census Tract: 9503<br>Area Name: Roseland"],null,null,{"interactive":false,"permanent":false,"direction":"auto","opacity":1,"offset":[0,0],"textsize":"10px","textOnly":false,"className":"","sticky":true},{"weight":1,"fillOpacity":0.8,"bringToFront":true}]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["#41AAAA","#4DB48A","#CCAF2E","#F99306","#EF6901","#E34400"],"labels":["0 &ndash; 10","10 &ndash; 20","20 &ndash; 30","30 &ndash; 40","40 &ndash; 50","50 &ndash; 60"],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.7,"position":"bottomright","type":"bin","title":"Percent of families <br> making < $35,000","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend","group":null}]}],"limits":{"lat":[37.535642,38.04737],"lng":[-79.172135,-78.64078]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>

[Return to Localities ↩︎](#localities)

# Conclusion

> “When someone works for less pay than she can live on—when, for
> example, she goes hungry so that you can eat more cheaply and
> conveniently—then she has made a great sacrifice for you, she has made
> you a gift of some part of her abilities, her health, and her life.
> The ‘working poor,’ as they are approvingly termed, are in fact the
> major philanthropists of our society.”
>
> — Barbara Ehrenreich.[^23]

Based on data collected from 2016-2020, at least 9,413 families in the
larger Charlottesville region make less than \$35,000 a year, far below
what’s necessary to afford the essentials of life—food, shelter,
clothing and utilities—and additional costs incurred by working. These
families reside throughout our region. While Albemarle County, Louisa
County, and the City of Charlottesville have the highest number of
struggling families, Buckingham County, the City of Charlottesville, and
Nelson County have the highest percent of struggling families. And
across each locality in our region, the percent of Black families making
less than \$35,000 exceeds the percent of white families making less
than \$35,000. Despite working equally hard, the labor of Black families
in the Charlottesville region is not equally valued.

We are making steady progress in decreasing the number, and percent, of
families making under \$35,000 annually. The cost of living, however,
continues to rise—currently working families with a toddler and a
preschooler need between \$42,000 and \$50,000 to be self-sufficient,
based largely on the cost of housing and childcare. And inflationary
forces can rapidly shift the fortunes of struggling families.

We consider this estimate of nearly 10,000 struggling families a
minimum, and while lower than that found in prior Orange Dot Reports, it
is too many. No one should labor full time for insufficient wages, and
our treatment of our essential workers must improve; their labor should
not be a sacrifice for our comfort. The pandemic showed us how essential
is the labor of workers who keep our shelves stocked and our stores
open, who help care for our children and our parents, who ensure our
transportation and logistics systems for people and goods keep running.
Our dependence on one another to keep society functioning has rarely
been so clear. That same interdependence demands we do more to help
struggling families reach positions of greater financial security.

The second part of this report, to be released in the spring, will
review community efforts to provide families with the better paying jobs
they need to succeed, including a review of the approach and progress of
the pioneering Network2Work framework, as well as opportunities to
create more pipelines into stable regional employers. The spring release
will further consider approaches to addressing the rising costs that
threaten to increase the number of families who struggle in our
region—housing and access to capital, child care and early education.
Promoting the well-being and thriving of all of our neighbors, and, in
turn, of our community, will require sustained, cooperative, and
intentional effort by individuals, government and non-governmental
organizations, powerful employers, and more. In short, by our local,
state, and national economic actors and by our public and civic society.

# Notes

[^1]: **Ridge Schuyler**, Dean, Division of Community Self-Sufficiency
    Programs - Network2Work@PVCC, Piedmont Virginia Community College,
    originated the Orange Dot Report in 2011 and has authored three
    prior updates (2015, 2018, 2021). This year begins a partnership
    with The Equity Center at the University of Virginia to support the
    ongoing updates, authorship, and expansion of this work. **Michele
    Claibourn**, Director of Equitable Analysis, The Equity Center,
    University of Virginia and Assistant Professor, Batten School of
    Leadership and Public Policy, University of Virginia. **Lee
    LeBoeuf**, Research Data Fellow, The Equity Center, University of
    Virginia and Ph.D. Candidate, Department of Psychology, University
    of Virginia. **Elizabeth Mitchell**, Research Programs Manager, The
    Equity Center, University of Virginia.

[^2]: Assuming all families in the region match this “model” family
    type, 20% of the families would fall below this higher threshold

[^3]: Martin Luther King, Jr. (March 18, 1968). Retrieved from
    <https://www.beaconbroadside.com/broadside/2018/03/the-50th-anniversary-of-martin-luther-king-jrs-all-labor-has-dignity.html>

[^4]: To find previous versions of the Orange Dot report, go to
    <https://www.pvcc.edu/history-network2workpvcc-program>

[^5]: Family is defined as two or more people related by birth,
    marriage, or adoption and living in the same household. U.S. Census
    Bureau (2020). Household Type, 2016-2020. Retrieved from
    <https://data.census.gov/cedsci/table?q=B11001&g=0500000US51003,51029,51065,51079,51109,51125,51540&tid=ACSDT5Y2020.B11001>.

[^6]: This report reflects the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community
    Survey 5-year averages, 2016-2020.

[^7]: This is a community success, brought about primarily by the hard
    work of the job-seekers themselves, made possible by the quality
    employers who hired them, and propelled by the social and material
    support supplied by family, friends and a network of community-based
    organizations and agencies.

[^8]: Partners for Economic Solutions (2018). Housing Needs Assessment:
    Socioeconomic and Housing Market Analysis. Washington, D.C.:
    Form-Based Code Institute/Smart Growth America, 58.

[^9]: Based on wage of \$11/hour.

[^10]: Putnam, R. (2015). Our Kids: The American Dream in Crisis. New
    York, NY: Simon & Schuster, 189-190.

[^11]: Chetty R., Stepner M., Abraham S., Lin S., Scuderi B., Turner N.,
    Bergeron A., and Cutler D., (2016). The Association Between Income
    and Life Expectancy in the United States, 2001-2014. JAMA
    315:1750–1766. <doi:10.1001/jama.2016.4226>. Data:
    <https://healthinequality.org/data/>

[^12]: Mock, B. (2019, March 21). Why Can’t We Close the Racial Wealth
    Gap? Bloomberg City Lab. Retrieved from
    <https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-03-21/how-income-inequality-feeds-the-racial-wealth-gap>.
    Data on unequal labor income in our region comes from U.S. Census
    Bureau (2020). Family Income in the Past 12 Months. American
    Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, 2014-2018, Tables B19101, 19101A,
    19101B.

[^13]: Mock, B. (2019, March 21). Why Can’t We Close the Racial Wealth
    Gap? Bloomberg City Lab. Retrieved from
    <https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-03-21/how-income-inequality-feeds-the-racial-wealth-gap>.

[^14]: Data on unequal labor income in our region comes from U.S. Census
    Bureau (2020). Family Income in the Past 12 Months. American
    Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, 2014-2018, Tables B19101, 19101A,
    19101B.

[^15]: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Center for Nutrition Policy and
    Promotion (2022). Official USDA Food Plans: Cost of Food at Home at
    Four Levels, U.S. Average, May 2022, Weekly Cost of the Low-Cost
    Plan. Retrieved from
    <https://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/media/file/CostofFoodMay2022Thrifty.pdf>

[^16]: Virginia Housing (2022). 2022 Fair Market Rents. Retrieved from
    <https://www.huduser.gov/portal/datasets/fmr/fmrs/FY2022_code/2022summary.odn>

[^17]: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Center for Nutrition Policy and
    Promotion (2017). Expenditures on Children by Families, Estimated
    annual expenditures on a child by single-parent families. Retrieved
    from
    <https://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/resource-files/crc2015-march2017.pdf>
    and U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (2020). Consumer Expenditures
    Survey, CE Tables, Age of Reference Person, Apparel and Services by
    Women, 16 and over. Retrieved from
    <https://www.bls.gov/cex/tables/calendar-year/mean-item-share-average-standard-error/reference-person-age-ranges-2020.pdf>

[^18]: Virginia Housing Development Authority (2022). Allowances for
    Tenant-Furnished Utilities and Other Services, Two Exposed UA
    Schedule. Retrieved from
    <https://mc-0e9acafd-48f4-4c49-b478-6257-cdn-endpoint.azureedge.net/-/media/docs/partners/housing-choice-vouchers/utility-allowance/2exposed-walls.pdf?rev=91c81573c2e94b8cb314f871bbad5e65&hash=666946C107D54311AC4222AC1E81F850>
    and the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (2020), Consumer Expenditure
    Survey, Telephone Services. Retrieved from
    <https://www.bls.gov/cex/tables/calendar-year/mean-item-share-average-standard-error/reference-person-age-ranges-2020.pdf>

[^19]: Virginia Department of Social Services, Division of Child Care
    and Early Childhood Development (2021). Child Care Subsidy Program
    Guidance Manual. Richmond, Virginia. Retrieved from
    <https://doe.virginia.gov/cc/files/child-care-subsidy-guidance-manual.pdf>.

[^20]: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (2020). Consumer Expenditures
    Survey, CE Tables, Age of Reference Person, Apparel and Services by
    Women, 16 and over. Retrieved from
    <https://www.bls.gov/cex/tables/calendar-year/mean-item-share-average-standard-error/reference-person-age-ranges-2020.pdf>

[^21]: Garner, T. (2010). Supplemental Poverty Measure Thresholds:
    Laying the Foundation. Washington DC: Bureau of Labor Statistics.

[^22]: The median family income is the value for which half of families
    in the area make less and half of the families in the area make
    more.

[^23]: Barbara Ehrenreich (2001). Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By
    in America. Metropolitan Books.
